user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,429570,32682933,Posted: 23 June,all,Hiiury,"OpinionIt is anotherTelltalegame, made up of developer base formula. Brief story about revenge and personal dramas with few plot twist, but interesting characters. Unfortunately, choices and decisions of little relevant to the development of story, gameplay is simple and with few puzzles/challenges.The original soundtrack is great for every moment and detailed environment. The choreographies of action are little elaborated for who played other games of developers, but the fatalities are violent and very bloody.It has comic-style graphics, which, although they are a bit outdated but good, the game has problems rendering textures.It is a cheap and short game that players will play due to the fame of the seriesThe Walking Dead, with graphics problems but good atmosphere, charismatic characters and incredible soundtrack.Relevant aspects:Progress saved in the cloud;Statistics of choices and decisions with players from around the world.Official Page"
76561198042281318,Not Recommended,429570,21571372,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sairvell,"Though I'd like to generally recommend this game, I cannot.The short version is that if you haven't played the other two Telltale games (and the 400 Days intermediary piece), your time would be much better spent playing them, rather than this. If you loved those games as much as I did, however, you'll ignore all negative reviews and THEN play this game anyway... maybe you won't even be as disappointed in every other character not named Michonne as I was.The first season of The Walking Dead added punch and weight to your consequential life and death, ethical and moral decisions because of the presence of a small child in your care. I wrestled with my choices far longer than I would have in a game like Dragon Age or Mass Effect for fear of the impact on the excellently voiced little girl. I wasn't just playing for Lee, I was playing for Clementine.The second season placed you in the role of Clementine, and even though I found the conclusion muddy and uneven (depending on the ending you got; mine was a headscratcher), seeing the zombie apocalypse from the point of view of this weirdly expert child was novel and engaging to me. I'd become invested in her journey.Here in Michonne's tale we have the most visually iconic character of the The Walking Dead canon front and center. Though they couldn't get Danai Gurira to voice her, Samira Wiley does an excellent job. The cast as a whole, like previous games, creates a strong ensemble of voices. There are some truly excellent performances. The dialog felt naturalistic, like things a real person might say; however, the one-sentence descriptions the game gives you of your choices led me into some confusing turns of conversation. They pack so much interchange and well-directed camera cuts that I sometimes couldn't see how my choice was connected with where the story next went, though I was entertained enough to shrug and carry on.The whole of this first episode feels like the first half of one of those television pilots where characters are introduced in the first segment that you get no time to know; but, by the second commercial break there are a whole new set of people with more names to immediately forget. My game time is 95 minutes (as of this writing) on Steam, but five of those were making a sandwich. In that ninety minute running time, my only investment was in the faithful and effective portrayal of Michonne.This leads into a conceit that breaks one of the primary rules of The Walking Dead franchise: anyone can die.Except since this story is sandwiched in comic book canon and Michonne is in the title and all that, we know she can't possibly die; so, without investment in secondary characters or some larger, laudable goal, I didn't feel any motivation or jeopardy other than being directly antagonized by ""bad guys"". I didn't care if I saw any of the characters from the opening again. Furthermore, I didn't want to see half the characters they'd introduced in the second half of the episode at all.If the second episode connects me with some of these characters, I could see revising my review. Right now, though, I'd advise anyone who hasn't played TellTale Games's The Walking Dead seasons one and season two (yes, in that order) to play those instead.As for the people who've played the other two excellent TellTale games, nothing I'm going to write will stop you from playing this one. It looks far better than the previous games, though the hard black shading meant to mimic the comic book looks like multiple melanoma or a dark chocolate misfortune on several of the characters. Norma, in particular, was jarring and confusing to my eye, as if she'd had wrinkles tattooed on her wrinkles.I loved the song, all foot-stomping low-fi roots.Though The Walking Dead: Michonne had some excellent performances, cinematography and some badass machete play, it left me not wanting more, but empty from it passing right through me due to a lack of substantial characters to care about."
76561198132951500,Not Recommended,429570,23673646,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Laybunny,"First it should be said that I am a huge telltale game fan. I loved the entire Walking Dead series (both seasons), Tales of Borderlands, The Wolf Among us, everything. I've always loved the fascinating characters, story arcs, emotional scenes, humor (particularly in Borderlands), and everything else talltale has always had to offer. They really are a genre of thier own.Not so much this time.The Walking Dead: Michonne was probably the most disapointing telltale game I've played. While the characters were vaguely interesting and the plot wasn't bad, it was the actual amount of content that was dissapointing. The entire game took me maybe three hours to complete, with each episode barely being an hour. Keep in mind that each Borderlands episode took me two hours and sometimes more (and there was five episodes, making it a really solid game). I recgonize that this is a mini series but then the price should be cut drastically to match the gametime.Additionally, actual gameplay, although pretty decent wasn't the same compared to the other Walking Dead games and for me, it was because of emotional investment. At the end of Walking Dead Season 1, I was crying hysterically. I was so invested in Lee and Clem that the ending literally had me emotionally striken, and I left with tons of feelings even days after completing the game. After I finished Michonne, I kind of just stared at my screen and shrugged like, ""Alright."" I couldn't get very emotionally invested in the characters and it seemed as if the game was simply telling you who to get invested in and what to think. ""These are the bad guys, you are the good guys, they're gonna chase you, you gotta do things to save yourself but some will die, the end."" Whereas with Walking Dead Season 1 was more like, ""Hey, here is this kid named Benny, he is going to really suck sometimes so you can either take sympathy on the poor kid or you can completely screw him over, or do a combination of both or neither."" It was the same way with Kenny, Clem, and everyone else you made moral decisions about. The game didn't tell you to care about certain characters or view certain characters as strictly bad guys. It was up to you to make that decision for yourself.Overall, if this game was on sale (5~10) and you are a fan of talltale I'd still probably suggest you get it, but just keep in mind that it's not a very long game at all and you may not get as emotionally invested as you would playing Season 1 or Season 2."
,Not Recommended,429570,22223726,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"This comes as a owner from every single telltale title aside from literally one, the Minecraft Story Mode.If you are a telltale fan, this is a interesting title. But don't expect a full 3 episodes of the same length as the original.I am rewriting my review after the length of the second episode, and them having the same set of achievements for the final. These episodes feel halved, as the ones from Season 2 felt shorter. These feel even shorter.Wait for a sale if you are a Telltale or Walking Dead fan.Also a avid comic reader, them saying it is in the comic storyline is a selling point and literally NOTHING else.No mention of Ezekiel, or anything from the time line. Just a excuse to make a Michonne game for a cash grab.Potential it had, and Potential is wasted.Good game, not worth the price, and not worth the instant support as other telltale games had.For avid fans, this will be a irritating experience especially if they purchased at full price.If this is what we can expect for S3, it will be a disappointment. Get the act together Telltale."
,Not Recommended,429570,22277983,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dreamwalker,"My god... this game gives you NO freedom of choice, especially compared to the other Walking Dead games. There were so many things I wasnted to do but was not allowed to do. And so many times the game forced me into doing things I did not want to do. I would go into details, but I don't want to include any spoilers in this review. Suffice it to say, if you are looking for a game that gives you choices, this is not it."
,Not Recommended,429570,21594681,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Baraqyal,"The illusion of agency from earlier Telltale games is gone, replaced by a feeling of frustration as the choices you make have no effect on anything at all."
,Recommended,429570,23505742,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tom,"The Walking Dead: Michonne is a mini-series from the prominent point and click developers, Telltale Games. Releasing in February 2016, we follow the story of a sword-wielding woman called Michonne. The story is based on the comic books from the franchise. The game only includes three episodes which is much shorter than the other games in the Telltale catalogue.Gameplay wise, it is what you should come to expect from any Telltale game now, a gripping story where you have to make quick fire decisions when it comes to dialog and what actions to carry out. Throughout a couple of chapters you get multiple options which will really shape the way the rest of the game. Of course the quick time events make a return here, but they only appear in moments where you would expect and don’t make an appearance too often compared to the rest of the series.Most people will be playing this game for the story, and as someone who hasn’t read the comics or even watch much of the TV show, I have to say I really enjoyed following the story from beginning until conclusion. You are shown glimpse of memories of Michonne’s past throughout and it will leave you guessing until the end as to what will happen. You will encounter plenty of other characters along the way with whom you can develop relationships with depending on dialogue choices. Each of the three episodes are split into five or six easy to distinguish chapters as there is a clear cut off in scenes and when the story is about to take a different turn.The art style from Michonne is again, as you would expect from a Telltale game, the comic book look does the game complete justice, there is nothing fancy about them, and it just looks really good. From the animations of all of the characters movement, facial expressions and textures, this game looks brilliant. The voice acting is again top notch; I would expect nothing less from a Telltale game now. There were times when interacting with objects didn’t make a sound, but you anticipate it happening which did kind of knock me out of the immersion at points, but I was able to overlook that given the quality of the story being told.The Walking Dead Michonne took me just under five hours to complete. This is easily a game you can complete in an afternoon’s worth of time. I wouldn’t say there is any real difficulty to this game though; you are in it more for the ride rather than a game play experience. The lack of any “puzzles” or tricky action scenes may put a handful of people off unfortunately. You could always make the game a little more challenging by turning off any of the hints at the start if you did want that added layer of difficulty.  I’d say this title does have at least some replay ability in place – the key decisions you make throughout the story will reward you with different plot points and different endings.Sadly the game does come with a couple of technical issues. Firstly the loading times, every scene change requires a black screen of at least 10-15 seconds worth of loading, even on my SSD.  Secondly, the game will sometimes completely lock up and you just have to sit and wait for a good minute for it to actually sort itself out. This at times will give you a heart attack as you don’t really know when the last time you hit a checkpoint – just bit a little patient and any lock ups will usually sort them self out. Thankfully I didn’t actually get any hard crashes which sent me to desktop which I guess could be a saving grace in this day and age.I completely enjoyed my time playing through Michonne, no it doesn’t have the long story that the rest of the seasons have, but it’s not meant to.  This an evening’s worth of entertainment that is well worth the low price of £10.99. You’d spend that on 2 hours at a movie and to be honest you are going to get a more enthralling story from this game, along with the added replay ability. Telltale fans will have already played this game through by now, but even if you have a passing interest in point and click adventures or The Walking Dead franchise, this is worth both your time and money.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review sitehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/429570"
76561198025039506,Not Recommended,429570,22095023,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Chainsaw,"One hour 20 minutes to finish and that was with two pauses to hit the bathroom and get something to drink.  The story was interesting enough to follow, but that being said they should have just made it into an animated short and charged you two bucks on iTunes to watch it since your choices don't really affect the storyline that I could see.  Can't wait to get back to Clementine and the rest instead of being thrown this bone."
76561198007658156,Not Recommended,429570,22467741,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,zemcarthur,"I've loved the other Walking Dead games by Telltale.  They were solid stories that made me connect with the characters.  This has virtually none of that.  I've yet to see a choice really come back to me, and I definitely waited until Episode 2 came out to say that in case that different threads would start to come back together.  But if they have, I havent noticed it.Not the best money I've spent on games recently.  For $15 it was not worth it.  I'll make myself feel better by saying that I'm paying Telltake money back for the great work they did on the other TWD games since I bought them on sale.  Just don't keep making them like this, please."
,Not Recommended,429570,26438057,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ev0lutionz,"This is the first episodic Telltale game that I just cant recommend in good conscience.TL;DR:Cons:Too short considering the priceChoices basically don't matterExploration is kept to a minimum this timeHallucinations ruin the flow of the game and are aggrevatingPros:If you like the Telltale-Style and can see past the cons here's more to quench your thirstSome VERY satisfying momentsIn Detail:Now Telltale Games have always been more Interactive Movies than actual games, that for the most part merely gave you the Illusion of choice. So is and does this one.That's not my problem with it, I can dig that. At least the choices at the end of an episode somewhat matter and they usually present the Story very well so that I can forgive choices not having an actual impact.But in this particular one Michonne has hallucinations that last throughout the entire game.They are annoying, they are pointless and they completely break the flow of the game.When I am fighting for my life and suddenly everything is quiet and i see my daughters running around, that to me does not evoke any emotional response except for anger and thinking ""aww not this crap again!""I guess it was supposed to add to the story....somehow?! In my opinion, it completely fails to do so. It does not make me care about her daughters.It actually makes me hate them. Dumb things happen due to Michonne not moving because of her hallucinations.This lead to me being more angry than enjoying the story unfold before me.Furthermore, I know this is a mini series, and that's okay. But if you're gonna make it that short you should probably adjust the price you're asking for it. This game will last you about 4 hours. So if you want me to pay almost 4€ per hour of enjoyment it better be pretty damn good.This isn't, it's okay at best. Although i will admit that it has 2 or 3 instances where it is very satisfying!It is also worth noting that the cloud save does not seem to be working correctly. I had to replay most of Episode 1 because I quit inbetween and apparently it was never saved. Considering you cant even skip forward in conversations that was rather tedious.Lastly I actually got some major framedrops at parts, which is weird. Never had that in a Telltale game before and I'd think if my PC can handle DA: Inquisition, Witcher 3 and the likes it shouldnt have a problem with something like this.Overall, if you can look past the cons, you might want to pick it up on a sale. Otherwise I recommend skipping this one."
76561198021172065,Not Recommended,429570,30220801,Posted: 27 February,all,Rogue,"I cannot recommend this game simply because it is too short.  There is not enough time to connect with any of the characters that you meet.  The story is not very creative either.  The whole ""we need resources so we have to fight these mean people for them"" is getting rather old."
76561198216652847,Recommended,429570,22165197,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Laiperboy,Things I gave to The Walking Dead:1. Money2. Time3. LoveThings The Walking Dead gave me:1. QQQQQQQQQQQQ  E2. WSAD E
,Not Recommended,429570,22657449,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,porphyria alpha,"After finishing the last episode i must say TWD: Michonne was pretty much a disappointment. I am not saying it was a bad game, but it was definitely bad Telltale title. Probably one of the worst and sure not worth it's money due to the fact that you can complete the whole series in about 4 hours and the game itself have no replay value because this time choices really does not matter at all. Yes, in TT games we got used to that ilusion of choice but this time it even feels offensive have this much lack of proper choice and how it matters. And while being comic fan for a long time i can't say this game brings something new to the TWD universe because there are no references to the comic book and nothing that will happen actually matter or connect with it (that's why you simply can't care more what's happening to Michonne here). Simply put, this game looks more like an excuse to make some cash before TWD Season 3. But even tho, the action in game looks pretty much cinematic and thrilling (but with the same engine it's still feels a little bit chubby and awkward). It's a good game for one evening and better take it when it's going to be on sale. Or if you are looking for better TT game experience i suggest getting Tales from the Borderlands or GoT game."
,Not Recommended,429570,21415519,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nadtsu,"First of all: I am writing this review as a big fan of the whole TWD franchise. So this text isn't made by a stubborn hater who has no clue about the topic at all. To clearify this: I really liked the comic series and at least the first seasons of the TV show. I especially loved the first game and even if it was a bit less awesome, I enjoyed TWD season 2 by Telltale as well. So I gladly purchased the Michonne spin off the moment I saw it and got really excited about this.So now, after playing the first episode in about one and a half hour, I sadly have to say, that I can't recommend it. At least not if I keep in mind how blown away I was by other TT games - above all TWD season one. I shed tears, I laughed, I had to make hard decisions,I watched the characters grow and I saw them leaving the stage for good. Also, even if the ending never really differs, I felt like my choices mattered in a way.And not to forget I felt like playing an actual GAME.But here? The characters have the potential to make you feel with them, but the storytelling was way less intense than in the previous games. Everything felt rushed and shallow. Also, it didn't feel like a game anymore. No real puzzles, no activity at all. You barely do anything more than pressing Q und E in way too many quicktime events and rush trough dialogues where your choices and answers don't seem to matter in a single possible way. Instead you only thing you see is an achievement every 10-20 minutes popping out for doing nothing than clicking the skip button, leaving you wondering how the past minutes count as a chapter of a story that intends to be exciting. The cliffhanger itself isn't that bad, but the teaer of the next episodes spoilers enough content for you to not be excited about how the conflict will end.The art stlye and music are very similar to the previous games and therefore appealing to me. But as TWD always was heavily storydriven, these facts don't really influence the general impression.Again, I am a fan. Of both, TT and TWD. This is why it's hard for me to write these lines. BUT I am off the opinion that the players have the right to expect some quality time for the money they spend. In this case, this just isn't given to me. Maybe you are better of buying the whole game at a high discount price in the far future. And if you didn't play the other TWD, just do it. Now. I myself plan on playing the first season a second time soon and probably feel nostalgic and overwhelmed by the magical feeling it provides all over again. TWD Michonne had ALL the right material to let people feel that exact same way when playing. But at the very moment, for what this game is, I think you rather don't."
,Not Recommended,429570,22708790,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Andrew 林,"Disappointing. A few exciting scenes can't save an overall tedious cliche plot.Pros- Michonne is one of the more bad♥♥♥♥♥characters in TWD universe.- Decent graphics and soundtrack.Cons- Flashbacks about her children almost every few minutes- Cookie-cutter disposable side characters.- ""X will remember that"". Yeah, for like 5 minutes before they die.- Your choices don't really affect much, General outcome is the same in the end."
,Not Recommended,429570,21419512,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,InsertValue,"***Updated some sections to provide more context.****This game might get better. But right now I cannot recommend it.You have almost no control over your character. There are 2 areas in the game were you can walk around a bit (really only a bit). The rest of the game the only thing you do is choose a dialog option and do some quick time events. I would have wished there are more areas were I can controll my character and explore the game at my own pace.The choices do not matter at all (go through windows or take ladder is one BIG choice, seriously?). In TWD season one there are some options that result in which character lives - granted the choices were never very significant - but this feels like an all-time low.Furthermore the character development does not happen we switch between different areas too fast and get seperated from characters to often to built up any meaningfull relationship or get to know the characters a bit. This leads to emotional scenes not having the impact they should have.And worst if you suceed in a quick time event or not does not matter for at least 3 events were I failed. Example: press down so Michonne ducks but if you don't guess what happens: she ducks. Press Y and Michonne gives Randall a headbutt but if you don't press Y she gives him.... you get the idea.I loved all other Telltale games, played through TWD Season 1 3 times, loved Borderlands, 400 days, TWD Season 2 - you name it. But this one - I cannot recommend right now.I hope it gets better but as this is a mini-series only 2 episodes to go."
,Not Recommended,429570,22658474,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,100% GERMAN POWER,"I want to like this game, I really do, but I can't. If you played The Walking Dead Seasons 1 and 2, be prepared to be very disappointed with this mini series.For one thing, the main selling point of this game, also known as ""choices"" do absolutely nothing. They are entirely superficial and do nothing to impact gameplay in any matter. I spent the entire game trying to look out for any impact of my choices, but there was close to almost nothing.What little impact my choices had, was entirely superficial as well. For example, depending on your choices on the last episode, some of your ""group"" may or may not be killed. But the thing is, I'm not even given the chance to talk to them, much less even get attached to them. So when a particular member was shot, I just stared at the screen with the ""Oh, so that happens. Okay."" emotion rather than the ""OH GOD HE GOT SHOT NOOO"" emotion.And that is another point I want to criticise as well: No character development with almost all characters. Maybe except for Pete and Sam, but for the rest, you almost can't even speak to them a single sentence.The ending ""choice"" is based on your decision to stay with your daughters or not, which I find is  the most ridiculous decision of them all. The ""daughters"" have been nothing but an annoyance so far for me, popping up at the most inopportune times to almost get me killed. What's more annoying about these ""daughters"" is that the hallucinations randomly flash here and there from time to time, and it HEAVILY breaks the immersion for me. So when it came to the ""finale"" choice on whether or not to ditch these annoying little buggers to escape a BURNING HOUSE, well... F yeah I'll ditch them in a heartbeat! This greatly disappointed me because the finale was suppose to be the hardest decision to make in the entire game!I tried really hard to like this game, I really did. But if I had less than 2 hours of gameplay, thus fulfilling the refund requirements, I would refund it."
,Recommended,429570,32913792,Posted: 27 June,all,Pablo,"As someone who loves Telltale Games and multiple choice games in general, the reason why I purchased this game is pretty much obvious, however, I expected much much more from TT than they delivered.Here are some good and bad things about this episode of the series.Pro's:—Decisions have a somewhat bigger effect on the story than other games in the series.—It’s simple and easy to play and understand, even if your new to the series.—Lots of hard choices.—Great art style, as always.—Great story.—It's brutal and plays with your feelings.Con’s:—Too short. Finished it in about 12 hours.—It's expensive given how short it is.—UI has bugs and glitches.—No controller support.—Not enough interactive events; They were great, they were just not enough.—Spoiler:Michonne seeing her daughters all the time was overdone, annoying and frustrating, as if they tried to pull off something similar to what happens to Cobb (Inception) but failed.In conclusion, I still feel it’s a really good game but if you're not sure about buying it because of how pricey it is, do think twice.Great game, could've been done better.8.2/10"
76561198163919253,Not Recommended,429570,22382719,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Preeb,"I liked the game and all, but there are two things I did not like about it. The first is that the story moves a bit too quick. You meet characters and then you lose them quickly. You meet new people and It's over quickly. So on and so on. Another thing is that it is just too damn short for the price of $15. Hell if you made it $5 they would still make a massive amount of profit, even if Gaben took half of it for his Snicker's bar collection. It was just a bit dissapointing because of this. I want to know when the other walking dead games with Clementine are being made?"
,Recommended,429570,21413899,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lifestalker,"Pretty damn good. If you liked the other The Walking Dead games, you'll love this. Everything is back, and everything is better, the graphics and the animations are all so much smoother, more colorful and nice to look at, and to top it all off the choices are so much harder, you almost can't make a choice without thinking about what consequences it had. I did find out that you can die, and then just restart, which seemed kinda odd. Other than that, it's really good.Episode 1 took around 1 hour and 20 minutes to complete.If you can't wait, go and buy it now, but if you're willing to wait, I would suggest waiting for another or all of the episodes to come out.I will update my review as more episodes come."
,Not Recommended,429570,28174035,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Raaawr,"The recipe is getting old, and as Telltale doesn't improve themselves in any way, it's becoming hard to justify playing these games as opposed to watching a let's play of it.Choices don't make much of a difference, and since Michonne is a well-established character, with her own distinct personality, some choices can just feel character-breaking. The fans know who Michonne is and what to expect from her!As for the story itself? Nothing you haven't seen before in the previous episodes. Even the characters feel like clones of characters you have seen before, but with a different skin-job. I know that this is the zombie apocalypse, but if you cannot do something fresh with this narrative, why don't you just stop milking this cow?I mentioned above that Telltale doesn't improve themselves. That's because, to be blunt, this game's gameplay sucks, which is almost scandalous considering that it is not their first rodeo.As one would expect, the game still relies on QTE, and yet, it somehow manages to do it with the most lazy controls in modern history:- playing with a gamepad? You can't tune the stick's sensibility. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not! Either the option does not exist, or it is pretty damn well hidden (if so, congratulation, because tracking down this option is the only real challenge this game will offer you!) What is this? 2005?- playing with a keyboard and mouse combo? Then, be aware that while it uses wasd for movement, the game controls as if you were using an analog stick in all sequences. No big deal, but wait, there is more...- if you play with keyboard and mouse and your country doesn't use a qwerty layout, you will be stuck with a non-sensical button layout since the game assumes that your keyboard does have a qwerty layout! Of course, you can use the maj+alt shortcut to fix this temporarily, but then, you will be faced with another issue: the buttons the game tells you to press during QTE and the button you actually have to press won't always match! A freaking disgrace in 2016.- lastly, if you own a steam controller and wish to use the hybrid controls to get the best of both worlds, forget it since moving your mouse makes some button prompts disappear, and some commands that are mapped on the left click with a mouse are sometimes mapped to A, and sometimes to right trigger and you won't be able to tell which is which.Of course, those mapping issues are small and hardly deal-breakers, but when your game has barely any gameplay and when your issues are pitfalls developers have been aware of and have known how to avoid for over a decade, it's hard to forgive.Add to that the fact that there is no real penalty for death, that choices don't have real consequences, and that gameplay still relies on mindless button-mashing, and you are left to wonder why Telltale insists on making games when they clearly have little to no interest in putting the 'game' back in 'video-game'.This was not a big deal in TWD 1 and 2, but TWD:Michonne is just not good enough to compensate for those pitfalls.TLDR: I don't recommend buying this game because the 'gameplay' just distracts from the story, and neither gameplay nor storyline bring anything fresh or interesting on the table for those already familiar with the franchise. If you haven't already, you are better off playing the first and second seasons of the franchise. Also, proper controls mapping is still too hard for Telltale."
,Not Recommended,429570,22496914,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[KG] Wintermute,"I really liked the other ones, but this one is just too short. Even 400 days had more playtime. Really disappointed. No character development whatsoeover."
,Not Recommended,429570,22845925,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Raptorz,"It is really hard to rate this game.I really like the graphic, soundtrack and the playstyle,but it's way to short for 15€.On top of that, your choices don't affect much."
,Not Recommended,429570,22654021,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,El fideo rubio,"-No evolution in the gameplay, same concept, choices don't make an impact, exploration is there god knows why, and of course press Q and E and cut everyone's limbs off.-Appealing story, that is at first, then you get to meet the secondary character and pfft...it is bland to say the least , I was bored on my FIRST PLAYTHROUGH.-Jaded with so many action scenes honestly I can't fight for characters I don't care about, or for a non existing cause other than to survive.-And oh boy oh boy, I have NEVER EVER EVER used the silence option more in a telltale game, and that's because the dialogs are trash, michonne has such an inner strength and then you feel like that dialog doesn't match the character's personality."
,Recommended,429570,21412421,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ChrisG,"Review after first EP,As a viewer of the tv series and a reader of the comics i really enjoyed the first EP.If you know the comics you may or may not have already asked yourselfwhat happenedduring that timeline were Michonne was (on tour).For me it`s a nice addition for that part.The controls are like the other games, clear and easy. A little Combo-QTE surprised me a bit.Like the other TT-TWD Games it`s again full of CEL blood and nice gore SHADING,if ya know what i mean.I really like the soundtrack, In- and Outro. It has something and fits good.We all know that the story is again already written and can only changed in small parts by you.At the end of first EP i kinda felt i should have used the other way.On the other side, it`s a Mini-Story and may has no sequel so i could be totally wrongand it will have many different endings. We will see.I finished the first EP in arround 1,5h while enjoying everything without rush.All 3 episodes could be arround 4-5h then. That`s enough for that price i say.Now let`s wait for the next EP...9/10 for now"
76561198063426606,Not Recommended,429570,26289659,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Morticuna,"The game, in short, is about Michonne's days on the seas. It's essentially telling what's happened inbetween the panels of the comics. Right away their boat gets stuck and they row out to a nearby ferry. Hijinks - meet new characters you won't care about - Oh noes - Antagonists show up and from there on it's just one forced conflict after the next.Pros:+ If you're really into telltale games then... Here's another oneCons:- Choices don't seem to matter at all- Barely move around or investigate- Stupid choices you get to to make that are no-brainers- Annoying ""hallucinations""- Flat sociopath villain. He's not the first one and he won't be the last- Don't think you can skip anything - can't remember if you could with the other games, but I think you should be able to regardless- No replay valueIn the end I'm just trying to figure out who this game was for and who would enjoy it.I've read the comics, I've played all the games, I've watched up til season 3 or 4 of the series (though it shouldn't matter) and this game really felt like nothing. I wouldn't have bought it if it wasn't on sale, but eventhough I only paid £2.70-ish for it, I'd suggest not getting it unless you somehow get it even cheaper.I haven't even mentioned the best part, Michonne is my favourite character of the entire franchise!... and this game still didn't do anything for me. It wasn't even horrible, it was just completely unnecessary and it didn't add anything of value to the franchise. Meeting the characters in this game was meh, the action was meh, and the ending was meh. Nothing resolved, nothing learned. In two days from now I won't remember having played this game.If you played it and enjoyed it I'm happy for you, you got your monies worth.I didn't though."
,Not Recommended,429570,30352827,Posted: 6 March,all,sabata2,"There is only one scenario where I will recommend this product:If you are a fan of the Walking Deadtelevision showcomics, AND you have onlyseenread up to a point where Michonne leaves the group *AND* the game is on sale.As a Telltale game, this is a buggy mess. Even so far after release.As an Episodic game, this game clocks in at only 4 hours across all 3 episodes. (my playtime is longer because I lost my cloud save in which I had beaten the first episode)As a Walking Dead game, you connect with *NONE* of the characters, and have very little emotional investment in the one you play as.As a Video Game, it has graphical glitches galore, lost my initial play file, and froze on me twice in the final episode.This game fails on all cylinders.After greatly enjoying the first two Walking Dead games, and finding Wolf Among Us and Game of Thrones enjoyable, I was completely and utterly let down by this game. I would return it if I could. But I'll just settle for stashing it in my ""never again"" category in my library."
76561198023314797,Not Recommended,429570,21615591,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BrickMurder,"Boring. Im a huge fan so it sucks to say, this was very short, no suspense, no character development and worst of all, really no choices. Im so disapointed, i feel unfulfilled. The first walking dead was a masterpiece, this felt very rushed. I cant beleive ive already played the first chapter. Here's to hoping the second is better. Comeon guys."
,Not Recommended,429570,32734136,Posted: 24 June,all,Nosferatu,"I don't recommend this game at a $15. It isdefinitely notworth $15.It's a nice side-story from the other Walking Dead series of games, despite being only 3 episodes long. Being 3 episodes long is why it's not worth $15. I bought it on sale for $4 and I don't regret it.No you don't have to know any characters before starting the game, though Michonne is from the TV series.The choices felt pretty meh like A New Frontier. You're forced to watch the intro AND outro credits to every episode, so you have to either sit there and watch it for 4 minutes or play on your phone for that time. Pretty annoying, but I only payed $4 so I didn't expect much."
76561197969417125,Not Recommended,429570,23001874,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Well, I suppose it had to happen eventually. I've played five fantastic games in a row from Telltale that I really enjoyed, but now they've finally released a game that was a disappointment to me. Michonne is one of my favourite characters in the TV show, and I thought it would be cool to play as her, so why did I not like this game?•	Telltale's games have always had limited ""gameplay"" (for example the QTE based combat), but they usually make up for it with an entertaining story. This game's story was kinda boring.•	None of the supporting characters were interesting. There isn't really any explanation for who they are or what they're trying to do. This game is linked to the comics storyline, which I've never read, so maybe I've missed something. But the consequence was that I never cared about any of them. And if I don't care whether the characters live or die, the main strength of The Walking Dead disappears.•	The game is extremely short, at 3.5 hours. Yeah, I know its a mini series. But there are 3 episodes, so the length should be almost double. Tales From The Borderlands and Game of Thrones were roughly 2 hours per episode. The Walking Dead season 2 was 1.5 hours per episode. If the episodes were longer, the above two points might not have been a problem, because the story could be more complex and there would be more time to get to know the characters.•	Telltale's games usually force the player to make tough choices that affect the story. This game doesn't really have that. The only significant choices here are ""should I kill the bad guy or let him live?"", which is never a choice for me. (The answer is always yes, otherwise they'll just try to kill you again later).•	The extremely rare occasions that you get to walk around and explore are a waste of time. Most of the places where you can interact with the environment are pointless, because Michonne just stares silently at the object for 5 seconds and then moves on. These interaction points are supposed to be an opportunity to hear the main character's thoughts and learn more about a character or the world.•	Most action sequences have a completely unnecessary black bars / letterboxing effect that covers roughly 1/3 of the screen. I guess its supposed to look ""cinematic"", but I just think it looks stupid.I guess if you wait for a deep sale there are worse ways to spend an afternoon, but ultimately you won't miss anything if you skip it. Hopefully this is just a temporary blip in form for Telltale."
,Not Recommended,429570,29387793,Posted: 20 January,all,SPH4E,"Remember me saying that Telltale games are always great? Yea...except this one. You won't see me finishing this game. Don't get me wrong, their job is awesome but the story is quite boring. I even love Michonne in the TV show but this is just bad."
76561198010152936,Not Recommended,429570,21432691,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Lionheart,"In all honesty, I know this is a mini series but the length of this episode is just a joke. In 2.2 hours I finished the first episode twice.. The first time took about 80 minutes and the second about an hour when I knew what I was doing.The story is neat so far however there has been little to no character development, I don't feel particularly attached to anyone and that's a bad thing, that really is one of the only things the TTG have going for them.I am giving TWD: Michonne a downvote at this stage as I believe the game is not worth the money you are paying for it, I will review my rating after the next episode.Pros:Action sequences are funVoice acting is goodCons:Episode 1 felt rushed and was far too shortMichonne's dialogue options feel  heavily weighted towards aggressive responses as a result of being based off her comic book characterRating 2/5"
,Not Recommended,429570,24959907,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[51]tEcALLAI -Mari ❤,"Meh.As a big telltale fan this game was a huge dissapointment and it is by far the weakest game in The Walking Dead series.It took me almost a month to complete even if it's the shortest of this games because the game is just not fun.I hate to say it but I CAN'T recommend this game to anyone, and the only reason to play it is if you liked the other Walking Dead games and you are curious but you will be let down. Don't expect a cool story, or relatable characters, or anything you won't get any of that with this."
,Not Recommended,429570,32839858,Posted: 26 June,all,EminemHitman,"1. It was extremely short, most of the time I have logged is from having it paused while I was doing something else.2. The choices were just about meaningless, no matter who remembered what or what you chose it always seemed like it was going to go a certain way3. There really isn't much time to connect with the characters, even Michonne.4. There is ZERO tie in to ANY of the other TTG Walking Dead gamesThis game is entirely worth skipping unless you can get this for under $4.  Even then it would be less than $1 per hour of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,429570,26201974,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,avec_style,Seems like Telltale has lost it.The walking dead games were good. The episodes of this game felt short and what bugged me the most was that I didn't feel like I was in control of the story.Quick time events were horrible by the way.
76561197991756666,Recommended,429570,25527429,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"aaawwww i loved iti completed the 2 walking dead telltale part 1 & 2 a while back;playing this stoked my appreciation & how i forgot my playtime on those 1st 2 releases.I absolutely loved MICHONNE & rushed through it wanting WHAT?Part 3 of the telltale's the walking dead. gimme gimme gimme :)call this my filler or in-between game as i wait.A few interesting notes;-is it because this game is shorter? it seems there is more action here!satisfying amount of action for me, i prefer shootersis it because that's how it is with zombies? I am keen to believe either.-Michonne is quite the proficient warrior-opportunity here for morally drenched decision making(like the first 2 releases)or ""cut to the chase"" action.-Michonne is freshly introduced to us gamers here though she is mentioned in previous walking dead comics.I recommend highly,if you're purchasing now or later & liked any of telltale's walking dead releases.Though shorter this is definitely adrenalised.Pick it up now or later,waiting for discount or ""trade"",a ""must have"".Digging for the correct words for you;acquire this it's good.Game On"
,Recommended,429570,22663454,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Burn,"Some players say that in the TellTale games choices don't really matter, which is somewhat true, but that is not the point of their games. I think what matters is the way those choices make the player feel at the moment. In hindsight one can play several times through the story and see that the choices don't really matter, but when the player experiences it for the first time, the player doesn't know what will happen or what the outcome is going to be. That what makes these games good - feeling that the choices matter as they are happening, not after the fact. TellTale made once again a good game that is bordering on being a movie.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632070926http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=631601475Unlocked all achievements!"
,Not Recommended,429570,22249034,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,willynetros,I'm not sure if its coincidence or not but seriously disappointing season finale by AMC and now a short♥♥♥♥♥episode 2? I am not sure if Walking dead is really trying anymore. Diehard fan since 2012 but this is just ridiculous.$15 for short 3 episodes is not worth it.
76561197974126374,Not Recommended,429570,31791897,Posted: 16 May,all,fitzryder,"I am a fan of Telltale Games.  Walking Dead Seasons 1 and 2, Wolf Among Us, Tales of the Borderlands, and even the Sam and Max games (with other ones on my wish list)But I found this game, well, disappointingIt is short (about a little over 4 hours), so if you buy it, wait for a sale.The first issuse I had were the Quick Time Events.  This has the worst case of using them I have even seen.Mash the Q key, then quick hit the E key RIGHT AWAY (opps your dead), then retry, Mash Q key, hit the E key, then start mashing the Q key again (opps your dead)  and so on....(It's almost as if keyboard companies paid Telltale for the Q key Mashing, so they could sell replacement keyboards)And QTE stuff starts right at the start of the game.Second, in other Telltale games, you get some ""feelings"" for characters.  This game I didn't care for anyone.  Even Michonne, who is a badass Zombie killer (and even humans), but the constant PTSD events she has, were very, very annoying."
76561198281523602,Not Recommended,429570,22655683,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,NuttyDazman,"Being a fan of previous telltale games, the walking dead season 1 and 2 were fantastic and this one was just plain terrible, not a lot of characters that i liked and it was short and boring, please telltale next time you do this, actually do good and dont rush it ok? Please....."
,Not Recommended,429570,22220655,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Karasique,"- The game is boring: you don't actually play it anymore -- you watch the movie instead, solve super-easy Quick Time Events and choose between ""harsh"", ""moderate"" and ""soft"" phrases in dialogues;- Choices don't really matter and virtually all you have to do is to <strike>follow the damn train, CJ</strike> choose between the left or right roads pointing to the same direction;- The storyline is plain, ""hollywood"" style, and kind of getting old: there's you, a bad guy, another bad guy which turns out to be not so bad, a bunch of weak crybabies, and the complete story is about whether they are able to ""rise above"" themselves or not;- Don't have much to say about the visuals -- the graphics is a kind of authentic and looks okay, but the face and body animation doesn't.I mean, come on, Telltale, you can't do this forever (or can you?). Make some intensive rather than extensive development for once."
,Recommended,429570,21412598,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,'ᏕᎧᏰᎥᏋᏕᏦᎥ.. 💕🐾,The walking dead is backthis one is awesomethe main character is interestingslicing zombies head is awesometotally worth it
,Not Recommended,429570,24551952,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DragonSlayer,"Way too short (3hrs) for the price (USD$15). Price aside the short nature also disallows a deep connect to the characters like other Telltale games.Also has absolute bs choices, there is a young female character you meet at the start and you that forced to assist the entire story.Save yourself the money and just watch a let's play on YouTube  you'll get the same experience."
,Recommended,429570,32332945,Posted: 10 June,all,JetFred,"Brutal, chaotic, and generally out of control.  I'm referring to the plot AND the gameplay.  Whole sections go by with nothing but dialog choices, others with nothing but quick time events.  But if you know to expect that from Telltale Walking Dead, and you just want more, it's worth playing.  Out of Season 1, 400 Days, Season 2, and this, this ranks lowest.  That doesn't mean it's bad, but I didn't connect with the story very much because it just felt like I was watching crap happen to a bunch of new people and nothing redeeming ever brings it back to center.  I also felt less like the decisions changed much, but I may just be really used to how the series works now.  The best things were the production value, music, and art design, so at least you know what you're getting.  The worst thing was that I really enjoyed the same opening titles all three times more than anything else in the game."
,Recommended,429570,32629729,Posted: 21 June,all,PhoenixFS,"As a die hard Walking Dead fan, it's obvious as to why I purchased this game, the other reason is because I'm quite a fan of Telltale's style - I know that's not a super popular opinion but what can I say.This game has it's pro's and con's just as many other games do.Pro's:- It's brutal and plays on your feelings.- It’s chaotic and all over the place.- It's a lot more interactive that the other Telltale games I've played so far (Walking Dead Season 1 & 2, Minecraft: Storymode).- It’s simple and intriguing.- Sometimes you need to make hard choices.- I will personally play it multiple times.Con’s:- Personally, I feel the game may be a bit pricey for what it is, it’s short (Yes, I know it’s aMiniseries) and you sometimes go through patches of just dialogue and no interactive segments.- It’s chaotic and all over the place (Yes, I listed this as a Pro too).- It’s probably too short: I clocked 101 hours in Season 1 of the Walking Dead (Yes, you read that right). Despite playing it at least thrice, I find it fun every time. I don’t Michonne will top that.- Not enough interactive segments; and the interactive segments were great, sometime you had to pull of combo’s but there just wasn’t enough.Overall, I still feel it’s a great game but if you don’t want to feel cheated out of your money be sure to buy it when it’s on sale, otherwise it’s just not worth the cash – not unless you’re going to play it multiple times that is."
76561198256158173,Not Recommended,429570,22796023,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lia,"When I saw this game I was so excited but now I'm just disappointed. I wasn't expect a great story and great characters like the first one, but this...  I couldn't feel anything for characters. I'm not even sorry for dying characters.Weak story.Weak characters.Weak game."
,Recommended,429570,21468169,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,9.1/10 - Telltale Brings Our Favorite Character To Life!I was extremely skeptical about this game since it's about a character we are intimately familiar with. The game is really strong though; there was no time to ease into things... come ready to play. I only wish this episode lasted more than 2 hours; price does include 2 future episodes though.Playing as Michonne was as rewarding as I imagined; although I lacked a samurai sword my machete was a close substitute! Your choices impact which group you choose and the events that will unfold. There was only 2 times when you have full control of your character; but telltale makes up for this with their brilliant template and amazing story telling.Worth the $15; can’t wait for Episodes 2-3!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed
76561198000861562,Recommended,429570,23089944,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Z0mBi3,"This is a point & click spin-off miniseries from Telltale in the walking dead universe. What makes the miniseries different is that it contains 3 episodes instead of 5 (or in some cases 6) in a season. The price is however cheaper, since there's less content. Michonne is a well-known character if you've watched the TV-show the walking dead or read the comics. This story takes place between issues 126-139 in the comic book.After playing the other walking dead games (season 1, DLC 400 days, season 2) I immediately recognized the gameplay and style, in a good and a bad way. I'm getting somewhat tired of the QTE (quick time events) even though they have improved them in terms of sound and animation. The camera can be a little off sometimes and moving around feels clunky.What Telltale games are good at though is the story part, so let me explain that. Michonne is hallucinating about her kids and thinking back into the past. Every now and then you'll get a flashbacks and get parts from the backstory. Michonne tries to fight these hallucination while struggling with zombies and trying to get her and her crew to stay alive. I think the story started out a little boring, but halfway into the first episode things took off and it got very exciting towards the end of the first episode.Voice-acting is good as expected with telltale games. Michonne is a badass character, just like in the show and comics. The problem with this miniseries format however is that the side-characters doesn't really get your attention. It's such a short game that I can't remember any of their names, even though they had good voice-acting and fit well. That makes some decision less powerful and simply flat. That might be the biggest downside to this short story.Graphics haven't changed a bit from what I can see. It's another Telltale game. I really wish that they could upgrade the engine more to make the story more engaging and believable. It's okay, but could be much better in terms of details, facial-expressions, etc. I really liked the music in this game, so much that I have to go look it up.Every episode is only about 1 hour long, so you can finish the entire game in 3-4 hours. Whether or not that is worth the asking price is a difficult question to answer. It's a decent game that telltale-fans will surely enjoy, as well as story-driven players that wan't something more focused on story then gameplay. If you are not certain, wait for a sale. For the walking dead fans this is something that will distract them from the wait of season 3, while also giving them more backstory about the world and different characters. Not a brilliant game, but a quite good story that kept me playing until the end."
,Not Recommended,429570,22683803,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ryne,-Very short and boring with hardly any interaction. Telltale did a aweful job on this one.
76561197967112346,Not Recommended,429570,23321723,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Macurack,"NOT what I expected after playing the other walking dead games. TOO SHORT and your choices don\'t seem to matter. The plot seems to be pretty linear. Bought this on sale, still feel cheated."
,Recommended,429570,32800867,Posted: 25 June,all,SHADAP,much more interactive than the previous games
,Recommended,429570,31323739,Posted: 23 April,all,PlasmaWasp,"This game isn't shining as much as its predecessors, but it's still very nice and fun! It has its flaws and it has its bright moments! I made a short video showing both. (I was trying not to show any spoilers) -->PlasmaWasp's Video Review of The Walking Dead: MichonneI am in love with the intro song! It made so strong impression on me! ""...Why did love put a gun in my hand? In my bed, in my head, in my hand..."" (Dorothy - Gun In My Hand)This game has jump scares! I didn't expect it at all, but it made me scream ""a bit"" ;) Also, despite the dramatic story and brutal environment it contains some funny situations.Most of the quick time combat events were boring in comparison with the first two Walking Dead games. Slowly pressing buttons over and over made me wish someone could do it for me.. No challenge at all. It got a bit better in the second chapter, where it was a combination of pressing buttons and searching around using directional pad on a controller/moving mouse and then pressing buttons really fast. I prefer this kind of combat. It forces you to be aware of your surroundings.What really disappoints me is the crazy long waiting while loading. The previous Walking Dead games had no problems with loading screens. None of the games I play are loading for so long... Not even the newest very demanding PC games. It's not ok to wait 1-3 minutes to be able to continue playing.Last thing I didn't really like was how the game tried to force me to feel something for people who weren't part of the story for most of the time. Adding short ""2 weeks earlier"" scene almost in the end of the game won't make a big difference. In my opinion it was absolutely unnecessary!I hope I didn't sound too negative. I really had fun with this game. I understand it's not easy to keep the quality line high enough after the first two absolutely amazing Walking Dead games.Recommended! Line up for your short but brutal Walking Dead experience!"
76561198353463079,Not Recommended,429570,33114038,Posted: 1 July,all,Flankar,"The storyline is pretty shallow and the gameplay is very linear.  I had played the first two seasons of the walking dead before playing this and I noticed that this game had fewer open areas and fewer choices.  Many times I wondered, why am I asked to click on this when it's the only choice and why are they giving me so much time to do it?  The storyline isn't nearly as rich as the walking dead series and I didn't feel attached to the characters at all.  The last episode was particularly poorly written.  The recurring theme for the main character carries on the the point of being very annoying, repeating the same sort of scene over and over again without adding anything substantial to the story.  It really felt like filler.  Also, in the final scene the players acted in ways that just isn't beliveable and hang around extremely dangerous areas carrying on dialogue that would be more suited to a cozy couch in a livingroom.  The only way I would recommend you buy this is if it's on sale and you want to buy it because you love the series and want to finish this one for the sake of completeness."
,Not Recommended,429570,29772616,Posted: 7 February,all,adam1224,"The reference point for this review is the usual quality of Telltale games, and in comparison TWD Michonne falls behing a lot in various departments - feel free to skip on this game, or buy it with a deep discount.The game is plagued by bad design choices, and sub-par production values. Did the usual storywriter team go for a vacation, and interns wrote the story and script for the game?The game was completed in 2016, 4 years after the first game, and yet it still have same problems - black screen on start if controller is connected, invisible then popping textures (like a gun in a hand) and flickering actors. But Michonne topped this with incredible amounts of continuity problems, forced ""cinematic"" black bars during action sequences, mind-numbingly one-dimensional cliché characters - the badass protagonist, the naive good hearted sidekick, ""the Governor"", the sociopath, the overeager footsolder who starts a fight, the angsty teen, etc etc. At one point you can save one of your friends, and I thought I need to choose one of the 3. I couldn't even name 2 out of the 3 and I couldn't tell more than 2 sentences bout the third one either. They are cardboard cutouts.The story in short: teens steal stuff, people in power go after them to take their stuff, so now they are the bad guys. At one point the thief girl called out the ""baddies"" as aggressors and why they can't leave them alone. Yes, this is the level of storywriting in the game.Also the playeable character repeatedly teleports during actions (look at an item from the left, manipulate from the left, scene ends and you're standing 3 metres to the right.) so the programming department also made their mark on the game. I really can't recommend this game. Story is stale, characters are nonexistant, and the game wants to convince me that I should care about TWO groups of people, while the 3 chapters are not even enough to get to know them, not to mention to spend time and bond with them.  TWD: Michonne is average as an adventure game, but a despicable mock of a proper Telltale game. ( I'll write a few of the mentioned contuinity errors in a comment, they will be free of story elements)"
,Not Recommended,429570,22784821,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"Michonne is a mediocre entry into The Walking Dead body of work. It requires little to no thinking compared to the other games in the series, and the emotional impact is largely missing. The game basically plays itself.The biggest problem is really by comparison. Looking at a single episode of The Walking Dead Season 1 or 2, or another high quality Telltale game like The Wolf Among Us, Michonne is really lacking in meaningful choices. While there might be mini, immediate consequences to your actions, they don't last. The branching paths of the story seem to be glued together, coming apart for only for brief moments to give you the barest illusion of control. For a company that prides itself on making these sorts of games, Telltale seems to have forgotten the single most important aspect: agency.Lacking that, the game should have at least told a good story. Sadly there were only a few lazy attempts at evoking feelings for Michonne's backstory. The primary driving action happening in the current timeline was a rote recitation of any equally forgettable story set in the The Walking Dead universe.The graphics and sound are standard fare if you've played anything by Telltale before. No surprises there. Although I will say that the update with third episode improved the visuals slightly compared to the first and second parts. The controls are equally similar and unnoteworthy.If you are a huge fan of The Walking Dead and/or Telltale and you've already played everything else then it's probably worth a quick playthrough. But for the average gamer it's not worth a second glance."
,Recommended,429570,35206880,Posted: 25 September,all,F4rseeR,"The Walking Dead Michonne, a shorter Telltale series with less of a plot and more of the effects, less of a drama and yet the same tension you can expect in a Walking Dead game. Truth is, the only thing that makes this game stand out is its main character, whose name  is right up there in the title. The pacing of the episodes is fairly good, while the length of those is shorter than an hour, with a total of 3 episodes. The narrative comes full circle with some pauses, hallucinations that the main character can't escape and the only thing that it stops her from taking out the entire horde of walkers.Frankly, without Michonne, the game is nothing special, nothing you haven't seen before, nothing that a 15 year old can't make up in his first draft of their fan fiction. Michonne, however, is a breath of fresh air, a satisfying breath I might weirdly add. Machete being her weapon of choice, she gets up close and personal and massacres the walker one by one, even reins them up at some point to pass through the horde when she doesn't have the time to chop them. What is truly so reinvigorating about playing as such a character is that from the narrative's perspective, for the first time around, every choice can feel right, the pressure of the consequences not being there due to Michonne seemingly being able to handle everything, not just with her machete but with her judgment. The one flaw she has and can't escape is hallucinating over events of her past. It's nice when it comes to personality types to choose between being the one that scares the monsters away, the savage and the human but really tough one. By contrast, I find her more intimidating than Bigby Wolf(from the Wolf Among Us) People who watched the show are the comics might recognize her, but it's no problem for those that haven't done either: despite being short, it's still a well told story, that centers around Michonne.Not much else to say really, same old with the rest when it comes to performance, typical plot situations where things can go wrong no matter what, but you have Michonne to comment on why that always happens. Save someone now, they go away later. The ending was more satisfying than the typical TellTale game. What's new in terms of mechanics are black bars showing up while the combat starts, which is a tad idiotic in my opinion, as they don't emphasize an aspect ratio as much as cut away and I'm not sure it's the combat that should have been more cinematic, but for some reason, some action sequences are left out, due to a bug or by design, I don't know. Not that big of an issue, considering one won't see them that much and they don't cut away from the immersion.Honestly, I would have given the game a negative review, but because I find Michonne to be that great of a character and her own personal ""mind segments"" can keep the player invested,  I find the rating to be deservedly positive."
,Recommended,429570,33967588,Posted: 2 August,all,The Specter,"This is a very short series. If you read the comics you might like this series more. The series has a lot of flaws, but I like it. Try to get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,429570,22666936,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Chipmaster,"The worst Telltale games interactive drama so far. Absolutely every single episode of this game is based on: hallucinations of dead daughters, boring dialogues, more boring hallucinations of dead daughters who you don't give a crap about, decent but meaningless action, and what-is-his-name-was getting killed, whose death gives you absolutely no emotion. Besides I finished all 3 episodes only in about 3.5h, which is VERY bad thing, especially after TftB and GoT.To conclude: buy only on sale and ONLY if you really-really like TWD universe, because it is totally unnecessary mini-series to play. You won't have much fun playing it, and you also won't lose anything if you miss this game."
,Recommended,429570,25363152,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Malcolm,"The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries is a totally different story from the TTG Walking Dead series but it still has a good story.Short Summary:You play as one of theamazingcharacters in the show/comics, Michonne, struggling with the death of your two daughters while surviving with a group of men on a boat.Opinion:I'll start of by saying I enjoyed this game,I really liked the fact that they used the Michonne technique of going through a herd of walkers,that was great that they put it in. There were a few things that bothered me about the game. First example is the episode length.I knowit's a short series, but the episodes were very short for the price of the game! Another thing is the transition from one scene to another, it wasn't that smooth. One last thing that really bothered me was the useless mechanics at times, for example when Michonne had to swim and it said to press Q - it was really useless as the green bar around the Q stops half way. These are really small problems though, the game can still be enjoyed nonetheless.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=758191154Short list of Pros and Cons:Pros:- Graphicshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=758191458- Voice Acting- More action-packedCons:- Certain useless mechanics- Very short (even though it's a mini-series)- Price is too muchOverall, it's a good game for Walking Dead fans, don't recommend buying it at the original price, maybe wait until there's a discount on it."
,Recommended,429570,30519943,Posted: 14 March,all,Serieus,"Great, albeit shorter, Walking Dead Adventure.  This time you follow the backstory of Michonne.  While I found that the story lacked truly heartfelt choices, the end was slightly painful to make choices.  It's a fun, well paced, story that fits just right in the tried and true formula of the previous games.  Kudos for a great experience."
76561198065753933,Not Recommended,429570,28690868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reddchan,This was not fun to play. Michonne could not be more boring and the story is forced.
76561197974830644,Not Recommended,429570,22424147,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Lussie,"14,99€? What a waste..Buy it on sale if you have to."
76561198015029281,Not Recommended,429570,28854250,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mikael,"I don't think this is worth its salt.The constant inner struggle of Michonne is not something I appreciated having shoved on me throughout the story, which didn't really captivate me at any point. I am glad I only paid 33% of the full price, and if you are a fan of the telltale recipe then around half the price will probably be of good value to you."
,Recommended,429570,21765810,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Blanchflower,Episode 1 lasts about 90 minutes.  I find the story line interesting and exciting as well. However please take note that the choices you make in this game have very little effects later on. All you need to do is just go through the story in whatever way you want and you will get the achievements.The achievements are easy to unlock as well. I would recommend this for fans who love the Walking Dead series.
,Not Recommended,429570,21449974,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,RowD.Va,"Little to no character development, VERY short storyline. Probably the shortest Telltale episode I ever played, and almost no control over your character. The choices are fairly bad too.If you want me to be honest?Save your money until Episode 3 comes out. I'm not going to completely crap on this game based on the first episode, but I will say the first episode in it's own right is not that great. Definitely not worth $14.99. Save your dimes, guys."
76561198086331174,Recommended,429570,24779671,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Braden,Many people like the Walking dead game series and I am included in that group. While this game is short it certainly does deliver. For anyone that enjoys the TWD series it is a must buy!If you are hesitant then purchase when it is discounted.I do wish there were more chapters though :(
,Not Recommended,429570,30327613,Posted: 4 March,all,Baphomet,"Another year, another Telltale adventure game, with zombies! TWD: Michonne details what went on when a particular mary sue left the adventuring party and did her own thing for a bit. It seems the writers for this particular game were obsessed with breaking the “invincible female” archetype by introducing flaws in the form of mental illness tied to grievance to the point where Michonne becomes a walking liability. I’m not kidding, she basically has a psychotic episode every 5 minutes and it’s a wonder that she can even function at all let alone accomplish any goals in the storyline.Considering how Telltale games are 90% story 10% gameplay, there’s really not much room for error when writing the story for the game. So making it as obnoxious as possible to play a well-known “strong” character really just isn’t a great strategy for entertainment. Going to have to recommend giving this game a pass and/or just watching a let’s play instead."
,Recommended,429570,28843391,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Smoothie Wolf,"Whether you're going to enjoy this addition to Telltale's Walking Dead series depends highly on whether you're interested in Michonne as a character, seeing as most of the game revolves around parts of her backstory.This is still your typical Telltale game gameplay wise - players are required to make certain decisions which affect how things play out around them.While the overall pacing of the game is great, it sacrifices room for proper character development in the process - this is also due to the shorter format compared to the previous titles.The lack of character development also leads to alack of big, impactful choices- something the series is well known for, which is a shame.However, Telltale manages to make up for this by nailing the main goal it set out to achieve with this title: expanding on Michonne's backstory and doing so in spectacular fashion.Verdict:Something fans of the series will definitely enjoy (more specifically fans of Michonne). It offers some of the best combat sequences in the series and has enough exciting moments to keep you hooked - despite its flaws and being a fairly short ride.8/10★★★★"
,Not Recommended,429570,22657549,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TreeFiddy,"It's alright. The game goes more into the past of Michonne from the Walking Dead comic book series. Without spoiling anything, it has a decent story with an annoying plot element that comes down to a stupid♥♥♥♥♥decision at the end, figuring why anyone would choose one over the other. The episodes are also pretty short, so when it comes down to it, unless you're really into TWD games, I'll wait until this goes on sale to get since completing the whole series took 5 hours in total."
,Recommended,429570,28386106,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Strange,"The Walking Dead: Michonne is a short telltale miniseries. You play as Michonne as a blade-wielding character from Robert Kirkman's best-selling comic books.Pros1) Michonne2) Fight sequences3) PacingCons1) Bland story2) Limited characterOverall, I give this a 7.5/10 as I like her story. I recommend this to those telltale fan."
,Recommended,429570,35070369,Posted: 19 September,all,Freerider-Dave,"The Walking Dead: MichonneAnother classic TTG title. Nothing new added to the likeable format. This runs with the same UI as season 2.Shorter than Season 1 and 2 but longer than 400 days. This tells the story of Michonne and her abscense from the comic book.Michonne is a badass character who is haunted by her memories thoughout the entire game. Another powerful and gripping story from TTG, you know the type that makes you play the whole game in one sitting haha.If you are a fan of the TTG Walking dead series I would recommend you pick this up.Looking forward to playing frontier now (season 3)Freerider-Dave"
76561198029546263,Not Recommended,429570,24251876,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr.Wolfix,"I was really looking forward to this game cause of the personality of Michonne but sadly it could have been so much better. I don't care if it has only 3 episodes, the price in sale is normal but the optimalization for this game is a catastrophe -> fps just go up and down like crazy. I played it on better configuration than minimal requirements are and the low/high settings were still the same - no difference. My friend tried it on his machine and the result was similar. But someone plays it just fine, it could be just a problem on my side, I get it.Sadly, it's not the only reason. Characters are dull. Like all of them except few who try to be something more. I got absolutely no attachments or feelings to my daughters. The flashback with them were more annoying and if these scenes were meant for feeling sad and guilty for my daughters ... it was really badly done. Like honestly, in other TT game sometimes I had really difficult time choosing some characters to die or let them go away but in this game it was more like - which one is more boring?I liked Michonne and Sam, only those two but they aren't enough to give this thumbs up. Hope that they do better job with 3rd season."
76561198004517738,Not Recommended,429570,29566900,Posted: 29 January,all,Warsong,"Gonna make this review as short as I can, since the game is done like that.PRO's:Good Audio Sounds (by that I mean music, voice, and anything that has sounds for this game).CON's:Could've been a lil' more to some of the characters. I kinda felt incomplete with how things were.Encountered bugs along the way:-BUGs found-#1 Chapter2 didn't let me pick the first aid kit item(s),#2 bugs on save files. esp. cloud save#3 story goes back at the start of Chapter 2 right where its just about to finish.#4 for unknown reasons rewinding a chapter made some items unclickable, plus events not triggering, hence it got me stuck.OVERALL: Not gonna recommend this to just anyone so if you're not a fan of the series and of Michonne don't bother unless its on sale and you really want it."
,Not Recommended,429570,24388916,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,shlam,"Very disappointed. This is coming from a huge fan of both seasons of TTWD. This just felt like a chore to play, didn't have the intrigue of the story, and was plain annoying for large portions. Michonnes inner demon simulator isn't what I want from a TTWD game."
76561198202022263,Not Recommended,429570,34219386,Posted: 13 August,all,Fallen Brony,"I hate to say this but for a telltale game.... i'm very disappointed in this game, the choices you make don't even matter and you're forced to do things you didn't even want to happen. The worst part of it is there's HUGE glitches in the game.... DO NOT play on full screen, you'll get black screens in certain scenes and the game freeze's every so often.I'm a big fan of telltale but this has got to be the worst one the bunch! I'm relieved that this isn't linked to the walking dead series, I won't say much more about this game but i'm not happy with what they've done this time aroundThe game is based on a post-apocaliptic world, infested with Zombies. TWD (The Walking Dead) forces you to make hard dissisions throughout the game which puts you in the shoes of your character.I'm going to have to thumbs down this one, which saddens me 5/10 rating also."
,Not Recommended,429570,22877981,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Vanirra,"It's quite difficult to properly rate this game. As someone who hasn't read the comics but rather watched the TV series, I probably didn't appreciate it as much.First off, each episode is roughly an hour long. While I get that it's a miniseries, it still feels like it's way too short for the price you're paying. Telltale does however deliver with stunning graphics and an amazing soundtrack and VA.Honestly I think I felt annoyed more than anything while I was playing. Half of the time you ended up with Michonne having hallucinations/flashbacks and seeing her daughters right in the middle of what should be important events. It took away from the events that were happening in real time. Maybe if I read the comics I would understand more but for someone who didn't, everything felt so vague in this series. It's like they put more time into the action scenes than the story itself. Seeing Michonne in action is cool and all but I'd prefer learning more about her. The story was decent but it wasn't engaging in any sort of way. When I started playing it seemed interesting but soon after I found myself wondering when it would be over.The characters introduced have no real character development for you to get invested in them. Any interaction you have with 90% of the characters lasts only for a moment and then it's over. At no point would you feel any kind of attachment to them so whether or not they die doesn't really matter to you. Overall the characters felt bland.Also, the whole 'choice's matter' really doesn't apply to this game. At least with the other two series your actions and dialog affect your gameplay to a degree. In this series it doesn't matter if Pete or Sam will remember what you said. Literally nothing will happen anyway. It also irked me to know that sometimes when you decide not to make a choice, the game will make it for you. Felt like a repeat of Beyond: Two Souls. Your only real big choice is during the finale. Live or stay with your daughters in your hallucination and I'm assuming die. Let's be real, for a big choice, it's practically already made for you. The dialog choices you get are questionable. As I said I never read the comics so I don't know what she was like before but it doesn't feel like anything Michonne would say.In terms of recommending the game, I'd say no. It's an okay game but not for $15. You're better off saving that money for something else.  It's a short game so if you get the chance to play it then by all means go for it but just be ready for a bit of disappointment."
,Not Recommended,429570,29575165,Posted: 29 January,all,You play gwent?,"StoryI feel like other reviews have already stated everything wrong with this aspect of the game, so I will be short:Not. Interesting. I couldn't evenforcemyself to finish the game! All the characters (including Michonne) are bland, the plot is boring and the writing is subpar. It's a shame really, but it just felt like a chore to participate in dialogues and watch cutscenes, which should never happen in this type of games.Also, why is that Michonne uses a machete and not a katana? Perhaps it is explained during the last episode of the game, if not - add another point to the list of why the story is so poorly made.Quick-time eventsNow onto something I feel like people don't often mention, but it's probably as important:Following up poor storyline, QTE were the biggest issue I've had. Seriously, I have a higher success rate in any competetive/skill-based game than in TWD: Michonne fighting events. They are just too inconsistent,you either have all the time in the world to press a certain button to perform an action, or you get killed instantly by failing to press ""E"" in a splitsecond which you were given. And even at the 2nd try, you might still fail, despite knowing exactly what is going to happen.TellTale knows how to make quick-time events right, The Wolf Among Us had one of the best fighting scenes I've seen, they felt so natural and intense, especially those ""boss battles"" in last episodes of the game. TWD: Michonne is the complete opposite and it makes the second biggest chunk of the game yet another chore to play through. Devs know how to do it right, but they didn't care enough to make it reality.Another thing worth pointing out is that sometimes you don't even press anything and the character still performs an attack as if you didn't f### it up. I feel like they were just too lazy to add another ""branch"" to the scene which is why sometimes you get killed with no second chance if you don't press the button fast enough and other times your character will go on and execute anyway. By the way, Telltale are starting to get notorious for this (Batman Game, looking at you). This is not acceptable and completely ruins the immersion.What are we left with?If the story is boring and the fighting is terrible, is there anything else left in the game that is worth the praise or bashing? Well, yes, there is:- Poor sound-design that made me lower the volume anytime someone gets hit by a machete or any other sharp weapon.- Clunky animations.- Awfully familiar faces (for example, they reused an old model of Brenda for the new character called Norma).- Dialogue lines interrupting one another.- Poor controller support.- A couple of bugs that made me actually restart the game.- Bugged out cloud sync wasted my save file further discouraging me from finishing the game.- Shortness and emptiness of the game in relation to the price tag.OverallI don't see any reason to recommend this game.As I see it, if you are a Telltale Games fan - you will be dissapointed, if you are a fan of the movie series or comic series - you will be dissapointed, if you are new to the genre - pick something better, if you are a fan of the genre - you will be dissapointed.The only reason this game exists is because developers simply wanted to cash in on fans of previous TWD titles and movie series of said franchise."
,Not Recommended,429570,22786913,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rickster James,"I'm gonna be honest with you. I LOVE the Telltale games. They're mostly all amazing and full of great decisions. This one though, was awful. Notice my play time by any chance? Yeah. I finished the entire game. The reason I actually have this much is because I went afk for half an hour once. There was no challenge, almost none of the characters died, and overall, the game was really, REALLY SHORT. Apparently there are 8 endings based on what you do, but I got the best ending on the first try and in order to get one of the worst you have to make the DUMBEST FINAL DECISION in the game. Only a 7% of people made the dumb choice, probably just to find out what it was more than anything else. Also, the game ends in the same way every time, with only slight dialog changes based on who lives and who dies.Let's recap the episodes without spoilerinos (for the most part)Episode 1: Characters are introduced, bad guys are introduced, some unimportant guy dies (or two.)Episode 2: Characters escape bad guys, find safe area, safe area gets raided, but they defend and take a hostage.Episode 3: THE ONLY GOOD EPISODE IN THE ENTIRE GAME. This is practically the only place where choices matter. You make big desicions here which vary your endings, but only one of them is an actually hard desicion to make, because there was no obvious answer (unlike the rest of them.) Cool♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down here.Overall, the game was not worth it. If you could buy episode three by ITSELF, then maybe you'd have a nice 5$ telltale game. The episodes were about 30 minutes each, with a lot of uninteresting characters and a half-decent story. If you want a good game to buy and you haven't already, buy the walking dead games SEASON 1 AND 2. Those were the most beautifully crafted story games I've ever played. This however, was not.TLDR: Uninteresting, REALLY, REALLY SHORT, and sadly, not worth your time.I hope you have something better next time, Telltale. I really love your games, and I hope that your next game(s) are better."
76561197980659429,Not Recommended,429570,31789821,Posted: 16 May,all,k1LLz0Rz,"Telltale, seriously guys, we need to talk...What happened?! Did you fire all of your writers after cashing in on the first Walking Dead game??Because everything that game did really well, Michonne does ever so poorly.It's time to make a tough moral decision!Meh, I don't really know any of these people, and you haven't given me enough time or information to figure out who I actually trust yet, but the game is telling me I MUST decide so... um, VIOLENCE!Yea awesome, hurting people, that's the answer every time.It's time to fight zombies!Meh, I'm basically invincible thanks to my magic machette and time-slowing skills.Also, I'm a main character in the books / TV show, so there's never any need to worry, they literally can't do anything more than hurt me!I sure love a plotline with a complete and utter lack of drama, tension or emotional investment...Clearly there's no point in trying to reason, negotiate with or understand other people or groups - the mean man with the bright green eyes is ""bad"", and therefore he needs to be murdered ASAP.Seriously, this game didn't even make sense half of the time.I can't tell you how many times I died, simply because things arbitrarily swapped between dialogue / a cutscene, and a 3 second long quick-time action sequence - with zero indication or time to react (and then I get to replay the last 5 minutes of mundane, hollow characters pretending to interact with each other. Oh jooooy!).And just so you know - making me mash the Q key so hard and fast that I'm actually concerened about breaking my keyboard?Yea, that doesn't make a situation feel more dramatic or add difficulty to your game - it makes you look like a bunch of lazy asshats who don't mind wasting people's time and insulting their intelligence!I loved The Wolf Among Us, the first two episodes of Walking Dead, and was looking forward to seeing how Clementine's story arc ended - but after playing this game and reading reviews of the next episode with her in it, I think I'm done with Telltale games (unless they're on for a hefty discount, maybe)."
,Recommended,429570,24750081,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Cheaplikeafox,"Short, but another great TWD Telltale Story.This game is really short (3 hours and that included maybe 30 minutes I had to replay).  Definitely overpriced in comparison to say a full TWD Season which is at least twice as long for only $10 more.  I'd recommend a purchase, but only at a discount.Great story.  Sheds some light into Michonne's back story.  This miniseries also had more action than your typical TWD game which sort of alternates between action and long periods of just talking.  Graphics also continue to improve as I recently went back to TWD S1 and can tell the difference.I'm a big TWD fan, big Michonne fan, and big Telltale fan, so even at full price, I was happy with my purchase but I anticipate that most fans will want to pay 50% or less for this one.11/10 Would date Michonne during the zombie apocalypse."
,Not Recommended,429570,21442773,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Frederik,"The Walking Dead: Michonne ReviewFinal Result: 4,9/10There is no doubt that this game has the masterminds of Telltale Games behind the curtains. The story and characters are spot on like any of their best sellers. But there is not much else to say about the game because the most important episode to get people interested in the game was a huge disappointment in length. After trying to extend my play time to the limit by exploring each area I still couldn't get the episode to clock over an hour. I know Michonne is a mini-series, but given how short episodes have been in their older titles I assumed this would be a little longer. They made a similar mistake with their game Minecraft: Story Mode, a game in which no dedication or effort was required. Only a pastime and money grab for Telltale Games to fund their larger projects, and I fear Michonne will be such a game while most of us would have preferred that they've skipped this mini-series and put even more time and manpower in The Walking Dead: Season Three and possibly give us an earlier release. Hopefully they read feedback and increase the length of their episodes, I will not try to judge the game in all based on one poorly made episode... yet. But don't be mistaken and don't think that this game will be your normal The Walking Dead game by Telltale Games, this will most likely be a very rushed and short game with a vague story for them to fund upcoming releases."
,Recommended,429570,28643078,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"Now besides the fact that this Game crashed at least once on every episode I am still going to recommend this Game.Telltale Games are known for making good choice wise Games and this is no less then one of them. I was struggeling on whether to buy this Game or not. Since I am a big Fan of The Walking Dead Season 1 & 2. I was aware that this Game has nothing to do with the other 2 Games which is why I didn't know whether I like it or not.Although this Game has nothing to do with the main Walking Dead Games from telltale, it is just as amazingly made. I am not sure whether this Game is related or not to the Walking Dead Series on TV as I am not watching it.Michonne is the main Character of this Game and a Strong one at it, mentally but also body wise. This Character shows that everybody even the strongest people can come with package.I personally really enjoyed the Game as it had a deeper meaning behind it then other Games.I can recommend this Game to any Achievement Hunter, anybody that loves making their own choices in Video Games and of course any Telltale Game Fan.However due to the fact that this Game is only 3 hours long, I recommend getting it on Sale rather then its original price."
,Not Recommended,429570,21599624,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Awe,"Perhaps when the whole game is out there will be a better game to play by. A lot of people are right, there aren't really any ""choices"" you can make. Any other decisions that you make will just show you a new location of a map, and perhaps some skipped dialogue.As far as this 1 chapter episode, not worth 14.99, maybe worth $4.99.They got 15 out of me, oh well.1/10"
76561198026349981,Not Recommended,429570,21447831,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fröken Köttbulle,"This game is not ""tailored by how you play"". It's about playing a character with events according to the comics."
,Recommended,429570,33081007,Posted: 1 July,all,CCL sama,"Here we got another Series from ""The Walking Dead"" made by Telltale Games, but this time it's a miniseries which means:- You choices have even less impact -The cool thing is that you are playing as Michonne and the fights are bloody and gory.Achievements will be unlocked while you play the game.The chapters aren't that long, but it works for me and for people who has very limited time.Come back home from work and complete a chapter each day is a good way to play/watch this game.The story is decent and combined with the fair price tag I think it's a good deal."
,Not Recommended,429570,22766863,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mu6o,"Only three episodes and they are short. It's not worth neither 10 euros, nor 15... Morelikely it's worht 4 euros for a 4 hour game with no affection of choices and no replay value."
,Recommended,429570,33922717,Posted: 31 July,all,Golden$Dragon,"Ok this game has a very good story, and it gets you a lot of feeeling and emotions while playing itBut on the other hand its so damn shortIts only 4 hours4 ♥♥♥♥ing hours, Really Telltale ?!?!?!And the end is not justifed at allSo its recommended but on discount"
,Recommended,429570,28218573,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,J o n e x,"A great and engaging game, as is to be expected from the developer Telltale games. The Walking Dead universe is well suited to this game genre, and even though Michonne has exclusively new characters, they manage to feel as meaningful as  characters from the previous games in the series.My only real problem with this game is that it's too short. I managed to finish all 3 episodes in about 4 hours by comparison to the 10 hours it took me to finish 5 episodes from either of the main games in the series.It's still a great addition to the Walking Dead games though, and definitely worth playing if you have any interest in the show."
,Recommended,429570,23393340,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aussiedroid,"One feature that stands The Walking Dead: Michonne (TWD:M) out from its predecessors was the fantastic blending of the flashbacks, visions & main story arcs. I really like how this was done, often occurring at unexpected moments seamlessly merging the stories together, where actions in both worlds are linked. The visions Michonne experiences are rather creepy with a strong horror movie feel, & with some nice post effects to help you distinguish when the focus changes.The flashbacks & vision sequences were the highlight of what was a rather dull main story. For me, there just weren’t a lot of memorable characters or events. Most of the personalities felt standardised, one dimensional & a bit predictable. This may also be in part due to the shorter three episode length which doesn’t really lend itself to develop the characters too deeply or allow much in the way of twists in the story.It’s certainly not all bad though, & as expected there was plenty of zombie killing action throughout to keep things moving swiftly along. Some of these fights were very impressive, with creative use of the 3D rotating camera & bullet time for many of the larger scenes, & the occasional rare button combo spots that can throw you off balance. I do wish there were more combos sections to show off Michonne’s“badassery”& to help increase the difficulty … keeping the player on their toes.Soundtrack was a fitting & enjoyable addition to the experience with other sound effects & voice acting also top quality.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=697672297Danai Gurira(who plays Michonne on the TV Show)didn’t do the voice, but I was pleasantly surprised to find voice acting was pretty spot on! Likewise, capturing the personality in the character’s look & animations often reminded me of how Danai may have acted it out on the show.  Animations overall are very good inTWD:M, I didn’t notice any buggy animations, jumpy textures or strange camera work which I have seen in most of the earlier TTG games.  I did however have a few .exe crashes(about 1 crash per chapter)using Steam In-Home Streaming during my play through.TWD:Mis a decent outing, that I would summarise as good but not great. Little short at 3 streamlined chapters, totalling around 3-4hrs of gameplay. It could quite easily have been fleshed out to 5(or even 6 chapters)as the shorter length, I feel, ultimately works against the story telling & character development. It really needed some more space to give the characters time to show some depth, personality & explore their stories, not to mention the main story arcs further. There was a good balance between action & dialog in what was there, but it was let down a degree by a mediocre story & script.Certainly still good enough that it’s worth a play(even if Michonne is Kitana-less!), & especially if you are a fan of the Walking Dead.If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,429570,31292158,Posted: 22 April,all,R3dwan,Good story .But game play too shortOnly 3 episodesYou buy if u want
,Recommended,429570,21644295,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FleetCommand,"What do we have here?Do I recommend this game? I do. Do I think it's a great achievement compared to the first two Walking Dead series? I don't.Hello, my name is Michonne...In The Walking Dead: Michonne you control - you guessed - Michonne, a black female protagonist. I pretty much like her, despite her (spoiler incoming)flashbacks  of her lost kids. But who am I to judge? I'm not a mother. Nor a father yet (and as things go recently I don't think I will in the near future, but that'smystory, not Michonne's).That's a nice nameSo, we have her and our mouse or controller to execute QTEs and make... decisions? Yes, that's my biggest issue with this game: I went through the first episode (at the time of writing that's the only available yet) and I don't really feel I had to make any decisions. We met people and had to choose who am I side with without having any clue who's the good guys here. While I like how the story goes, I feel my choices weightless.And if you end a chapter and you see that about 80 % of the people have this or that choice, then you can tell that developers gave wrong choices to the players' hand. As one ofLife is Strange's developer told in a special edition video, you know you gave good decisions to the players when they hesitate what to do. When there's no obvious ""good"" and ""bad"" choice. And here comes Michonne with some 20/80.Norma's nice too...From a technical viewpoint you got the same thing for the xth time. Maybe the graphics look somewhat nicer than earlier, and we have large floating QTE-symbols this time, the navigation in the menu is still a pain.Pros:You can adjust the subtitle size to your liking (non-native-English TV people will like that)I like the storyI like the theme songs (both at the opening and ending theme)I like the protagonistCons:You can't turn off vsyncNavigating in the menu is slow as a snail. You want to try out all 3 subtitle sizes? Good luck as it takes looooong seconds to get back to the menu, open the.. brr..It asked me to register a Telltale account as it comes with some ""perks"". I did. Now it asks me every time I start the game if I want to enable cloud saves. It also told me I can learn about the ""perks"" on a URL you can't click on but I decided to just type it in to the browser because I wanted to see the advantages I have now. You can guess nothing's there but your profile. Maybe the only good thing is that you can see afew more choices on the webpagethan the episode end screen if you are logged in to your account. Decisions like these:You and 76.2% of players.. oh my god. Are you serious? You and 99.7% of players stabbed him with a screwdriver. What the heck, Telltale!?If 99.7 % of your players stab someone with a screwdriver, that means you just hid the other-thing-which-is-not-a-screwdriver so noone could find itor your percentage counter just bugged out. We want real choices!What's up with these Steam Achievement ""Artworks""? ""1"", ""2""? Don't be so lazy. Hire someone to do it properly.Is it?Summary: Nice story with a nice protagonist. Lazy execution. The reason I recommend it: Despite its obvious flaws, I enjoyed my 2 hours with the first episode."
,Recommended,429570,32160089,Posted: 3 June,all,H8M4Ch1N3,"So, I've played last Episode after I finished New Frontier. Good choice. Cause that's when I've noticed thatit's the best TWD game since Season 1, any of you can fight me for that statement. Story is the best, you got more freedom, I even feel like you have more choices even though I know it's just a feeling - it's good nonetheless, New Frontier made me angry - this made me tear up a little. Also, any game that uses music like Dorothy is in my eyes flawless, no matter what. Even graphics are better here. I can't see cons of this game, honestly. Maybe that it's way too short, but it's worth that money anyway."
76561198047966978,Recommended,429570,33065898,Posted: 30 June,all,[REDi]1R LCPL Bluberry,For $3.74 this was a great game and priced well as it is a very short game. I enjoyed it so much! Wish there was more.
76561198314523497,Recommended,429570,33134082,Posted: 2 July,all,Orange Juice,Very good game tho. It is very worth for my 3 bucks. Hope the producers make more good game like these
76561198072182182,Recommended,429570,33363851,Posted: 7 July,all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"My only exposure to Walking Dead is TTG -- take that as you will.  I played this with my brother, who is my perennial adventure game co-pilot, and we couldn't stop playing.  We thought it was a great on-rails adventure.  I have to say that it ain't Leementine, but what is?"
76561197998252143,Not Recommended,429570,22741899,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,M_Alex,"Worst in the series so far. Too much QTEs, the writing is poor and does not engage you in any of the characters. 400 Days was much better."
,Not Recommended,429570,22738651,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Macan,Very short game for TWD series and those hallucinations really REALLY ruining the game. I hope TWD Season 3 will be better than this..
,Not Recommended,429570,22788732,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Icyphoenix,maybe worth buying if its on sale for $5
,Not Recommended,429570,22786704,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tempest_Mist,"WARNING - SPOILERS AHEADhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdTpG7t3u50&ab_channel=PangurBanGamingpoorly optimizedVery Long loading screensNo freedom of choiceVery bland storyVery short EpisodesNot worth the moneyThe fact that this series is a filler for Michonne's absence in the comic, I feel is one of the main factors that this storyline fails to deliver , there is no introduction to the character , it is assumed because of the ""name"",  gamers will be delighted to run with this excuse of a story.Of course fans of the comic more than likely thought this was a fantastic series as it answered questions for them, but for those of us who have never read the comics  for one reason or another or because they are not available in certain countries ,we are thrown into a story we know nothing about .This should have been planned better, adding some ""before now"", scenes at the start of episode 1 would have helped a lot in building character development  I think every fan of the TV series loves ""that"" Michonne and had hoped this would be the character we would play - a level headed Michonne with some issues of grief instead, we got a nutcase that fought great when she hallucinated.TWD Season 1 we are introduced to Lee who finds Clementine almost immediately two characters that everyone loved ,we were disappointed when each episode ended but we waited with eager anticipation of the next one, this was the same for TWD season 2.Sadly this can not be said for  Michonne.  I had no empathy for Michonne or her loss, it just became a boring chore , that got in the way of a boring story.I didn't care for any character so I used them to my advantage I kept Pete with me for an extra gun I got Sam to kill the guy on the boat to get a weapon , I killed Norma's brother to add a bit of excitement hoping by doing this  that episode 3 would be at least a good one, but no I was robbed of that too.If  Michonne had been a showstopper I could forgive bad optimization and long loading screens but it wasn't and  these problems just added to a long list of things I hated with this whole game series.TWD Season 3 a much anticipated game right now & I feel "" Michonne "", has become a spanner in the works concerning this, I fear they might use Michonne as lead Character since there is no hint of what Clementine's role is in Season 3 .If they do use Michonne I won't even bother with it."
,Not Recommended,429570,23031089,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The WhiffMeister,"And here I thought I was a blind Telltale fanboy that would unconditionally love anything they put out. I just finished the mini series (a few weeks after the final episode came out) , and that's one of the saddest things about it. I usually play new episodes of Telltale series as soon as they come out, but this one was feeling like a bit of a chore. I knew the final episode was out, and every so often, when I thought ""Hey, I could play the new epsiode"", I would always put it off to later, as I would with a chore. Reasons why I didn't like the game:- Story is meh. Character building is lacking. I'm not sure how I felt about playing an already existing character. It felt like the choice I had to make were the choices Michonne would have made. This is not how I want to play my Telltales.- Telltale's engine is showing signs of age. Unsmooth transition, awkward moments of silence where it feels like the game is trying to catch up, ridiculously long loading times, especially considering that this game's textures are low res (running on a SSD, good luck to HDD users). All these little things just break the immersion.- The final choice is a ""fake"" choice. It shows by the percentage of people that did what I did (92% I think). The other choice was just dumb.- The choices you make don't really affect the game all that much, then again last time I felt like my choices had an impact in a Telltale game was at the end of Season 1 of TWD, where your choices would decide which character would follow you at the end.In conclusion, the best thing about TWD: Michonne is the theme song..."
,Recommended,429570,23949092,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lOOOl KiLL,"A snack, till ""TWDS3"" get released.It was fun, but tbh i didn't feel any strong emotional connection with the characters, not like TWD season1&2.I didn't feel that ""chill"" in my back at the end, i didn't sit there watching the credits, while listening to the ending song, and i didn't think much about choices as i did in the previous games.It was a good experince, but i didn't enjoy it that much.Is it worth it? ""♥♥♥♥K YEAAH!"" it's a telltale game and i love all their games <3"
76561198012757492,Recommended,429570,33728473,Posted: 22 July,all,VP,"What a mixed bag. The Walking Dead: Michonne has some potential, but suffers from horrible writing at times, a fair amount of bugs, and just a very uninteresting and unbelievable main character. The game certainly has its moments though, just like you'd expect from Telltale.The ending could have been sooooo much more powerful ifyour final choice actually mattered. I wanted to STAY and still got pushed out. I felt extremely cheated afterwards.Still, since I got it for 4 bucks in a sale, I must say was a decent deal. Not recommended for the full price though. Definitely the worst of the TWD series.Pro tip: Don't try to save space on your SDD and install it on a regular drive (like me). The game will have horrendous loading times and will regularely break up any immersion by pausing in the middle of the scene."
,Not Recommended,429570,22668877,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ravek,"This game is easily passable, only worth most people's time if they happen to love the Walking Dead universe and want to learn more of Michonne.This game frequently had slow loading times and stuttering during gameplay.This is a departure from Telltales more mainline version, focusing more on action scenes and less upon character interaction and drama."
76561198014326198,Not Recommended,429570,31261860,Posted: 20 April,all,⎛⎝муяη⎠⎞,"Good short story, but not worth the full price. Wait for a sale. 4h of playtime and 1/3 of it are stupid loadingscreens. I never had a problem with telltales games, but this one is the worst on performance. High cpu usage even on a good maschine."
,Recommended,429570,26330432,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review for The Walking Dead - Season One:Here.Review for The Walking Dead - Season Two:Here.If there's anything that we've learned to expect from developer/publisher TellTale Games over the years, it's a high quality product. Their story-centric, semi-point-and-click series for The Walking Dead catapulted them into fame with the 2012's first installment, and the company has been gaining huge momentum ever since. In the last two entries the playable characters were derived from the brain of TellTale's crew, but The Walking Dead: Michonne puts you directly in charge of a protagonist straight from the comic books and TV show.It's undeniable that Michonne is a strong female character, not only in physique but in mentality; she's a deadly force to be reckoned with either way. This mini-series explores the events that were previously untold when she disappeared from the comics from issues 126-139, or in TV terms after the group was separated at Hershal's farm and before finding Woodbury. However, none of the other cast is mentioned in the game and Michonne finds herself aboard a ship called the Companion, with a small gathering of new comrades that include a couple of guys named Pete and Oaken. Pete picks up a distress signal on the boat's radio, and he and Michonne set out to help the senders. What they don't expect is the hot water that they land themselves in, and they pay dearly throughout three episodes for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.If you've played any of the other TellTale games, then you'll already be familiar with all of the mechanics here; nothing new has been introduced. When interacting with other characters, you're given three dialogue options plus the ability to not say anything at all; what's really cool though is that all of the verbal replies are something Michonne would definitely say. TellTale has done an outstanding job keeping the in-game persona meshed with that of the comic. Characters will remember your decisions and some of your dialogue choices, and your actions will carry over to the next episode. The title sticks with the same cell shaded, comic style graphics from the prior two releases, though the color is more vivid and there is quite a bit more gore.Ultimately, your enjoyment of The Walking Dead: Michonne will depend on your view of the character; if you don't like her, you won't find any love here, but if you do enjoy her then this will be right up your ally. It's a great title that pieces together the threads of Michonne's past, and where she disappeared to for so long. Although I must mention that there are still some minor technical problems with the game, such as load times that shouldn't be as long as they are, being able to walk through some obstacles, a small freeze during the third episode (it corrected itself for me), and for some reason when you enter an action sequence the game puts up black bars at the top and bottom of the screen; though if you die, they go away for the remainder of your current session. Also, it's a short ride of about 4 hours, so I recommend grabbing it for 50-75% off. Other than that, for any fans of Michonne this game is a must play.Rating:4.5/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Not Recommended,429570,22654986,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kraftmatic,"If you are a fan of the comics, the story about Michonne is fairly interesting but the gameplay is severely lacking in this one.  It's like someone at Telltale decided that pressing buttons in an interactive story was too difficult, and so was creating the interactive locations we have come to expect from playing other Telltale games.  As a result you get a short, and fairly buggy game...some of the load times may be longer than the chapters you play though which is very frustrating.  This game actually gives The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct a slow zombie shuffle for your money when it comes to clunkiness.   If you liked the other Walking Dead games, wait for a Steam sale and pick this up when it is around $5, otherwise pass on it and save your money for another game."
,Not Recommended,429570,26121018,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Koivari,"TTG Cloud saving not working. I played through the whole episode 1 and even got the achievements for it. Still, the game doesn't recognize any progress and won't let me look at the choices I made, as if I never played the episode.Can't recommend."
76561197990259929,Not Recommended,429570,21444010,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,FaSkiL,"I refunded this :/ Choice don't matter, animations are really bad, like really bad, the story so far is the usual, I expected something new here and damn too short !Telltale, you need to do something new, take some risks, and add mocap to your games because this is ruining the game experience."
76561197970909627,Not Recommended,429570,30688178,Posted: 23 March,all,olleybear,"Definitely not as good as the first two in the walking dead series.  At only 3 chapters, this series is not as long either.  You will get through this game quick.  Michonne in the TV series has a much stronger character than the one portrayed in this game and you will probably be disappointed in how the game portrays her.Once I completed this series, I wouldnt play it again, yet I would play the first two series over if this gives you any indication of what this game is like.Only buy this game on sale if you feel the need to try it out like I did.  It is not worth full retail price.  Cant recommend this game, which is unfortunate."
,Recommended,429570,28840650,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Navrin,"Spoiler free review:Like all other TellTale games, this is strictly a narrative.  What is different, is that you finally feel like a bad a$$ playing Michonne.  Walking Dead fans will enjoy this game, but i'd have to say if you're not a fan of the show, you should probably skip it.  This game only lasts 3 hours - 3 chapters total, and is only worth the purchase if you get it on sale.I did enjoy the game, good story and background on Michonne, and that is the reason to purchase the game.  If that doesn't float your boat go ahead and spend your money else where.Played on: i7-6700, 16GB Ram, GTX1070"
76561198312690727,Recommended,429570,28547748,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sheena311,"I enjoyed it! Michonne is one of my favorite characters from The Walking Dead, I had a lot of fun deciding what she should say and do during the game . I would definietely recommend this to other TWD fans and fellow zombie lovers :)"
,Not Recommended,429570,22710655,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,1iNcHeR,You beat the episodes like nothing.. I want a decent quality game with hours.. Like life is Strange or the original Walking Dead telltale game. I guess it not like you are paying $50. But waiting for episodes... Just like real life...  I'm not going to be with a woman and wait forever for full package. This game reminds me of a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198118531941,Recommended,429570,33993876,Posted: 3 August,all,boogiebass22,"Entertaining, but very short. Characters (except for Michonne) and story aren't that deep.Worth a buy when it goes on sale.6.5/10"
76561198086640973,Not Recommended,429570,22689746,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dutch™,"This game is just a filler between Season 2 into 3.  Considering how epic the ending of Season 2 was with so many choices, this just seems like a big steaming pile of crap.  It was Meh at best.  Meh.5/10  - Buy if you are bored only.....extremely extremely bored."
76561198064068777,Not Recommended,429570,22695025,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Soren,- No freedom to make your own choices.- No reason to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the characters (unless you have read the comics/love the TV show massively)- Boring dialogueThe comment that this was an essential play before Season 3 is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game was seriously boring and I often wondered by I was wasting my spare time when I could have been playing CS or browsing Reddit. /Rant
76561198056998152,Not Recommended,429570,22692793,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Scobie33,I'm a fan of the series although this game is far too short at around 4hours...wait until it's down in price before you think about getting this. There's also little interaction in this game so don't look twice unless you're interested for the story.Very fun game though.
76561198012491652,Not Recommended,429570,22704065,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Calvin,"It's not a patch on the main series and barely garners any kind of emotional investment in the story, I found it quite frustraiting and boring and all the while I just wanted to be with Clementine again. Would not buy in heignsight but still highly recommend the main series, to this day it remains the only game that made me sad enough to shed a tear and that is something special, this mini-series however... I really didn't feel anything except that I had to finish it because I bought it."
,Not Recommended,429570,22746548,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Salty Psycho,tbh the illusion of choice in this one sucked and the spooky black eyed black kids was boring as hell5/10
,Recommended,429570,33117526,Posted: 1 July,all,Illidan.Stormrage,"플레이 타임이 너무 짧군요. 3장의 구성이 끝입니다.전작과 비교해봤을 때 많이 아쉬운 구성. 미숀의 액션이 많아서 강한 여자라는 생각이 계속 들지만, 쓸데 없이 잔인한 선택도 많았습니다."
,Not Recommended,429570,31728698,Posted: 13 May,all,Vejita,"Don`t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its not worth any kind of money!This complete piece of hot Garbage is lazy, old tech and losing my saves!And never ever use the ""Cloud Saves""...They SAVE exactly nothing!"
76561198067856472,Not Recommended,429570,22668316,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[C]arderix,Don't waste your time/money!
,Not Recommended,429570,22657396,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Doll,"Compared to the other TWD games it just isn't worth the 15 bucks I paid for it. I got 4.5 hours out of this game and despite me still liking the story, I feel a bit cheated."
,Not Recommended,429570,22668529,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Niandra Lades,"I knew going into this that I shouldn't expect season one or Tales From The Borderlands level of quality and that's fine, this is a miniseries. If you enjoy other TellTale games and want something story based, pick this game up because it is not awful but you also aren't missing anything by skipping it.I've noticed that TellTale games seem to include less actual gameplay with every release - apparently they've said they want to be more like HBO which is fine - but unfortunately this means a lot of interactivity is going to be Quick Time Events. And oh boy, this game has a lot of them. It's pretty much dialogue, move a character down a one dimensional path by holding down the appropriate key and then Quick Time Events in action sequences. It's not particularly enjoyable because there's no challenge and if you do ♥♥♥♥ up, which you can if you're not paying attention or just simply hit the wrong key, you die. I agree there should be consequence but I really feel like story based games such as this one should avoid main character death for messing up - because no one wants to have to redo progress in a game like this, it's tedious having to relisten to conversation you've already gone through. ♥♥♥♥ up a quick-time event? Don't kill the player and set them back, incorporate it into the narrative instead.Talking about the narrative, it isn't that great. Michonne seems like a really great character and I enjoyed playing as her, but being haunted by her past gets old quickly because, until some scenes at the end of episode three, it goes nowhere. You have a main character who keeps seeing her missing children, but it rarely goes beyond that. Michonne freaks out at an inappropriate time, she stumbles around in a dream sequence only to wake up and move on - there's no development. By episode three, I was really bored by this and just did not care. Through-out episode one and two, Michonne sees a toy that belonged to her kids but this ends up being completely forgotten in episode three.The episodes are incredibly short too, you can complete each one in roughly one to two hours - this means a lot of character development has been sacrificed. Even your main companions aren't particularly flushed out. Everyone's kind of aware that choices in TellTale games don't have a huge impact and this isn't something I personally am bothered by. However it is definitely noticeable in this one. Spoilers ahead, but in episode two you can decide if Pete should stay with you or go. I explored through both of these options and it's hilarious - Pete barely speaks and lingers in the background, constantly looking out of place - obviously to work with the choice of him not being there.In conclusion, this game is okay - if you're conflicted, then pick it up in a sale. I just hope TellTale doesn't continue to make their games like this - I feel they should either stick to how they used with puzzles and exploration or just go full in as a movie with dialogue choices. Instead they're stuck in the middle with Quick Time Events and a lack of challenge, which simply adds very little."
76561197972798026,Not Recommended,429570,34330662,Posted: 18 August,all,Danoobiel,"This the worst game of the Telltale Walking Dead series, maybe even the worst Telltale game.Your choices don't matter, the charackters are completly unlikeable and the game has random freezes and crashes.Thankfully, at this point in time the games story isn't tied in to the other games, so you can simply skip this trash."
,Recommended,429570,23019106,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"TellTale keep surfing on the wave of interactive stories with QTE sequences. While the previous The Walking Dead games were using characters that weren't from the comic (apart for Hersel and Glenn in the first episode), this mini-serie is focused on one of the most beloved and strong women from the comic (and TV series), Michonne.Michonne is the machete/katana master and also one of the most trustful for Rick Grimes. She lost her family but kept going on. However, while she suffered from some tortures and♥♥♥♥♥♥ we never saw her being on the edge because of her children. It's after the two years gap, after the war with the Saviors, that we discover a more fragile Michonne, that left Ezechiel, Rick and Alexandria behind to regroup herself. We know that Michonne has a strong friendship with people of her groups (Rick, Andrea, Eugene and the rest), which means that we don't have to worry about her being at their side in the upcoming fight against the Whisperers.But if there is a question to ask, it's why Michonne was on a boat and why she felt the need to distance herself with people. And while the mini-series isn't showing how Michonne left people behind, it's giving also a reason to her need to be alone and how she came in contact with Pete and more surprinsing Siddiq, two comics characters (one being still the captain of his boat and the other establishing himself in Alexandria and helping to build the fair). We can suppose that the story is happening early in the two years gap and not in the end.Before telling you the contents (without spoiling the story in itself), this is a TellTale game and as they're stuck on one way to play these times, you have to understand that it's the same mechanics behind all the Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us or Tales from the Borderlands: you're listening to characters, you're making your own choices, whether in words or in actions and you may have an impact on the story, though that you're always ending up with the same road: characters you saved from death are generally dying in a following episode (like Carley/Doug saved in Episode 1 but killed in Episode 3 - no matter who you chose to save) or no matter what you choose as action (I think about Sarita in Season 2, no matter the way you save her, Kenny will blame your actions), you'll end up with the same conclusion. It's the same here: during the second episode, stop Pete and he will be at your side, don't stop him, you'll find him alive in Episode 3. And this is not really a spoiler in itself if you're following the comic as he's appearing in it AFTER the mini-series.And among these choices to do, you have also to worry about Michonne and her actions to save herself: you still have to kill walkers, to dodge bullets, to fight or in this case, to deal with the PTSD she's finally showing about her family. The mini-series is also focused on that side: we already knew about Michonne having two daughters who died in the early days of the infection, like we already know how she came to use a machete/katana to survive. However, you have to understand something: Michonne didn't really have time to settle and think about everything as when she becomes part of Rick's group, they didn't have a long time of peace before bloodshed, revolts or enemies (if Michonne was already exhibiting some symptoms in Alexandria, she didn't think about them because of what happened after). Here, after the peace with the Saviors, it was time for rebuilding life with the Kingdom - The Sanctuary - Hilltop Colony - Alexandria. And given the fact that people projected themselves in a relative peace, Michonne had time for herself to think without to stay on her guard. And I suppose that everything came back and that's why she isolated herself. That's also on that that the mini-series is focusing: Michonne reliving that horrible day, hallucinating, seeing her lost daughters, though despite that state of mind, she stayed in the reality as the walkers she was killing in these visions were real. So, you have to expect to see the Michonne we love loosing herself in her memories in the worst moment, though a part of reality is still stuck in her brain.The first episode, In Too Deep, is opening on Michonne alone, hallucinating and fighting walkers before meeting Pete. After that, she becomes a member of his crew and find herself answering a distress call. Investigating it with Pete, she'll meet Sam and Greg, brother and sister, themselves on the run from a community called Monroe, ruled by Norma, whose right hand is her violent and sick brother Randall.The second episode, Give No Shelter, is telling how the trio (or duo depending on Pete's choice) managed to escape Monroe, though being hunted by the survivors) and came back to Sam's family shelter with all the problems that can be met during the trip (wounds, walkers, etc..).The third episode, What We Deserve, is the conclusion of the hunt: Norma and Michonne are willing to discuss to exchange prisoners, however, nothing will happen like both women hoped and it will be the final confrontation. However, it is also time for Michonne to make a choice about her hallucinations: stay in them and risk everyone's life or let them behind and protect everyone.The plot is really well-written and showing a side that we may have guess from the comics: her own fragility due to her tragic loss. Michonne is dealing with the past, without risking her group's safety initially as she isolated herself from them. However, with Pete's crew and then with Sam, she's risking everyone's life each time she's submerged by her emotions. TellTale is more into introspecting and feelings than in their other TWD games, even if they're still using the children's cards to add more tension. You already know how the game will finish: Michonne, Pete and Siddiq alive as they're comic characters and that it was clearly stated that the mini-series is happening in the timeline of the comic. The question is: how will you portray Michonne? Who are you willing to sacrifice? What part of you are you willing to let go? I must say that I changed my mind in Episode 3: I did two saves with each different ending for episode 2 and tried to see which one will fit better for the third episode. I surprised myself by choosing definitively the one that I wasn't agreeing first for Michonne. I must say that I was really fed up with Randall's words - the guy is really more infuriating than Carver or Larry.As usual, the graphics are cell-shaded, with nothing changing from the previous TWD games (or TellTale's recent games). And the soundtrack is as usual a real pleasure. I really liked the opening - I should even say that I'm very glad to see images from the comics resuming Michonne's life BEFORE the mini-series. It's strengthening the fact that it will not disrespect the comic.My only problem is the fact that sometimes, I had to press A for Q as I have an AZERTY keyboard. The result is that I have to press the two keys to see which one I have to use.Anyway, comics fans will be happy to see at least a media respecting the story, contrary to the TV series that is really taking many liberties with characters, like killing Andrea when she's still alive and an important figure in Rick and Carl's life. While I loved the two first seasons and waiting to see how they will handling the third, I largerly preferred the mini-series, more invested into personal matters and finally tied into the comic. Maybe because it's Michonne and that people having read the comic were in familiar territory but I think that the pair flashback/hallucination/reality is way more interesting than trying to shape Clementine and deal with adults for example.The Walking Dead: Michonne is really a must-have for me. It was a real good job done by TellTale."
,Not Recommended,429570,21866982,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bojangles,Telltale still haven't fixed the problem where save files randomly disappear.  This has been happening in their games for years.
76561197983082568,Recommended,429570,21439651,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blue64,"Walking Dead MichonneScore 9 / 10[first Episode only, updates 2 & 3 as they are released]Caveat Emptor: I am a WD fan. I have seen all the made for TV episodes and I have played the telltale series WD 1 and 2.  I am biased; and biased is my nameMichonne is a great character and knows how to wield a katana; you should know her better. Faithful, this ‘mini series’ explores Michonne’s guilt and feelings of inadequacy prior to Season 1 and 2. ‘Nuf said.Buy and play “The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries” if you need to see more heads cutoff or just think that post-apocalyptic dreadlocks are cool.My scoring system 9 / 1010 / exemplary execution of the genre with compelling innovation9 / exemplary execution of the genre don’t miss out, for fans of the genre and the curious alike8 / for well done not a must play, fans of the genre and newbs will be happy it is well done7 / for calibrated expectations only, fans of the genre would not miss out if they skipped this6 / only for serious fans of the genre for whom game play with bugs is acceptable5 / enough bugs to make me unhappy"
,Recommended,429570,30096481,Posted: 22 February,all,keybearer,"A pretty weak entry from Telltale, get it for cheap if you can."
,Recommended,429570,26303870,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,dennys 1v9,Very interesting short story. Game takes about 3 hours for one playthrough. Worth picking up at a sale but not full price.
,Recommended,429570,33155286,Posted: 2 July,all,Salbei,"Good, but very short story (finished the game in 3,5 hours). Just wait for a sale."
76561198007724456,Not Recommended,429570,21415384,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,3THO,A Frasier episode takes longer than this game.
76561198286806722,Not Recommended,429570,22768518,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Duperghoul,"Is too short. Only 3 episodesthat take 1 hour each to complete, compared to the 5 episodes that take 90 minutes in the past Walking Dead season. Most of the game is QTE (quick time event)! Other telltale gmaes give you more freedom to explore and interact with characters, which is why it's fun to replay.This game is just horrible, compared to the other Walking Dead TellTale seasons. You act as the villain group, while Norma's group is the true good people."
76561198067405257,Not Recommended,429570,22775731,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,anonymous4032,"This game is just a big 'meh'. I've played a lot of other TellTale Games including all the Walking Dead ones and this one is just light on content and 'meh'. I was expected a lot more with this being the latest one released, but I'd rather it have come out a year later with double the content. This just feels like a weekend project or something. I'd recommend skipping this.Edit: to give you some context, it only took me 4-5 hours to completely clear (it says 6 because I just left the opening menu on when I first started and alt tabbed it). It was not challenging at all."
,Recommended,429570,28691183,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chicken Shit Wizard,"Bought this game for 5$ during the winter sale. While the game is short I feel like it was able to convey an interesting story. Different parts throughout the game trigger hallucinations and flashbacks which flesh out Michonne's past demons and help her work through them. I don't know if this is based on her comic book character, but her backstory is a bit different than it was in the TV series.Anyway like most Telltale games, this one had feels at the end and if you are a fan of TWD, I would definitely recommend picking this up when it's on sale.One last note, the game crashed once in the last episode but it was stable other than that."
76561198286641363,Recommended,429570,25259325,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Urkasis,i loved it but it but at first i didnt know it was episodic but it could ise more episodes its short :/
,Recommended,429570,28187258,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Venus,"Pretty good game, however episodes are really short and the plot isn't as developed as the original game series. However bear in mind that this is a miniseries - it was not made for the same purpose. It was designed to be a quick play and an insight into Michonne's character."
,Recommended,429570,25741045,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Invisible Man,"I played the other telltale walking dead games and loved them so I was excited to play this too. The game was a lot of fun but short as you might imagine with it being a miniseries.The cinematic intro to each episode was great! and playing Michonne as a character was exciting. Somehow I felt more justified in not answering questions when i wanted because it suits her character. Where as in previous games I think i really avoided that. The story was good I'd say it follows the usual conflicts, i did feel somewhat more helpless in this game that my choices really would screw things up if i wasn't careful. Not sure if that is from learning from playing the other games or that the choices were just more brutal. Especially the final chapter it feels pretty hopeless like there is no way this is going to end in any good way. I'm not sure of all the outcomes but i'd like to think there is a slim scenario where its possible to all survive, but meh that probably isn't as fun.Anyway another great addition to the walking dead telltale games, i'd recommend it!"
,Recommended,429570,29375860,Posted: 20 January,all,WardDragon,"This was exactly what I expected from the newer Telltale games.  It is heavily focused on the story, has a lot of dialogue choices and simple interactive cutscenes, and has very little regular gameplay in between.  The gameplay that's there is decent and the story is interesting, so it works well for what it's trying to do.  Like the other Telltale games, the choices affect what other characters say to you, but most of the choices get canceled out by the end.  And each episode is less than 2 hours, so the overall game is not that long.Michonne is one of my favorite Walking Dead characters so it was awesome to have a story focused on her.  I understand that Telltale was basing her more on the comic version, but I think the actress who plays her on the show is absolutely perfect so it was a little jarring for me to have Michonne in the game look more like the comic version.  Once I got used to that, it was a good story.  It was a little simple and I didn't get as emotionally involved as I did for the first two seasons of the game, but part of that is due to the nature of this game (obviously Michonne is safe because she appears after this in the comics).  Still, I enjoyed the game overall.  It provided some interesting backstory for Michonne and it was a nice side-adventure."
,Recommended,429570,26744351,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,COCK,waiting for more spin offs
,Recommended,429570,29486602,Posted: 25 January,all,KING NIKO,"Game is short, but enjoyable. Story is a little bland, but it was cool to delve into some backstory for Michonne."
76561198180984299,Recommended,429570,34905844,Posted: 12 September,all,Prab,Pros:Amazing soundtrack particulary as the theme song that I'm only disappointed i can't seem to find anywhere else.The graphics are decent and i did like the new onscreen button prompts.Cons:The button mashing and QTE's can get a little annoying as they usually told you get was game over by the time I saw the prompt and hit the button.Most choices don't seem to make a difference on the story line.The theme song Dorothy - Gun in my hand is amazing and i found it getting better each of the 3 times i saw it at the start of an episode.I recommend this on sale and if you want some more walking dead while you wait for season 4.
,Recommended,429570,22821055,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Spo0kzilla,"This game is in no way bad, but it's in no way amazing. The episodes are only around 1 hour which is a huge dissapointment compared to telltales usual 1 hour and 30 minute episodes. It's nice but I would only recommend this if you can get it at a discounted price."
,Not Recommended,429570,26294315,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kladara,"Definitely not as good as the other Walking Dead games by Telltale, characters were forgettable & the choices didn't really matter."
76561198043827614,Recommended,429570,29618509,Posted: 31 January,all,AitchKay,"I thouroughly enjoyed the Telltale Walking Dead Season's One and Two, so naturally I was interested in purchasing the latest offering in the series. The story is on par with what you'd expect from the series, though this game is considerable shorter. You can finish it in well under 6 hours. Cut-scenes and quick time events can also be a bit choppy, which I didn't experience at all with the first two games, despite that i'm playing on the same compluter and that this game has identical quality graphics and the same gameplay style as the other games. I'd give Season's One and Two both 9 out of 10. By comparison, i'd give this title a 7."
,Recommended,429570,22811707,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,just_player1,"Хотите узнать стоит ли этих денег TWD:Michonne?Да.Игры от Telltale всегда поражают своим сюжетом и некоторыми загадками.Эта игра ничем не уступает The Wolf Among Us,разве что количетсвом эпизодов и,следовательно,количеством часов для прохождения.По сравнению с со своими ""друзьями""-TWD,TWD:Season Two,The wolf Among Us(те,которые я прошёл)стоит достаточно дёшево,но и всего лишь 3 эпизода.Сюжет затягивает,интрига развивается,обстановка накаливается ну и движуха двигается.Всем советую.Do you want to know ""Is TWD:Michonne really costs like this?""?I can answer you-""Yes"".Games from Telltale are always amazing and always have interesting story.This game is concedes nothing The Wolf Among Us except price and amount of Episodes.I reccomend this game to everyone.Thanks for attention!"
,Not Recommended,429570,22885571,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Phil,"Unlike the other WD titles that telltale has made this lacks the enviromental charisma the other titles have. None of your decisions feels like it has any impact in the overall direction of the game. The whole game feels more like a fan made version of telltales WD games rather than a well thought out game. I had no emotional response in the decsions I took and neither did I care for the characters in the game. The reason why this is happens is because the game never has an introduction to get you into the universe, get to know the characters and from there gradually get to know them better. I would not recommend this game to anyone in the current price tag or rather at all. If this would have been around 5 dollars/euros it would have been more acceptable. Some animation is real bad and The whole game just feels rushed.As for my conclusion think back on when you had the decision to either kill or save Ben in the first WD title, even though he was a little piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you still understood where he came from and why he acted the way he did which made your decision not only harder but more powerful for yourself. There were never even a slightly simular decision in this game and we are talking about Ben here which no one really cared about. So would I recommend this game to a person with a pulse? No."
76561198341017362,Recommended,429570,32918181,Posted: 28 June,all,ANDREI,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198032689942,Not Recommended,429570,23180182,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,d0uble_z3ro,"As well as being shallow and forced compared to the well written and engaging stories of Telltale Walking Dead S1 & S2, this is hands down the worst of 6 Telltale games I have played.The short 3 episode format does not make forcing yourself through the irritating and tedious conversations any easier as you will find yourself constantly wishing there was a skip dialogue option.Thoroughly unlikeable and uninteresting characters, awkward attempts at emotion with tiresome interruptions by daughter hallucinations, little to no choice consequences, held together by meaningless quick time event action sequences.On top of this, an unavoidable intro/credits sequence minutes into the START of every episode breaks what little flow it managed to buildUpside, the game looks and sounds very nice.Don’t waste your time or money, go play Walking Dead Season 1 and 2."
,Recommended,429570,26340484,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rrrr,"I played the other telltale Walking Dead games and loved them so I was excited to play this too. The game was a lot of fun but short as you might imagine with it being a miniseries.The cinematic intro to each episode was great. And playing Michonne as a character was exciting. Somehow I felt more justified in not answering questions when i wanted because it suits her character. Where as in previous games I think i really avoided that. The story was good I'd say it follows the usual conflicts, i did feel somewhat more helpless in this game that my choices really would screw things up if i wasn't careful. Not sure if that is from learning from playing the other games or that the choices were just more brutal. Especially the final chapter it feels pretty hopeless like there is no way this is going to end in any good way. I'm not sure of all the outcomes but i'd like to think there is a slim scenario where its possible to all survive, but meh that probably isn't as fun.Anyway another great addition to the walking dead telltale games, i'd recommend it!"
76561198209492585,Not Recommended,429570,33107384,Posted: 1 July,all,YT1T,Not as good as the others
76561198213702796,Not Recommended,429570,29095800,Posted: 7 January,all,mlee,"I loved the previous TWD games.  This one, I HATE.  Lots of pointless key pounding that adds nothing to the game play, it's just annoying.  There isn't much to play, it's just pounding keys through a story.  I don't feel it's worth the price AT ALL, maybe $2-$5 would be fair."
76561198006188837,Not Recommended,429570,31119593,Posted: 13 April,all,Moogri,"Slow, annoying start.Crappy choices.Annoying flashbacks.Even the reasoning for decisions are off.Some of the decisions seem to be because Michonne got triggered, not because of your own reasons.You don't feel like you're immersed as the main character unlike the first two games. You just feel like you're watching her.Gets better towards the end by putting you in one of those difficult situations with all the suspense and adrenaline flowing, but can't shake the thought that all this didn't have to happen. And the flashbacks get even more annoying.It's not terrible, and maybe I've been spoilt by the amazing previous two games, but even though this came with a walking dead package, I'm still not sure if it was worth playing.Oh, and EQE."
76561198133723623,Not Recommended,429570,22653627,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mutzy,"Okay I guess, Could have easily been just two eps tho. just over an hr an ep.and were alittle bland never felt for any the characters like you do in the normal game series"
,Not Recommended,429570,22751835,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ozzie Arcane,"This game really just feels weak compared to Walking Dead Season 1 and 2. I'm not just talking about length either, the game has some really weird writing that feels poorly thought out and rushed. Michonne's hallucinations about her past seem well done but at times the rest of the game just feels like it's there to have an excuse for the hallucinations rather then because it was a story that they felt was worth telling.The bad writing becomes painfully obvious when a character (I won't name who to avoid spoilers) in episode 2 dies due to suddenly doing something stupid that someone who has survived that long in this world would not have done. It's like the story called for him to die and the writers didn't give a proper opening for that so he suddenly becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also this game has some weird perfomance issues. I've had loading screens hang for way longer then they should, especially compared to other games from telltale. I thought it was caused by Telltale implementing their own personal cloud save system, but even when I disabled it the issue persisted. Whatever the cause is this and the bad writing kinda furthers the belief that Telltale is taking on more work then they can handle even if they won't admit it."
,Recommended,429570,21416040,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Philip,Loved Episode 1! Even know I haven't seen The Walking Dead I loved this game and the previous games
,Not Recommended,429570,28752904,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Soouuupppp,"Although it was super exciting to know Michonne would get her own DLC for this franchise, the game really was underwhelming. The choices were boring, the last choice especially. The last choice was very weak it just seemed so easy to make the decision. The game was really trying to make Michonne hallucinating about her kids seem meaningful and sad but honestly I was really disinterested with what happened to the kids. It was too obvious and they just kept showing up for no reason. I understand she was meant to hallucinating her kids through the whole game to convey that she's still traumatized with what she's lost but by the second time I saw the kid hallucinations, I was over it. The only time I remember being slightly caught off gaurd was what happened to Sam's father. The action sequences were awful too, they were so incredibly slow. I couldn't connect with the characters either, Sam wasn't really that likeable eventhough she was there throughout the whole game, as soon as Greg was gone I completely forgot he even existed, and the villains of the game were just not up to par. Overall, more thought should have been paid on how to better convey what happened to Michonne's kids, maybe even make the story a little more elaborate."
,Not Recommended,429570,29024468,Posted: 4 January,all,Colossal,"This entire game was an abysmal experience. Like Season Two, the pacing in the game is a trainwreck. Pair that with the pointlessness, the terrible plot and forgettable characters, lame uninspired ""gameplay"" and redundant dialogue choices, and overdone repitive ~inner struggle narative drama~ you get an insanely underwhelming game with no impact. Playing this gives zero additional insight to the comics or games or even their shared universe because everything is sopointless. Even Samira Wiley's performance was lackluster - not sure if that's a problem with direction or the fact she's not a voice actress. Don't spend more than $5 on it."
76561198106466155,Not Recommended,429570,22697591,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sly Cooper,"Ok so let me say that the walking dead michonne is not a bad game but it's not a great game either. The story is ""ok"". Every button is Q & E. The choices are♥♥♥♥♥♥ like is bad. The dialogue is awful just awful. To sum it up get this game while it's on sale because it's not worth 15$"
76561198052495019,Not Recommended,429570,23805784,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Drain Main Vein,"This TTG series doesn't really work for a well known character like MIchonne. You expect her to act a certain way due to the comics and show and it just feels unnatural getting to control her answers. This was also a pain in the butt to set up I spent a half an hour just trying to get full screen and resolution to work. Also, only 3 chapters?"
76561198183894763,Not Recommended,429570,26239967,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kalos,"I usually liked all the games from TellTale, but this one has been disappointing. Very short stories, no much of big relevant choices and for christ sake, who choice the voice for Michonne? I know is Samira Wiley, but if she acted in Orange is the New Black that does not mean that she is also a good voice actor.I do not recommend buying this game, go watch it from a youtube channel walkthrough or somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,429570,33075853,Posted: 1 July,all,Jebus oTO,"You can't remap the keys. As someone with an Azerty keyboard, that means it's unplayable. Well done, Telltale. I'm requesting a refund."
,Recommended,429570,30860123,Posted: 31 March,all,Mummy,"This is probably the Telltale game I underestimated the most. I waited so much for a sale, thinking a mini series isn't worth it. But you don't need a connection to the original saga to make a great game.The gameplay is great, kind of a transmission between the older TWD games and the new one. More areas to explore on your own like in TWD1 though the combat is what the modern games are like, which I really love both of those. I did not encounter any glitches and the music was great.The story is executed in a beautiful way, especially the inner part. Two main plot lines braided together, completing and complementing each other, left me with so much respect for Michonne as a character. The only regret I have is that we didn't get to know Pete a little more, or Norma, or anyone for that matter. You really don't get to know others, just Michonne a lot. Which in the end doesn't matter, you don't need to know somebody to do the right thing, maybe I just wish it was longer, but it concluded perfectly, so I can't really complain about that either.If you can't decide wether this one's worth it, don't hesitate. 9/10"
,Recommended,429570,31878623,Posted: 21 May,all,SHAZOOO,"If you like Walking Dead, you will probably like this one. It's short so better buy it on sale like me."
,Recommended,429570,23981048,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,my Deagle is better than yours,"I recommend you to purchase this game if you are a fan of the series(games tv show).If you never played twd games,i truly advice you to start with twd season 1,2.The game is small 4h of length.The story is good,i felt that it would be better if the game had a bit more chapters.I felt like the game always pressured me untill the end of the chapters,the end of the game.I dont say that its a bad game,its not comparable with the other 2 twd games from telltale games.I recommend this game(on sale)"
,Not Recommended,429570,25047624,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,betakitten,"You'll find that a lot of the positive reviews are actually negative if you read them. This game is not worth the little time it offered in story/gameplay. Your choices have no real impact on the story or dialogue and you get this feeling you are supposed to care more for some of the characters as if they were developed more over more episodes. Aside from the story ""TTG Cloud"" is broken (turn it off to save yourself heartache) . Love TTG but just can't recommend this unless on sale for next to nothing and you have a lot of free time."
,Recommended,429570,24042215,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"What's a Telltale game?An adventure game where the emphasis is on story immersion. Our inventory can hold one or two items (sometimes it is completely absent) and we never really have a complex puzzle-solving sequence. However, we interact with other characters a lot, make decisions (that can later have consequences) and we fight a lot. The latter is especially typical of the Walking Dead series - we fight hordes of zombies and these sequences are all QTE events. If you don't press the desired button in time you'll die and have to start over.How does Michonne fare?Not very well. This comes just before the 3rd Walking Dead episodic title (Season 3) is released and is meant to tell the story of Michonne - I understand she was absent somewhere in the comic books but since I do not follow that one (just the TV series) it does not make the game more interesting. Bringing over a signature character from the TV show does, but since they managed to do without such a thing for 2 seasons, why make this decision now?A Walking Dead title usually has 5 episodes which gives enough time for character development, an interesting story and also to see how our decisions affect the story along the way. Michonne's story is only told in 3 episodes - the story-telling is marred by the constant QTE sequences; the battle with the zombie drags on and on and on. Also, it isn't just a story of Michonne and the people she meets along the way; we also have flashbacks that elaborate on her family and how she was affected by the onset of the zombie catastrophe.Michonne's story is not bad. It's just very far from being as good as the rest of the Telltale games in this franchise. As I found the story interesting I'm not going to downvote this title, however, if you are a newcomer make sure you start with Season 1 instead and then move to Season 2. In fact, since Season 3 will continue Clementine's story I'm not sure who to recommend this game beside Telltale / Walking Dead fans. If it is on sale this may be a good purchase but you should note that Telltale usually makes much better adventures than this."
,Recommended,429570,21671798,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sumkndaBOOGIN,"There was no way I wasn't going to buy this game as I am an avid fan of everything Walking Dead.  I did enjoy the story, seeing new characters, nice graphics.  However, I didn't really get attached to any particular character, other than Michonne of course.  The side characters were fairly boring and unmemorable, and I feel like thats what a first chapter should try to do.  It was also very short, I definitely expected a bit more.  And the choices I made did seem rather meaningless.  Not sure if that will change in the following chapters.For $14.99, I really hope the next 2 are a bit longer and have more content. Recommended, but not until all 3 episodes are available.The baby will remember that...."
76561198119950720,Not Recommended,429570,21985688,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Glitch,"As good as this game is I have serious doubts about telltale's ability to get his game right. I don't know much about Michonne so this has been my introduction to her. To me, they are showing her in the right limelight, however, I think they need to stop overusing episodes and just make game one large adventure. I mean, each episode comes out three months after the other (I think so at least), but most of the time there are delays in this. I would much prefer them to make the game and be able to play the whole game, or at least with smaller waits."
,Not Recommended,429570,21645468,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,aH haaa HAAAAAA HA,None of your choices matter......
76561198014146141,Recommended,429570,23978309,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Great theme music+Okay art style+Good story+Would like to see a Season 2-3 Chapters only (full price is a ripoff). Get it on sale-Some quick time events not triggering correctly-Sloppy production-Some lazy voice work by Michonne-10-15 second freeze issues in some chapters-Able to walk through closed doors-Not a lot of choices-Some glitchy facial animations
76561198008580123,Recommended,429570,29543443,Posted: 28 January,all,PRAVEMI,Let's take it in a simple way...Do You like Walking Dead serie? Do You like action advetures in an interactive movie style? Do You?= BUY THIS GAME!This gave have everything what You can expect from Telltale:- excellent story with a lot of plot twists- gore in a classic Walking Dead Style- greatly written charactersCONS: it is short
,Recommended,429570,24142585,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DradonDragon,it was a really good game like a 9/10 didnt really like the flashbackshowever i loved sam and Pete Amazing charaters and i would like to see for the peoplewho played this game to find something form there story there to here mayby somethinglike seeing sam
,Recommended,429570,23809874,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DeliveryNinja,A good gritty story. Not the same as season 1 or 2 but a nice departure. There is probably around 5 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,429570,23859563,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Red,"While this game falls short relative to other walking dead titles, in terms of actual content and choice structure, it still is enjoyable. Roughly 4 hours of a linear story with some caveat at every junction to make every choice end around 90% the same way. I recommmend this game but only on a sale, the 15$ price is quite steep for the content your getting. 7/10."
76561198118745871,Recommended,429570,24008536,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nooboman,Another great Telltale game!
76561197976293803,Recommended,429570,24063017,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ghost Dog,good game / story but too much talking
,Recommended,429570,24023279,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Holty,This has got me excited for season 3!!
76561198048381919,Recommended,429570,23968162,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Triore,"A bit on the short side but it was aight i liked it it did not quite hit me in the feels like in the other teltale walking dead games and those flashbacks just annoying to me and also the price is a bit to high even now at the summer sale 7,5 for 4 hours of entertainment but hey if you liked the other teltale games you should buy this but i recommend to buy it on sale not full price"
76561198002450835,Recommended,429570,24003668,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"Fun game. Short, but I actually preferred it as it made for better pacing. Michonne is a strong character, so it made for an interesting enough story. I much prefer the interface for this game as opposed to earlier Telltale games. Much sleeker in-game. I don't see why you wouldn't like this if you enjoyed the previous Walking Dead games."
76561198175152545,Not Recommended,429570,21864609,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,1501,坑爹啊，只能玩第一章剩下的章节还要等，实在无聊的游戏，但是画面不错 ， 像看一个短片一样。没什么操作性
,Recommended,429570,22907193,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"Besides being weirdly laggy at times and the next parts of the level taking forever to load, this was a fun Telltale game and was far more entertaining than the actual comics that Michonne is based off of. I think the biggest impact this had on me was desperately wishing for Walking Dead Season 3"
76561198032139161,Recommended,429570,22809865,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Victorious,I liked this game I can't wait for another one! :)
76561198085102532,Recommended,429570,22814725,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,rakshay1996,Short and sweet. Great francise. Keep developing such games for us to be addicted
,Recommended,429570,22956477,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,nickdec97,"As an huge fan of the comics and the telltale game series, this was in fact another smash hit in there emotional joy rides we call videogames.I was real quick to play through, only a few hours, but the action was certaintly there. Some of the cut scenes from the previous games were very slow and only story driven. Knowing how bad *** Michonne is, This game changes that habit. With Michonnes intense swordsmanship, you have to string plenty of keys together to kill your enemies. There is a lot of dodging, attacking, and you aren't always sure when its going to happen so you have to stay on guard for them.I noticed though I played this differently than the other two. Where Lee and Clementine were blank slate characters with no back story except what you give them, they are you essentially. Michonne has a back story, she's been in 150+ issues of a comic series where so much has happened. As a fan of the comics, I noticed i was picking choices she would pick, even though my moral compass is higher, hers wasn't. This trend might also be seen through other fans (of the show or comic series). This is not neccessarily a good or bad thing, just an interesting feeling. I do, however, recommend you watch the show or read the comics to get a feel for the character before playing because, like i said, she is not blank slate and is a very dynamic character.Also I felt the story was pretty rushed. It was like Telltale had a schedule, and extending it from a miniseries to a full series would have made it more worth while, but they wanted to just be done with it. I vividly recall a part in the second episode, not spoiling anything, but you think this is going to be a real character defining moment, like one of those major choices you see at the end, but there is a huge left turn, just out of nowhere and its not story anymore its action.""...oh?that happened i guess...""It was definitley a noticeably rushed story, but this one wasn't about the overall story. I'd like to emphasise that this game isn't centered around the people she meets and what she does in this game. Its about her coping with the loss of her kids. Even from the first episode, although its underlying, its the whole focus of coping with extreme guilt that she has put off for so long. This is the charcter defining moment she needed explained in the comics, but kirkman never went back and told. (Rick tries and ask her where she went when she left and she dodges it. Basically the end of that in the comics.)Overall I did enjoy the story, but it was more satisfying knowing that this game filled the void a story I have enjoyed left out. The up front story was rushed but the underlying story was more powerful and neccessary in the end. It played well, got stuck at a few loading screens every now and again, but not a big deal. Another successful walking dead game for telltale. But I do still suggest looking into Michonnne's character if you have not, you'll enjoy this game more."
,Recommended,429570,24100805,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DarkestPrayer69,"This game was actally pretty good, other people complain about the shortness or the graphics of it but a great game isn't about how it looks or how long it is, a great game is measured on the stroy it possess"
76561198204955771,Recommended,429570,29111787,Posted: 8 January,all,HuYa,Amazing storyline! I recomand the entire series.
,Recommended,429570,29022323,Posted: 4 January,all,RedToad64,"Although not as long as the other Telltale Walking Dead entries, Michonne is worth picking up on sale if you need more drama and life/death choices in your life. Just be aware that this really is a miniseries in length. I suggest playing the other TWD games beforehand, although it is not exactly necessary."
76561198076380864,Recommended,429570,28777945,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,npbranco,"What can I say about this? It's a game about grief.It's not bad. There are some hard choices, there are some heartstrings being pulled. But this is not the main series. This is not Clementine stomping on your poor lil old heart and making you cry manly tears. It's just Michonne being badass but showing her tender and human side as well.If you like the comics, you should get it. Even if you've only watched the series, you can easily understand it. It's short and it's entertaining. 8/10."
,Recommended,429570,24044790,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Astore,"It plays almost exactly like the known telltale games, the story is the key to this games success, as usual.Some minor improvements habe been made to the userinterfaces, I only noticed them on second sight.The story is a dark short tale about the known character Michonne from the TV series. I'm not sure at what part of the series this takes place, yet the character is captured well. The choices you make define how the story develops, but all in all it follows a certain path.I went dark on this one and made some cruel decisions.The story however is way shorter that the other ""The Walking Dead"" parts, since there is nearly no character development and a straight to action pattern.Finished all 3 episodes in about 4 hours."
,Recommended,429570,26293694,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dozenbeer,"Although this game has some serious flaws, I still think the story is that good that I recommend buying it.......in a massive sale at least.Pros:+ the story is the main point to play this game, it is fantastic and gripping+ the music is also greatCons:- the voice acting is superb....except for Michonne. The actress playing her is terrible and even botches a simple ""Aha"", making it sound completely dead and uninterested- there is almost no gameplay in this ""game"" , you even have passages where you come out of a cutscene, have to literally walk 3 steps and go into the next cutscene......whats the point?- way too many QTEs, this wouldnt bother me so much, if they werent so pointless. A lot of them you cant even fail, meaning pressing a wrong button, still plays on as if you press the right one.......just pointless- your choices have no meaing whatsoever.......its even worse as in the very beginning the game has an exclaimer that your choices matter throughout the game, which is a big lie- throughout the whole game Michonne has these psychotic episodes about her daughters, showing surreal surroundings and such, which I absolutley didnt like. Walking Dead was always fearing reality for me, the stuff around you, not some supernatural element......- the game is very short with 3 hours and the price is way too high considering it almost costs the same as the whole Season 1, Id only recommend getting it in a 75% sale at leastI still recommend it, when its cheap. The story is gripping and nerve wrecking. I loved that so much, but its not much of a game and instead a 3 hour movie."
,Recommended,429570,28796222,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cotton,"I played this to kill time while I wait for more episodes of The Walking Dead: A New Frontier.  If you can look at this as a side quest and set your expectations low it will be fun.  The plot is predictable and like most Telltale games, the choices you choose don't change the game as much as say, Until Dawn on PS4.  All fair Telltale criticisms aside, here are some of my pros and cons.Pros:- Diverse female characters- Michonne- Simple Telltale game, it should be exactly what you expect - art style was nice.Cons:-Michonne is pictured with the two zombies like in the comic book on the title screen and the outcome of that in the game is just such a flop- Predictable- Feels like a rehash of older games: Oh look, another frivolous conflict with another group.I think if you got this game on sale, currently its -66% off so for $5.09 you can either have a sandwich or enjoy this game.  I don't think it deserves a thumbs down; yes, the story is predictable but it does give the perspective of a woman of color struggling with memories of her children and I think that diversity in all forms is valuable. I enjoyed playing as Michonne."
,Recommended,429570,26424602,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,szyмiв | вuying_cards,"I've just finished this game.What can I say?I'm real fan of Telltale productions, I love their games, but I still think that 15 euro for 4.5h of gameplay is quite too much.Also, the halucinations on the end of game were a little annoying and my decisions didn't really matter in gameplay.That's all about negatives.Positives?Everything else.Gameplay in its own is awesome - story, heroes, everything.I play and shout on my screen. It's little weird.Anyways, game is extremely good.Still waiting for 3rd season of TWD."
,Recommended,429570,29446301,Posted: 23 January,all,[FU] Ice Bear,"I'd say that it's kind of true that nothing you choose will actually change the story. It's not like the first two games where you can choose which character to save and frankly, it's made like this so 'the story can go on'. The story is good and the controls are great (Mac user here), but it's false advertisement to make you think that you can actually change anything.So it's pretty much an interactive novel, that's about it. Plus it's quite short, so it's probably better to get it on a sale. If you do that and you're prepared to not actually change anyone's life in the game, then it's a good game to just sit back and enjoy."
76561198025301417,Not Recommended,429570,28819680,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BFF Jack,"I agree with many of the reviewers here. I throughly enjoyed TWD seasons 1 and 2, but this felt hollow. The decisions were inconsequential, the controls lacked sensitivity, and I learned nothing about Michonne in the process."
76561198119006842,Not Recommended,429570,29134450,Posted: 8 January,all,Gliterry Punk ☠,5h of gameplay isn't worth the full price of this game. NEVER buy it full price
76561198137880181,Recommended,429570,26409218,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sniper Wolf,"This story follows Michonne during the time she temporarily leaves Rick's group after the war with the Saviors (comics timeline) in order to find herself and deal with her past. I read many mediocre reviews about this title and went in expecting to be underwhelmed (especially after completing Seasons 1 & 2) but I was pleasantly intrigued by the story and characters.A simple run for supplies on an abandoned ferry ends up putting Michonne and friends between a vengeful madwoman and  a couple of kids just trying to survive. All the while Michonne is haunted by her past. Can she conquer her demons in time to do the right thing?While much shorter than seasons 1 & 2, the yarn that Telltale spins in this title is no less riveting. It can be completed in around 4 hours. I was trepidatious about this short length but now that I have finished the final chapter, I feel as though I have just experienced an exciting, dramatic and action packed 4 hour interactive movie. I highly recommend this title to any Walking Dead fans and Michonne fans who want to take lead with the legendary lady herself."
76561198069846749,Recommended,429570,23964946,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,blurryface,"I'm a massive Telltale games fan and an even big Walking Dead fan, this game had a great story, acting and characters. I've read the comics so it was great to explore more of Michonne's character and the game did a great job bringing the charcter from the pages to life.The only downside to this game was how short it was, you get 3 episdoes instead of the usual 5 you expect from a Telltale game and each episode seems to be around 1 hour/1.5 hours, I really wish there was more to it. I wouldn't say this was quite as good as The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2 but still worth it for any Walking Dead/Telltale fans."
76561198282270415,Recommended,429570,29080638,Posted: 6 January,all,Juventus,"This should be a good game, but the illusion of the heroine kinda of ruined the best game experience. The image of her two daughters sometimes made me feel that I'm watching a horror movie. At the ending of the story, I think no one will choose to stay in a burning house, especially under that kind of circumstance. Happily most of the player chose the way that I chose. Anyway, I still highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,429570,28949234,Posted: 2 January,all,cNd°-° - go Arsenal!!-,For a discounted five euros it is not so bad. It gave me the best walking dead feeling with all the gore and violence.On the other hand this cloud based save f***ed up my saved games twice and it also dropped me on the desktop a few times.I recommend this on a budget price only.
,Not Recommended,429570,23932389,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BlaZZeReD,"Pros- Great story- Great characters- Epic moments- Great twistsCons- Took me only 3 hours to beat, pretty much 1 hour each episode, even with exploration.- You cant go 5 minutes without seeing those 2 dang kids. It actually gets to the point where you'll be getting annoyed at all the flashbacks and will probably quit caring for the story. I found myself trying to rush through the flashbacks near the end because they happened so often. Like 50% of the game is reality, 50% is flashbacks.- Soooooooo many QTE's.- Your choices don't really effect the story much at all.- Your group isn't in most of the story, you focus mostly on another group while your group is pretty much forgotten for a long while and left out of the story.Get the game when it is on sale. Don't buy at full price. It's good, but not all that great like other Telltale games."
,Recommended,429570,23820688,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bha!,Not as good as season 1 and 2 from Telltale. The game is quite short and story is nothing too impresive nor are the characters or decissions you have to make.It's still worth the low price it  has.
,Recommended,429570,26304820,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Shiifty ツ,"Pretty short, still made me cry just like the other 2 games. ;-;"
,Recommended,429570,29353453,Posted: 19 January,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Solid 4-5 hours of storytelling/gameplay. Some of these other reviews seem a little overcritical of the writing/story, IMO. If you're a fan of TWD and Telltale's style you will more than likely enjoy this game.One thing I would say is you might want to wait until its on sale unless you're really itching for a new Telltale game."
,Recommended,429570,22732771,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jasteria,"Although it was a little messy at times, being a Walking Dead fan, I still thoroughly enjoyed playing this.The voice acting is fantastic and there are some really stunning visuals in this one too."
76561198100377021,Recommended,429570,23992187,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KnightOfCydonia,"Alright, here goes nothing. I am writing this review because I just finished this game 3 minutes ago and I need to express my thoughts about it. This game has recieved a lot of criticism because supposedly it's too short and doesn't contain enough significant choices. However, I'd still recommend it.First of all, the story. I wouldn't say Telltale broke a record here, but if you liked the first two seasons you'll probably enjoy this plot too. It took hold of me pretty quickly and it doesn't let go, but just gets more intense. The game does not feature a lot of very big important decisions, but for a mini-series it doesn't have to, as I see it. Still, there were a few occasions where the game presented me with a choice that had me doubting till the end of the time limit. One time I even reversed the game because I just couldn't decide and afterwards got the feeling I chose wrong.The graphics are very familiar. They are mostly an improvement of the classic style of seasons 1 & 2, which is logical, since this game is newer. I think it looks gorgeous, but it's not revolutionary.Finally, the soundtrack is quite nice, especially the song that plays during the opening credits of each episode. During the game I didn't pay much attention to the music, but the song at the end credits of the last episode fitted well with the ending of the game in my opinion.However, there are some downsides. No, the game is indeed not long. It took me approximately 4 hours to beat. One episode per evening, so you're done pretty quickly. I think it would be worth replaying it though, I would definitely want to find out what the other choices do.Unlike the other Walking Dead games, I felt like I didn't really have enough time to build up interesting relationships with the other characters. Sure, I got to know them and what they were like, but their backstory wasn't explained in detail most of the time. However, often enough I ended up caring for them or hating them etc., so it wasn't a big bother for me.Additionally, my game froze two or three times in the middle of conversation (not while loading). After 10 seconds or so it would continue on, but is was a bit weird.So to sum up:-Positive: engaging story with enough interesting choices, nice looking graphics, enjoyable soundtrack.-Negative: not long, and consequently  maybe not much time to explore characters and relationships, and (at least for me) some minor technical faults.I would absolutely recommend this game for people who liked the first two seasons of TWD: the game. I bought it for €7,50 in the summer sale, which is more than worth it in my opinion. If you're a very big fan even the normal price (double) might be acceptable, but I'd make use of the opportunity while you can."
76561198178995685,Recommended,429570,28656688,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,icegrrl,Not as great as the other WD games but still worth it. Would have liked it more if it was longer.
76561198290189213,Recommended,429570,28668178,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,William_Glozz,"As always..... Thank you, Telltale"
,Recommended,429570,28660760,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Blair Michelle,Bit of a creepier storyline than the other TellTale TWD games so far. Enjoying the fact that Michonne has a lot of 'realistic' no BS dialogue you can choose from.
76561197979054535,Not Recommended,429570,23950956,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Angel of Death,"The game is pretty bad compared to the first season of Walking Dead by Tell Tale. Pretty short, not really difficult choices and a non-sense with Michonne's girls making her crazy (I don't read the comics nor watched the show yet) but when 98% of a player base make the same choice about staying with the girls of Michonne I think something went bad in the narrative design of the game.Would not recommend it above 3/4 € for game time (finished it in 3 hours...) and quality of content."
,Recommended,429570,25002666,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Calbinaters,"Wow! This game is definitely worth the $15 that I spent! Such a amazing story and great characters! This game shows the backstory of the character in The Walking Dead Comics Michonne! If you are a fan of the comics, the TV show, and the previous games, I would recommend buying this game! Although it is really short (3 chapters) It's ment to be a short story. (9.5/10)"
,Recommended,429570,32857575,Posted: 27 June,all,¿īnsæņE? ✌,Awesomy Story!! Telltale Series keep suprising us with these stories!!
76561198091945959,Recommended,429570,32900491,Posted: 27 June,all,Sam980,Its good overall I got it for 4$ and its worth that for sure. At full price its still worth it but it feels really short only 4 hours to complete it. But it has some really good characters in it would be cool if we got to meet Pete and his crew in Season 4 with Clementine.
,Recommended,429570,31552704,Posted: 4 May,all,Yuki,"Short storyline about Michonne. If you're interested in her and/or liked the previous games (or the comics), give it a try, but don't expect too much. Game is also very short and pretty much the same old Telltale formula, so nothing much to talk about - I'll cut right to the chase.VERY GOOD action sequences (maybe the best of the series yet)VERY SHORT and not-so-deep story about the usual old humanity/survival-crapsetting is NICE (town built of ships), BUT not used to full extentflashbacks are great and maybe the MOST INTERESTING part about the whole story...also flashbacks make Michonne maybe the ONLY INTERESTING character in the whole storylineTOO SHORT to create any sorts of big emotions♥♥♥♥ DECISIONS!Still, I recommend..."
,Recommended,429570,33062653,Posted: 30 June,all,CherryB♡mb ♪,"Very interactive compared to the previous games. Glad I managed to pick this up while it was on sale. A bit short, but definitely worth the play. Michonne is one badass ^^"
,Not Recommended,429570,24097464,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MonsterBrand,"This game should have been DLC.  There is much less interactivity with the environment than the 'main' Walking Dead game by Telltale.  The characters are somewhat interesting, but you don't get to interact with them long enough to actually care about their personal plot development.  The game was also a short one.  I felt I did more watching than playing/making decisions.  If you're a huge Michonne/Walking Dead fan though, you'll probably like that you get to learn a little more about the character on her adventures away from Rick and the gang. In short though, I'm glad I waited until this one was on sale."
76561197987053704,Not Recommended,429570,31538458,Posted: 4 May,all,Crater Creator,"In short,Michonneis like a 3-bite snack to the original TWD game's full course meal.Each episode is about 90 minutes of play.  While it wisely sticks with the formula of action mixed with dialogue, its biggest problem is there isn't enough time for character development.  The game says ""Pete will remember that,"" but you don't get caught in webs of lies later, or build someone's trust over time based on what you say.  Whether you open up to someone or say nothing, confront them or acquiesce to them, your choices don't seem to matter.  You don't see relationships develop step by step from start to finish, the way it did between Lee and Clementine.Who are you supposed to care about here?  The boat crew you see for a few minutes before separating from them?  Your kids that you only see via flashback?  Just because the game tells me I should have a bond with them, doesn't make it so.  At least you don't have to keep people you don't like around for long.In fairness, I haven't read the comic book.  But in the original game, that wasn't necessary.  I won't spoil the final, climactic choice, but note that over 90% of players made the same decision.  I think that demonstrates that the game failed to set up a real breaking point, where each option had merit on moral, philosophical, spiritiual, orsomekind of grounds.I can only recommendMichonnefor people whose hunger for more TWD content is fierce, and even then I'd only buy it on sale."
76561198158516835,Not Recommended,429570,24087961,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,luckystrike,Really disappointed when it's compared with TWD 1 & 2...
,Recommended,429570,33603148,Posted: 17 July,all,Vuze,"While the Michonne Miniseries is on the shorter side - as the name suggests - it was definitely a very enjoyable experience. The cast is great, the story is well paced and ""gameplay"" nicely balanced. There is little to explore in comparison to the bigger TellTale games but to be frank, I was never a huge fan of that element to begin with so it was nice to see a more linear take on that for once.I wish they would allow the player to skip the recaps and previews, it's rather annoying in other TellTale titles as well but especially so in this 5h miniseries. Unlike with the Batman game, I haven't run into any technical issues whatsoever. The art style is on point and I adore some of the music pieces they used.Highly recommend this if you're into the genre! Really enjoyed my time with it."
,Recommended,429570,33473649,Posted: 12 July,all,Ezzy,"I love The Walking Dead series. But too sad, this miniseries is too mini for me. I just want more about Michonne, that poor lady. For miniseries, ermm yeah. It's not bad. I'm still enjoyed it, but please, I want more.If you currently playing for The Walking Dead, this miniseries is a must to have in your collection."
,Recommended,429570,28292419,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,HaNZeN,"If you are reading the walking dead comic like me. Then you should get this, because that's what got me here and it make you understand michonne in the TWD comic a little more. she has such a cool charater, but you dont know much about her, with this game. You will know a little more about her"
,Recommended,429570,24044905,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hiccupingdragon,Pro's-Great charachters-Good to have while waiting for season 3-fully fleshed out story-YOUR FRIKEN MICHONNE-Great fight sequencesCons-A bit short but the price makes up for thatverdict 7.8/10
,Recommended,429570,28689321,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Makkersjnr,"Worth every penny.The game not only ties into the series of the walking dead but also has its own story line that makes sense and is totally enjoyable thought the game.Not a very long game, about 3-4 hours of game time but it truly is worth playing."
,Recommended,429570,26330852,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TheLegendaryApe,Awesome game!! Love it!
,Recommended,429570,29170188,Posted: 10 January,all,Capt Macca,"★★★★★ - ""Do not miss this game""PROS:- Strong story, really got me sucked in nice and early and didn't let go.- Good characters, especially Michonne.- Excellent decision making in key situations.- Short and sweet, its a mini series and it works well.- Quality story telling at an even cheaper price.CONS:- None really.VERDICT?I love telltale games and find the walking dead series are the strongest, this is no exception."
,Recommended,429570,31083739,Posted: 11 April,all,paulhoog,"In short: Inferior to the first Telltale WD games, but playable. Biggest drawback:  At 5 hours, this game is too short and could have benefitted from a richer storyline. I give it a hesitant thumbs up; buy it on sale."
76561198170610823,Recommended,429570,28757692,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ciber Rat,gg
76561197960818168,Recommended,429570,28771581,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Toxic,"NOTE: The review below is still my opinion, but be aware that the cloud save will not work. Backup your saves manually BEFORE closing the game. Or you have to start all over again.A truly great game, like the rest of the series it will leave you emotionaly drained at the end.The gameplay for me personally was great, the quick time events where easy but enough to make it fun.Since the story is so important and well done I personally like less of the quick time events. I prevere making the dialog choices.This game is short, but in the end... no matter how long it is... it is short. Probably a good thing for me, because I end up playing the whole game in one sitting.I can really recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed any of the other walking dead games."
76561198124176834,Recommended,429570,28771811,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,trolls.b3.h4t1ng,"The Walking Dead Game series is one that is very close to my heart. Despite the poor reviews it's gotten from some people, TWD: Michonne is no exception for me.This game, as far as I know (I haven't started New Frontier yet), is a complete standalone game. Choices from previous TWD games don't factor in, and even though I played this first just to be safe, it seems as if choices from Michonne won't matter in New Frontier, the next game in the TWD game series. If you're looking to be a completionist for the main series, this game probably won't help you there (though if I find out otherwise, I'll update my review).Before this gets any longer, I'll start with the positives and negatives of this game, based off my experience.+You don't have to be familiar with the comic/TV series to enjoy it, you don't even have to play the other games to enjoy it+Story kept me hooked from the beginning+Brand new cast of characters who you'll love and hate+Michonne (character) feels well-written, has flaws and struggles like any good character should-I had a lot of problems running this game. I had to alt+enter to make it fullscreen, as it wouldn't give me the option in the settings or in the window. At one pointafter they put Randall's hands in the vice, my screen turned white but the game audio still played. Pressing ESC didn't work, closing and reopening the window didn't work. I was lucky the game saved right before the screen turned white, because I could only fix it by exiting the game and waiting for a few minutes before restarting it. I also had some lag but that could have been my laptop, it doesn't run the greatest.-Story didn't feel as good as the main series of TWDG.-A little too expensive for all the bugs I had and for the amount of episodes, compared to a game from the main series.-Characters are forgettable and now very fleshed-out/antagonists feel a little too much like ones from the main series*-This one is just a personal thing but there were absolutely no settings to change screen resolution or mouse sensitivity, which really bugged me because I had problems with the window size when booting up the game and it was hard to do certain quicktime events or pick choices because I lost the USB to my controller and had to use a mouse and keyboard.Quick summary:TWD: Michonne was good, but not great. It seemed too much like a filler between seasons of the main series (though I did enjoy this more than 400 Days). The story kept me interested, but I was never on the edge of my seat. I'd also like to add that the character Michonne here is supposedly written to be more like her character in the comics rather than the TV series, though I haven't gotten into the comics yet and I'm not a big fan of the TV series. I really enjoyed her character here, but I cannot confirm if she's truly in character or not as I haven't explored much of the world of TWD outside the games. I honestly enjoyed the game, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who isn't a hardcore fan of the series or who is looking for something small to start the game series. I'd recommend watching a Let's Play of a small portion of this before buying it, or buy it on sale, if you aren't sure if this is for you. There is very little gameplay to it, but the quicktime events did catch me off guard quite often, though they still weren't difficult. I would also recommend trying this with a controller if you have the option available."
76561198083569951,Recommended,429570,28758886,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,katzman,"I would only recommend to buy this game on sale , otherwise don't bother , watch the walkthrough on youtube, the story is somehow good , plotholes yes, i feel that there is one big miss , michonnes katana has no story.... only a machete  for the entire 3 episodes... characters felt good but i still wanted more michonne. they should have made a bigger story that ended with the begining of her when she meets rick and the gang and ended right there, or make the origin story of Negan ( which is not a bad idea, hopefully telltale reads my comment)"
,Recommended,429570,33728895,Posted: 22 July,all,memeguy2012 | yare yare daze,"i don't even know what to say about this one, is not good or bad, it is a twd game that gave you the good vibe, but playin as a mother whom kids died is not so cool2spooky4me7/10 not so good and REALLY SHORTwhatever it gets a Yes from me because i loved the story"
,Recommended,429570,28124184,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zamorac_,I didn't think I'd like this game as much as I did; for Telltale it is a new style of game with the amount tf quicktime actions and the soundtrack was simply amazing. Didn't make me cry like the first 2 did though. :/  8/10
,Recommended,429570,26320301,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[ϟ] Rosie,"Short, but sweet!"
,Recommended,429570,28770278,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MoonLightLover,The second DLC for TWD game is absolutely amazing and heartwarming. It follows the comics/tv shows michonne. The characters are amazing and the storyline is also pretty amazing. I would recommend this DLC so much.
,Not Recommended,429570,33294621,Posted: 5 July,all,Tiny Problem,"I'm a Telltale fan, so it pains me to write this review. This is one of the worst games I've ever played. The storyline was bad, the decisions you had to make often included ""What? Why would anyone in their right mind do that?"" choices, most of the cut scenes were too long and didn't drive the gameplay, you couldn't escape out of credits (why do I have to watch the damn credits *every* time I finish a chapter?!), the game mechanics were absolutely horrendous and the game itself was filled with glitches. I bought it on sale, and I'm extra glad I didn't waste any more money on this piece of garbage than I did. The worst part was that it seemed like no matter how you played Michonne, the storyline stayed the same. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,429570,33323984,Posted: 6 July,all,Monst3rCaptain,Didn't like this.. Not worth more than 5€├
,Recommended,429570,33909625,Posted: 30 July,all,Grahmbler,"It's a good and extremely thrilling Game. The only negative is the short play time. At all I would say, it is worth to play this Game."
76561198066160684,Not Recommended,429570,29323639,Posted: 17 January,all,benp661,"It's kind of meh. The story's nothing when compared to the 1st or 2nd season, but it's not terrible. My main gripe is the length. Each episode is just over an hour in length and the whole thing can be completed in about 4 hours.Additonally, choices here don't really matter (again).With all that aside, if you really love Michonne and the Walking Dead, go ahead and pick this up. Just maybe wait for a sale."
76561197993664311,Recommended,429570,31187665,Posted: 16 April,all,Scarran,Recently got this on sale and I can't believe i've never picked it up before now. Excellent side story of Michonne and complements the Walking Dead series perfectly.
,Recommended,429570,32723461,Posted: 24 June,all,Karwovskyyシ,Very good game between first and second season.
76561198003683964,Recommended,429570,35151381,Posted: 23 September,all,m33rK0,"I really can't understand why so much hate on this game- Very good storyline: the line between being good or being evil is always ...blurry- Focus on Michonne, one of the best characters in the comics (and in the tv serial)- Of course it is not at the same level of the walking dead season I and II, but can't categorize this as a good game. I really enjoyed it.CONS:- Sometimes some graphic glitch- Sometimes your choiches really don't matter at all. But think about it: wasn't it pretty much the same on the first two season of the walking dead (I don't know about the new frontier, still have to play it) ?"
,Recommended,429570,31467905,Posted: 30 April,all,[CurRY],good gamea short one tho [4hrs];-; sam is <3
,Recommended,429570,32174374,Posted: 4 June,all,sam,"There's a great story here, but it's unfortunately bogged down by an irritating number of QTEs and some very disposable side characters. Glad I played through it, but it did feel tedious at times. Would recommend, but only if you're OK with pressing Q and E at regular intervals."
76561198041710532,Not Recommended,429570,28710865,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Eklen,"I finished the game in just four hours. I got it for 5€, so I won't complain much, but still it's not exactly worth even for that price. I think a game should be fun, challenging and entertaining, this might have been a good product, but it's to damn short."
,Not Recommended,429570,26322788,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mutts 3.0,"Short review for a short game.Game wasn't great compared to ""TWD"" & ""TWD: 2"". In both of the previous games you got to know the characters and you really cared for them. They were well developed and your decisions really felt like they played a role into how the story would unfold and what would become of your characters throughout the game.In ""TWD: Michonne"" It was the opposite. The game felt really short and at no point did I care about any of the characters or any of the choices I made as it really felt as though they would have no impact to the story anyway and even they it did, I didn't care.I could play through ""TWD"" & ""TWD: 2"" quite happily again but one playthrough of ""TWD: Michonne"" is enough for me which is a shame but I was really expecting more.I won't recommend this game unless you get it for a heavily discounted price (£2.50 Steam sale is a fair price).Mainly because it is really short, story wasn't great and has some annoying action thing that you have to repeat throughout which I haven't mentioned in this review."
76561197995128738,Recommended,429570,22857710,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Shake Zula,Norma ain't no Delilah.  Or Katja.  Not a bad Detective Branagahn.
,Not Recommended,429570,35488557,Posted: 5 October,all,twitch.tv/dolosGG,Half of my time was spent telling the game just to get on with it.  Weakest in the series by far.
,Not Recommended,429570,23136226,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,oddy,Not worth the purchase.... tooo short and hardly any action. so many SAVES!
,Not Recommended,429570,23969576,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FloydSwampy,"Here's how to playThe Walking Dead: Michonne:You watch a cutscene for 5 minutes. Then all of the sudden you have to hitAso you don't get killed by a zombie, but you fail to do that because you are so shocked about actually being able to do something that you aren't able to pick up your controller in time, which you just put down because you were WATCHING A CUTSCENE FOR FIVE MINUTES. So you die. Prepared for what is about to happen, you watch the cutscene again - and this time the controller stays in your hands.Now it comes. The moment we've all been waiting for. The cutscene is about to end. Your palms are getting swetty, your heart is pumping. This it it. Your time has come. The button prompt pops up. You lift your thumb, move it to the A button aaaand BAM! The button is pressed!Well that would have happened if the game had actually recognized that you did press the button. Too bad.Now you've gotta do it all again only to watch the next 5 minutes.So all in all this game captures the frustrations of living through hell in a zombie apocalypse, all the while you're suffering from PTSD pretty well."
,Recommended,429570,24110711,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kaen,"If you keep in mind that it is a mini-series, hence much shorter than the usual telltale games, and buy it on a sale, it should not disappoint. Although you don't get invested in the characters that much (it takes around 4 hours to play the whole game), instead there are several flahbacks and hallucinations, which create am eerie atmosphere, kinda different from WD S1&2. For me, that was certainly the best part of the game. Also, voice acting, soundtrack and graphics are great."
,Recommended,429570,24010972,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rick,"WD: Michonne took a little while to get started, but turned out to be an enjoyable and at times thought provoking story. It was nice to play as a character who could hold their own in a fight, making the combat more intense. I'm not sure how the choices really effected the overall outcome of the story, but I felt a part of what was happening and it makes for more interactive storytelling.Overall it's a solid entry into the telltale series. Although as a miniseries it sits at about 4 hours to complete, so bear that in mind when purchasing."
,Recommended,429570,28915242,Posted: 1 January,all,Niiyo-chan,"Despite its much shorter length, I enjoyed this more than the first two seasons. Your decisions seemed to matter more, Michonne was a much more likable character than Lee or Clementine."
,Recommended,429570,23791333,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Diemrfly,"The Walking Dead: MichonneI literally don't think I've ever felt like such a badass before playing as Michonne.Combat is a lot quicker and much more complex than it is in the rest of The Walking Dead games by Telltale. Q's, E's, and WASD's have since made a baby and named it 'combos'.In 3 chapters, Telltale have put across the message, story, characters, and everything else needed for this game to be satisfyingly complete.7/10Would die four times in one fight and live to tell the tale again."
76561198037691327,Recommended,429570,22799081,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Warlord,Very nice mini series. For me better than TWD 1 and 2. I guess the lead chracter won me over. Recommended for sure to anyone who loves the series. Maybe a little short but if you get it on a sale it is worth it.
76561198078806162,Not Recommended,429570,23476913,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Alexrat428,"The other games in this series were amazing but this one blew it. This was not the amazing season 3 we were waiting for, it was just a bad rip off. I didn't feal like any of my choices impacted anything. The only cool part in the game is in episode 3 (I don't think this is a spoiler but skip it if you want to) where you confront Norma in front of Sam's house,You also know this game is bad when the last big choice of the game isSPOILER ALERTDo you suicide to stay with your two probably dead  children in one of your hulucinations for two extra secondsORYou leave your two probably dead children in one of your hulucinations to escape from a burning house saving your lifeHim... which one should I pick.... suicide seems pretty fun but living is pretty cool too........"
,Not Recommended,429570,26307302,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Blesstra,"Couldn't login to their community.Couldn't save on cloud if don't login.Change resolution as usual with sub.Played for one hour miss one button deadand game got black screen with background musicso back to menu to find out game didn't save any progress. Maybe a bug.Exit the game and play again, everything get back to default even game option that just set.And save game is lost.THE WALKING FACTORY RESET HAS BEEN RELEASE!!WHAT HAPPEN!! THE FIRST AND THE SECOND EPISODES DIDN'T GET ANY PROBLEM.BUT THIS ONE FORCED TO LOGIN THEIR COMMUNITY TO SAVE ON THEIR CLOUD(and I can't login because of I lived in SEA or other solution).I TRY TO RUN AS ADMIN,SET IT TO WIN 7,8 AND WON'T WORK.YOU WILL GOT FACTORY DEFAULT ALL TIME WHEN YOU PLAY.THAT MEAN YOU LOST ALL PROGRESS.I NEVER THOUGHT THIS WILL HAPPEN.THANK TO TO STEAM THAT I CAN CLICK REFUND IFI CLOUD REFUND THE FIRST AND THE SECOND EPISODES TOO IT WILL BE GREAT."
,Recommended,429570,28641210,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Knu,"Although i enjoyed it, i don't think this games is justified for its full price. Grab it for 5€ or so during the sales, as it is very short (just three episodes, roughly a little more than 1h each).The story follows Michonne (duh) and it's nice enough, especially considering they had to work with an established character, which is never easy.I strongly advise to turn off TTG cloud saves as i lost my saves after episode1 (apparently happened to a lot of other people too)."
76561198017681447,Recommended,429570,32263798,Posted: 8 June,all,ferretsrule,"First off I would have to say this is not worth full price, you don't get much content save your cash and get it but only on sale. Once price is out of the way I would say i enjoyed this short little story about Michonne, I enjoy the series and have had an enjoyable time in the past with some Telltale games and this one is by no means the worst. It fleshes out some of her backstory and didn’t seem to drag, it would have been nicer to have a little more character development, but then again this is the walking dead and everyone at some point seems to die."
76561197970735316,Not Recommended,429570,24060662,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lhee,"I know Telltale games have a horrible reputation for save file bugs, but they usually manage to work them out by the time the final episode is released.  Not this time.Finished chapter 1, started chapter 2, game crashed on the first interactive choice, save file lost entirely.  How do they still keep managing to screw up this very important detail?"
,Recommended,429570,25502929,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Negan,This game is a nice addition to the Telltale Walking Dead series. It bridges gaps in the comic book story and provides a bit more background to Michonne. While its nowehere near as good at seasons 1 and 2 (Which I think are phenominal) this is still a welcome bonus to the regular seasons and well worth a playthrough.
,Not Recommended,429570,33664005,Posted: 19 July,all,reven,"Very very very short game, about 4 hours ""gameplay"".   These games have become more and more just quick time events, and small dialogue choices.  This one is pretty dull, doesnt even come close to TWD1/2.I'd buy for $2 but more than that, and nah, don't waste your time/money."
,Recommended,429570,28398812,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,pastard,"This game's very nice. I liked the story, it was quite simple.Michonne's back story was also quite interesting!I did enjoy some elements... for example some plot twists got me gasp.You don't need to know anything about the other games to play this, which is good!Only minus I can think of, was that I beat the game in almost 4 hours. I feel like there could've been a bit more.But yeah.Would I recommend it? Yes. If you enjoy the other TWD games, then absolutely."
76561198040590713,Not Recommended,429570,26746025,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Freon,"I like Telltale games and i like TWD, but i was dissapointed by this Game.It was way more focused on the click this and that parts instead on telling a tale.If i want to play something, which is focussed on timing i'd rather choose a jump and run game.But I play Telltale Games 4 the story, and the story of Game was very short. The Game itself took me only 5h to get through, thats half as long as the last TWD Telltale Game and was focussed on the action parts which are not my favorite. Therefore i can not really recomend this game."
,Recommended,429570,26353963,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[B.n.B] mcbertie,another great tale from telltale - but best thing about hole game is soundtrack by dorothy - gun in my hand..........
76561198043940478,Recommended,429570,30826339,Posted: 29 March,all,hyper_gateway,"A really nice mini series, it is not as long as TWD season 1 and 2 though. Honestly speaking, some may find paying in full for short series does not worth it. In my opinion, it depends on how you value her and her story before meeting Rick's company.I got this miniseries under 75% off which is quite a deal! If you have time, wait till it is on sale~ :D"
,Recommended,429570,29065088,Posted: 6 January,all,JVCaires,"The Walking Dead em essência, porém por um curto tempo!The Walking Dead Michonne é um dos jogos mais fiéis as HQ's já produzidos pela Telltale, tem uma história Boa, não chega perto das encontradas na série original protagonizada por Clementine mas entretem e transmite um importante momento vivenciado por Michonne.A jogabilidade e os gráficos foram levemente melhorados mas não apresentam nenhuma grande inovação.O grande problema desse titulo é que fora de periodo de promoção ele pode ser injusto com relação ao preço, mas por 9 reais é mais do que justo e entrega tudo o que promete!"
,Recommended,429570,28889798,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shitman Is Busy(屎人很忙),"劇情還可以，但太短。整體來說不如The Walking Dead Season 1, Season2可以考慮買即將推出的season3即可但如果你想多了解米瓊恩的過去，可以考慮買一下。PS: 遊戲讀取時有時候會londing很久...甚至發生在關鍵情感時段。Storyline is not bad, but too short.In general, the game is not better than TWD: Season1, Season2.If you like Season1, Season2, I recommand you wait for Season3.But if you want to know more about Michonne, buy it.PS:  Loading this game sometimes took a lot time, even in key moment."
76561198165481288,Not Recommended,429570,30046105,Posted: 19 February,all,±Ñø$É$±°Ñª$ëñm@ñ°,"got this game in sale for less than 5 bucks, but for me it's not worth even them. while the music + painted graphics are well done again, the story is way to short and the game ends abrupt,"
,Recommended,429570,22901864,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Aurelie Nix,"For a more in depth review of the series as a whole and each episode seperatly, check out A Woman on the Internet on Facebook & Wordpress.-Not only was this mini-series a good reminder of what TellTale was able to do back when The Walking Dead Season 1 first came out and blew everyone’s mind, but also a good reminder of the amazing stories and female characters you can write when you have multiple women directly at the wheel of video game making.Episode: 10/10 – This was hands down the best episode of the 3.Series: 9/10 – I truly would have loved it if they had made a full fledged series for Michonne. The potential was there/is there, and they should have just gone with it. I don’t think that the price is right considering that for three episodes of about an hour you only have 3-4 hours of gameplay and the replay value simply isn’t there, but I would absolutely recommend buying this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,429570,24049589,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maya,"Bugged as hell, FPS drops in cut-scenes, loooong loadings.Busted scenario, that kiddo flasbacks give me a lot of pain, too much of em."
,Not Recommended,429570,28366709,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,korgu,I can describe this game in just 3 words:Short and boring.
,Not Recommended,429570,29198667,Posted: 11 January,all,Dubble,My least favorite Walking Dead Telltale game. Nothing much worth seeing here.
,Not Recommended,429570,31969831,Posted: 26 May,all,HantuDuppy,"Down voted for forcing spoilers between chapters. No skip button. Pauses if I minimize. If I window mode the game, and start browsing in order to wait for the spoilers to finish, nope SPOILERS PAUSED! Whoever came up with the idea of putting spoilers in the game needs to be fired."
,Recommended,429570,23840806,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shira,"I saw a lot of negative reviews towards this game saying that it sucks and it's short.HELLO! It says that it is ""MINISERIES"" so if you use your brain by a little, you can expect this game being short.I competed it in 5 hours and I feel great. The story itself was cool and it was intersting playing it.Pressing Q and E at some moments felt intense like in previous Telltale Games.Just buy it with 50% off if you are fan of Walking Dead Series and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,429570,25215337,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,shoot man,Not as much content as the other games (it's called a miniseries) but if you like telltale you will want to play this.
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,429570,30591210,Posted: 18 March,all,Awesomo 2000,"More of the same game as previous Walking Dead games. I think the episodes were actually even shorter than before and except of graphically improved QTE buttons I didnt find anything special about this game. Walking dead fans will buy it anyway, but for me who is geeting bored of Walking Dead, nah."
,Recommended,429570,25740780,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,JεnηΦHαru,"This game is so good...Finished this in a day, never know when time passes so quickly when playing this.Won't regret playing this :X"
,Recommended,429570,34737142,Posted: 4 September,all,☪ GhØst,"Classic Telltale The Walking Dead game. If you're a fan of the others, you will enjoy this one as well. It has a good story that I enjoyed!"
,Not Recommended,429570,28081045,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,anarka,"This game was just brutally disappointing and narratively incoherent. You're not aloud to be lazy about storywriting when that's the only reason to play your game. Controls terrible, the QTE events were absolutely enraging and repetitive and not fun at all. This game (and GOT) convinced me that TellTale is not trying hard enough to warrant immediate purchases anymore. Will be waiting for sales and for series to be complete from now on. Advise the same."
,Not Recommended,429570,28197710,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mr.Morose,For the Price of the game its just not worth it! Its three episodes long and each episode is about an hours worth of game play. I did enjoy playing as Michonne but I would have love to have seen a longer story ark! Dont buy this at full price you will be very disapointed
,Not Recommended,429570,33365775,Posted: 8 July,all,Nachton,"3/10This game seemed interesting at first but didn't really feel like it went anywhere. I played Season 1 and 2 and loved them. The story line in this miniseries was just so shallow and boring. You don't really get options, i felt like half the time i could let  time run out and the story would go on. Also I felt like some of the animations were pretty sloppy. Spent too much time on the cool menu screen lol. Overall this was Superpoop. Too bad i heard Season 3 is garbage as well. Rip Telltale Games TWD."
,Not Recommended,429570,33351283,Posted: 7 July,all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"Easily the worst Telltale game to date. Storyline is all over the show and very boring. In fact so boring, I have just finished this game and can't even remember most of it. The main character is normally someone you come to love, but you end up hating this one because she is so annoying and so dull and miserbale all the time. Ending is rubbish. There was actually no point to this spin off whatsoever in my opinion. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,429570,26641502,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ICS,"Stay away, even if you liked previous games.I played first episode, all was fine. The beginning was odd but thankfully it got better. Then i tried to start EP2 and all i get is indefinite loading screen. Loading cursor spins on lower right corner and screen is blank, nothing happens. This is the end for me for this game. Game has been loading all this time i've typed this review and still it's not loading. I tried restarting game many times but still nothing.Other cons:Whose bright idea was to force v-sync on? Because i missed things due to it slowing down key presses aka input from the keyboard.Another idiotic thing is to move stuff that was in previous games, such as percentage on what you did vs others behind telltale network account. No, i dont want to create an account for that. Give me those freely and not just 4 option summary.With dual screen monitor setup, game does not lock your mouse on the game screen. it slides to the other monitor. Very annoying at times when you need to move your mouse to do things at the edge of the screen or yank the mouse as the game tells you to."
76561198020918685,Recommended,429570,24216242,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Barney,"A gut-wrenching e.p. of a game, piling on the usual TWD tension and misery at an impressive clip. Genre familiarity dulls it a bit, but there are still quite a few interesting choices to be made. Bleak, in a good way."
,Recommended,429570,22654506,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This was an interesting game. But TWD season 1 and 2 were way better. I thought that chapters were really short, and there was a certain limitation to your choices. But overall, I do recommend this game for TWD/Telltale fans.7/10."
,Recommended,429570,21413286,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Snark,"****************SPOILER ALERT**********************************Ep.1.- Oh look, we are prisoners... again. Carver's camp déjá vu.except...Well, I quit the game, now I have an unkillable process of it running in the background, gotta reboot to fix... yay...Ep.2.- Oh, let's open the safehouse door and stand right there in the open to offer a clear shot... Very cautious... Michonne should've had an option to pull him to safety, or like, have an option to say 'watch out, throw that thing over the fence, don't open the gate'... Aww man... After he opened the door, I bet every player was like 'oh he ded'."
,Recommended,429570,21412687,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NC-17,"Episode 1:Telltale delivers again. Gripping and intense as expected, although the first episode could be a bit longer (before anybody gets irritated by this opinion; a mini series doesn't automatically mean shorter episodes). Too early to compare it with TWD s. 1 and s. 2, but I'm sure Michonne's story is gonna turn out really great as a whole in the end. Can't wait for the second episode!8/10.To be continued... :)"
,Not Recommended,429570,21427664,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Olivier,"Updated review:Still unrecommended for the same reason:The Windows version has constant framerate drops and freezes making it impossible to enjoy.However, the OS X version barely has any - this was also the only way for me to finally play the episode.Overall, I'm not displeased with my purchase, even though I do think the first episode was a bit lackluster.I don't think this is worth purchasing full price."
76561198045017239,Not Recommended,429570,21447520,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Randy Newman,"There is barely any control over your character in it's enviroment, only 1.5 hours of gameplay, and no character development. It is not worth $14.99. If I could change my choice to buy this now, I would."
76561197967061841,Not Recommended,429570,21994653,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Campin Nubi from Hell,IMO the content and storyline doesnt live up to prior releases and a playtime of under 3 hours is way too short.
76561197997193198,Not Recommended,429570,21418533,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,dalulu,"Just played first episode. It seems poorly written, VEEERY slow passed it's actually getting anoying. The characters are too stereotypical for my taste - like no grey areas. All in all I thought it was a boring episode and I was waiting for it to end. 3 stars out of 10. 3 stars because I it kind of made me play it all the way through I guess."
,Recommended,429570,22295137,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Romero,"it's pretty good, just the episodes are really short. understandable since it's a mini-series.only one issue.no kenny."
,Recommended,429570,28683868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,big kuf,"short but good, if you liked the other telltale games you should play this one"
,Recommended,429570,22734076,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Fredrikorex,"While I do want to keep this short I can't recommend this without warning you that it's not for everyone, the game has  flashbacks/hallucinations that ruins the flow of the game somewhat. The visions (as I'd like to call them) take up too much time and there are way too many, making it feel like the game is forcing you to care.The game is also pretty short, other than that I don't feel like complaining much more.Well... just wtf is the reason the frame rate gets capped in fullscreen?It was alright, some of the best action scenes from Telltale so far."
76561198150536960,Recommended,429570,24340754,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,shaunthesheep,"wait until discount, 3hours for  15? no"
,Not Recommended,429570,31133790,Posted: 14 April,all,Qworn,"Too short, dialogue choices change nothing, jump scares made me stop playing."
76561197972197160,Recommended,429570,23110023,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mad Mike,Hey where is ep 2 and 3? when they be out?? Waiting.............. ;={
,Recommended,429570,28413924,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DragonPC,Love this crazy game ! Love Telltale Games ! Love Michonne ! Love Walking Dead ! Love Zombies ! ! Love you all !
76561198085845512,Not Recommended,429570,23966860,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DeadEyeMaster1,"It's pretty hard to decide whether to give this one telltales miniseries a YES or NO. If steam would allow a numeral recommendation, I would give it 6 out of 10.If you consider this a standalone narrative-oriented game besides all other telltales games, I would say it's a good game to spend some time on, but I have played nearly all telltales game series and love narrative-oriented games, so this one is not really a strong one and completely satisfying one compared to other titles telltales made and other narrative-oriented games in the industry. But indeed, there are things for debate.The problem with this game is they insert too much action QTEs in the game and half of the time the game is totally a brutal butchering party with the considerably charming swords play from Michonne. Somehow this is explainable thou, because Michonne presents a beastly warrior in the whole The Walking Dead series, so the actions probably have to be somewhere, but here comes another problem - why would telltales determine to make one narrative-oriented game that makes protagonist Michonne while they already knew the actions are indispensable? I can't answer that question for sure, but it's for sure notorious to put too much action QTEs into narrative-oriented games whereas the series' graphics is not always the highlight for the whole, equals the actions. And the fatal flaw of the QTEs is that being constrained by too few action buttons, the whole time I was playing QTEs is like some kind of flash game that hit up down right left and the character would do a series of killing blows, which doesn't require me to do anything, just that few keys.Break down the action QTEs, now it's another one I don't see why Telltales would be bad about. The poor choices for critical moments in the storyline. Telltales was a great storyteller for their heart-pounding games, but this one? I just don't see why there's so much frivolous choices coming, for those critical moments. The each choice chart after each chapter, lists basically the choices that anyone would do the same , none big deal, whereas telltales used to good at making hard choices for players. And there's indistinguishable choices in conversations, it seems like the first one and the second one basically say the same thing. And also there's some no sense choices that need players to make, like when Michonne is hallucinating her girls and we need to pick a line for her. It's like we're not a hallucinating person so how are we supposed to know what she's gonna say? And each line is so vague from one another... and you do know hallucination isn't real right? This should be totally replaced by a full animated scene rather than let usinteract.Talking about the drawbacks, let's focus on the merits of the game, after all, it's still an interesting story telltales tell us. The whole story develops on three parties and the quarrels and savings between them.It's kind of a redemption for Michonne to take to let go her haunting phantom of her deceased/missing? two daughters. After that, she laid down the grief and moved on.But due to the poor choices in game, I didn't experience well of the story, I expected more sparks and tensions in the conversations and more detailed characters.Guess miniseires isn't really your thing right? Telltales?"
76561198028476967,Not Recommended,429570,24364261,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jeradox,"*** SPOILERS ***I found that the entire subplot about her hallucinating about her daughters to be more annoying as there was practically no backstory for it, it was just happening. Maybe I just don't have the empathy for that kind of sob story. Or if it was once or twice an episode, not a constant every 10 minutes don't forget about this BS sub plot, as some stupid shadow runs across the screen in the background.The game itself was just ""ok"" putting it beside great games like A Wolf Among Us and the original Walking Dead series with Lee and Clem. I would not buy this game at full price (and I didn't) and I'm glad I didn't. It's not bad, it's just not great, heck it's not even good. It's a very short story that took me about 4 hours to get through it and in the end I couldn't give a shart who lived or died with the exception of maybe Pete.This game is a bit of a disappointment and Telltale games don't seem to grant you choices that truly effect the outcome of the games direction. The choice is an illusion that basically just allows you to chose who's left alive at the end of a linear narrative. Honestly at first when you get to the ferry I wanted to join the guys out on the boats and let the thief and her little brother on their own. I WANTED to rat out the kids and join the ""bad guys"" because they were clearly stealing from them. But the game forces you to be their friend and I was even more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥near the end when I found out later it was true (they were steeling). I personally identified with the boat group a lot more, and in real life, that's what I'd have chosen. Unfortunately there was no option for that. BOOOOOOO!"
,Not Recommended,429570,24218788,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,wBaRaTo,Too Short!
76561197995294703,Recommended,429570,31652024,Posted: 9 May,all,jonesforever,"Sim, é uma realidade, o jogo em si consegue finalizar-se rapidamente, no entanto, a narrativa está magistralmente bem escrita e prende-nos desde o seu começo ao seu final, a Telltale Games já nos ensinou que consegue contar excelentes histórias... parabéns Telltale, conseguiste de novo...!Yes, it is a reality, the game itself is able to finish quickly, however, the narrative is masterfully well written and holds us from its beginning to its end, Telltale Games has taught us that can tell excellent stories .. congratulations Telltale, you did it again ...!"
,Recommended,429570,27629677,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,moninal666,"This is an excellent game i highly recommend it.  you will not be disappointed. Michonne""s trials keep you in the game."
76561198025724257,Not Recommended,429570,23126802,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Brothapipp,"its glitchy, load time is irregular and captures nothing of the first two games or the dramatic touch of the TV show.If you like the comic book character Michonne, which I thought she was just okay, then expanding her story line will make you happy.As is, I am 2 episodes in and can't think of a reason to continue. Boring and systematic."
76561198287273116,Not Recommended,429570,23104613,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,donivaroad,This game sucks. The story line sucks. WORST GAME YET!
,Not Recommended,429570,23467153,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cube,"I played the first two tell tale games of this series and was amazed. but then i played through this game. it made almost no difference what choices u made througout the game. it takes approx 3,5-4 hours to play through, and the others were more like 12-14 hours and more detailed. this game is nothing but dissapointing.2/10"
,Recommended,429570,24013128,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xoza,"*spoilers*Wow. Waw. Waow. A million wows. This game took me on a feels trip. Even though it was short, it was a quick rollercoaster of emotions and tough decisions. Boy oh boy they were tough. I have played the previous TWD Telltale series and even though this was significantly shorter than the others, it still had the same impact and punch. Like just wow. The feels left a hole in my soul, I need to punch an elephant or something to feel manly again. Btw, ♥♥♥♥ that Randall guy dude he was scum.Wow."
76561198040744691,Not Recommended,429570,23838099,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SoDKronos,"For me, the gameplay with a keyboard was very broken. I switched to a controller and it was better, I would recommend using a controller.The story was ok, I was shocked by how shallow it was though.The ""season"" was crazy stupid short. I'm glad I waited until it was on super sale, I would have felt ripped off paying full price. This will definately make me think twice about buying telltale games in the future, especially if it's not on sale."
,Not Recommended,429570,33556204,Posted: 15 July,all,Narhli,"action packed but tad boring story, worst part of the game is seeing her kids everywhere it just feels pointless boarder line annoying id recommend just playing the first two and leave the rest."
76561198025484706,Recommended,429570,22658265,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Larsue,I really like the Telltale games style and it was a joy to get to play as one of my favorite characters from the Walking Dead. In this series you get to experience a bit of Michonne's backstory and gain insight into her personality. If you like the style of Telltale games then I would recommend playing this one as well! :)
,Recommended,429570,22801720,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hehe XD,the best game must play
,Recommended,429570,24493657,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Snippets,"The walking dead: Michonne is a short game from TTG that tells you the story about Michonne what happened in the comics (I believe so, never read them).The game starts a little bit slow and boring but gets much more interesting the more you play.Playstyle, art, music, etc. is pretty much the same as it is in the other TWD games. For some reason I would have more enjoyed it if this game had some connection with the other 2 TWD games, but I still liked it very much.Every huge TWD fan will surely enjoy this game and it's a good gap closer for the waiting time of TWD: Season 3.I definitely will recommend this game because it's really well done.See you in season 3.8,5/10"
76561198355301603,Recommended,429570,31275135,Posted: 21 April,all,GT84Maestro,Another great game from the telltale Walking Dead series massive 10/10 ! Very Happy with this game.
,Recommended,429570,28687186,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,I AM PINGU,"I still have not finished the game because I am trying to save it as long as possible. But it is a great game for just 3 episodes (you do get all the epidodes when you purchase the game sale or no sale you will get all 3 episodes!). One episode is about one hour long which to be fair is not that much. TellTale does one episode every month but they should take more time to create a better game which could last about two hours or close to it. But other than that it is a great game and you should get it!Note to Telltale:If you do read this, I would like to say rather than rushing to make episodes instead you should take a bit more time so when you are creating a new game that has not been released yet, do not rush it instead take more time in it and let the episode last longer and you will get more positive feedback from people. The games you make and the storyline is awesome, and Good job with the work, I know it is hard doing the animations and voice acting etc. But making longer episodes will get more people playing the game again!"
,Recommended,429570,25063166,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Fan of Saints,"This game obviously isn't as good as two original seasons but it's still a decent one. I like action sequences (although they are still QTE) and the characters are quite well-written. Storyline isn't that deep but it's presented in an attractive way. The worst disadvantage of this game is its length - you can beat it in about 5 hours and your choices don't mean too much as you're going find out if you play it the second time. I rate it 6.5/10 - I can recommend it for The Walking Dead fans but if you expect a long story with plenty of twists, avoid."
,Recommended,429570,25298366,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Princess Pancakes,"I just finished this and am really satisfied considering it is only 3 episodes. Not an extremely long amount of time to get attached to the characters and not as heart wrenching of a story as The Walking Dead Season 1 & 2 games, but definitely worth playing. Michonne is a badass. It was fun playing her and using her magical machete! Now bring on Walking Dead 3!!"
76561198060517439,Recommended,429570,32208444,Posted: 5 June,all,lunafaye,I love it just like the other The Walking Dead Telltale games. Michonne is one of my favorite TWD characters and it was very interesting to have a little view in her mind. Even it was just a small window.As I was playing it felt like the true Michonne. Not only that she is a badass fighter but also the options of answers you have sounds like her.It could've been a bigger game. I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,429570,22149515,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sinister Def,Better than season 2 not as good as season 1.
,Not Recommended,429570,23896847,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,StealthReborn--,"As a big fan of the Walking Dead video games, Walking Dead: Michonne is sadly by far the worst of the telltale walking dead games. Not only was the game extremely short, in which each episode lasts roughly an hour, I didn't feel that emotional connection like I did with previous installments, especially season 1. Besides Michonne herself, you barely get to know the other characters and hear their stories so when a decision has to be made, you don't feel that dreadful, ""Oh god who do I choose?!"" moment.As discussed with a friend, this game feels more like a cash grab then anything else. As I bought this on the Steam Summer Sale for 50% off, even then the price alone based on length and overall experience doesn't warrent the price especially for those who bought it at full price.While it does have it's positives such as a wonderful soundtrack and Michonne herself, that's all that can really be taken from this game. If you're a fan of the series already I would only buy it if you hope to see a link between Michonne and Season 3 which releases later this year. Other then that, I would steer clear from this game. It doesn't come close to the standards of which Season 1 and previous seasons and for that and the reasons stated above, I can't recommend this game.Pros:+ Wonderful soundtrack+ MichonneCons:- Length of each episode is extremely short (roughly an hour)- Uninteresting sub-characters- Poor story- No tough decisions- Feels like a cash grab- Doesn't even come close to the previous installment standards- Doesn't pull on those emotional strings- Overly priced even on saleScore: 4/10"
,Not Recommended,429570,23912015,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,<D4RK_H4LO>,"I absolutely loved the original Walking Dead series by Telltale Games. It was such an emotionally draining experience and when I was playing it I continually agonized over every decision I had to make. It seems as though for this installment of the series I was just watching the inevitable happen no matter what I did. It felt just a bit hollow and I can't quite explain it. Like I was just a spectator and not really interacting with the experience. The connection just didn't seem to be there this time.At least with the first Walking Dead installment you could walk around, interact with objects and have meaningful conversations with people and it felt like you got to know them better. Lee even talked to himself sometimes while interacting with things. I admit this game had a few sequences like that but it was a rare occurence and you felt rushed because you were always having to run or fight.Honestly the only reason I continued to play this game as long as I did, was to find out how Michonne was going to deal with the  hallucinations she was having. That was about it. Didn't really care about anything else.It's tough because I appreciate Telltale bringing these stories to life in a game format, but this one just feels like it's just a little phoned in. Not as much effort seems to be put into this one as the previous two.  I wish I could just give this game something other than a thumbs up or down because it's more of an ""It's ok, but not that great.""Also, It would be great if you did not ask me every single time I play the game to log into some stupid website ""experience""...Thanks."
76561197990686403,Not Recommended,429570,26744221,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mk53v3n,"I really enjoyed all Telltale games so far. I never imagined that I would ever write a negative review about one of their games - but here it is.Just played the first episode and - although it was not nearly as great as the original walking dead episodes - it was quite enjoyable.However, I experienced the same bug that many other players are currently facing (just take a look at the discussions in the steam forums): My savegame (including all progress and all my choices) is gone after restarting the game and wanting to continue with episode 2.The Telltale support is not interested in this issue. The problem is well known for quite some time now and has been reported many times, but Telltale just ignores it. There is no fix yet and I doubt that there will ever be one...Such a horrible support really sucks!This was definitely the last game that I bought from this company. What a shame..."
76561198052896474,Recommended,429570,33959653,Posted: 1 August,all,☢Deanio,"Great game, cool fight scenes and good theme song lol"
76561197978295984,Recommended,429570,22689147,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,iqof20,Wow.  I thought I was picking up just a small bit of content like the 400 Days DLC.  From the moment I started I realized I was horribly wrong.  The graphics have stepped up a notch. The sound track is incredible and immersive.  The story...wow...the story.This is BELIEVABLE and fits the character arc so well.  The confusing crossover of flashback and reality is something I might expect of a trauma victim.  Michonne is all of the badassery you wanted to play as with the all too human frailties that we rarely see in gaming.This is becoming more of an interactive movie experience and I definitely approve.  Keep going Telltale.  Your original platformish King's Quest style play is evolving into what could be the future of true interactive story telling.
,Not Recommended,429570,23910378,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,8bytes,"The worst telltale has made yet.Absolute rubbish. Waste of time and money.Firstly, barely any free rein. You can't explore. Your choices mean nothing.Second, boring and slow. There is barely any action apart from when you get to the house (last episode, even so BARELY.)Thirdly bland and barely a story. The flashbacks and daughters running around are irksome and annoyed me so much.I know this is a mini series. But 400 days was a thousand times better. There was barely any story. I expected this to be awful tbh. We didn't need this at all. It was a waste of time. You can't attach to any of the characters. Even so they're not even like characters. here just good or bad. No character to them at all.On top of my major disappointment  for the game it crashed my laptop. The game crashed. It crashed steam. Froze several times. Some of the meshes didn't even load. Could never access my choices. Refunded as soon as I could. The game play I did get? 30 minutes. Finished the entire thing in 30 minutes.I never have high expectations for this game. But this is just ridiculous.Definitely not recommended."
76561198004234335,Not Recommended,429570,32136461,Posted: 2 June,all,CapAp,"Games like this make me wish there was a ""neutral"" review option on Steam.This is the weakest Telltale Walking Dead entry yet. Too short, choices are limited, and frankly the story is hacky and repetitive. I think it suffers from having to tell a story about a character already well-established in the books, and essentially can't have any consequence on its own, as it has to fit into the ""window"" left to it by Michonne's absence in a couple dozen issues of the comic.On the plus side, the animation is the best it's ever been, the voice acting is absolutely top-notch, and the theme song is not just really cool, but it fits the feeling and attitude of the Walking Dead universe perfectly.Purchase this if it goes on sale for fivish bucks, but don't pay full price, and don't expect the normal quality and length you get from a Telltale adventure."
,Recommended,429570,24386596,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,G-Man მოდი აქა 1121,"There is nothing special in this game. everything in this game is normal, I mean normal story, normal cutscenes, normal soundtrack and normal quick time events. do not pay full price in this game, just buy it on sale !"
,Recommended,429570,22699122,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Two-Bears-High-Fiving,"It's a mini series, Get over the fact that the episodes are short. Deal with it and buy the game when its on sale. There problem solved."
76561198043053799,Recommended,429570,22670410,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,holychair,"Yes, it's true: The decisions change even less than in Season 1 and 2, but it was still a great ride I wouldn't want to miss."
,Recommended,429570,22659430,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LovableDream,"Michonne<ClementineI'd rather play a continuation of Clementine's story.But I did enjoy this story- brutality, fights - great although the game was short!"
76561198045452858,Recommended,429570,28493432,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TriTTon,Michonne is badass. Badass is a reason do get the game.Thou i would wait for a sale cuz 15€ for 3 roughly 4 hrs (3 Chapters) is short.Otherwise its a good gayme yes ? ecks de
76561198031584667,Not Recommended,429570,23112325,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RichCanadian,"So short, so easy, so cliche. Better not to play if you like the series."
,Not Recommended,429570,25454674,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SoundWizard™,"Game crashed several times.In episode 3, none of my choices were remembered from episode 1 and 2. Until that is fixed, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,429570,28839865,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MISFITSWITCH,I do not get all the bad reviews. Why do people hate so much stuff these days. The story is short but its not a full priced game. If you like the other games you will like this one. Even at $15 it is a great game.
76561198003989281,Not Recommended,429570,34052617,Posted: 5 August,all,Magnyr,"I just finished episode two, and I played 1&2 trying to patch things over with Norma constantly, telling her the whole truth and selling out the two thieves. Yeah, Randall is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but Norma is the aggrieved party in this case, and the ONLY act that definitively proves they're the ""bad guys"" is Sam's word that the group on the ferry were slaughtered by Randall on Norma's orders, which is out of line with how Norma is depicted entirely at the point we meet her face to face. We get a reasonable, even generous, leader who freed a girl who tried to steal from them.I am severely aggravated that I could not side with Norma, or at the very least, she was made a less sympathetic character so that I would not want to. Very immersion breaking."
,Recommended,429570,28923448,Posted: 1 January,all,Exciting Jeff,"A pleasant surprise. It started off with a bunch of the cliches of the Telltale ouvre, and it's pretty railroaded and reliant upon the most annoying quicktime puzzle (press A very fast).But the choices you make are interesting, and go beyond the typical ""save X or save Y."" The stakes are hinted at but pleasantly ambiguous. The game asks big questions about justice, forgiveness, and grief.It's not the best Telltale game. But it is one of the most compelling Walking Dead storylines in recent memory."
,Not Recommended,429570,26351722,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,epizoan,"controller not supportedconsiderable mouse lagcapped at 50fpswtf previous games worked no problem, why is this being sold in a broken state?"
76561198121777831,Recommended,429570,28461476,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,☠Optic Spooks☠,Michelle obama is badass in this game xd
76561198168155647,Not Recommended,429570,26455647,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Backa777,"First of all, don't buy this game! 15€ for 1 hour game play?! or 4 hours in total with same introductions in all episodes, it's not worth it. I purchase it on sale, but and few euros is to much for this 1 hour game... also nothing interesting in gameplay.Just 1 hour boring game for 15€ :("
,Not Recommended,429570,31214772,Posted: 18 April,all,David0vić,"By far the worst telltale game. The writing is very terrible and lazy. They did a terrible job of putting an already established character as the protagonist, Michonne is very poorly portrayed in this game. If you try to be faithful to her character by staying silent the game doesn’t let you because she needs to talk for the awful story to progress. Absolutely nothing you say or do matters there is no point caring. If you thought the illusion and lack of choice was bad in other telltale games like I did it is so much worse here. For example If you try to cooperate with the people that have you captive by telling the truth etc. they still treat you like chose the not cooperating options. There are so many moments like that where something you say leads another completely different thing or the game just flat out chooses to ignore something you have said previously. I couldn’t have cared less about any of these poorly written characters, even Michonne because it was like she was just present at events she has no control over. I was in awe at how bad this really was. I stopped halfway through the second episode because I said enough is enough I’m not wasting any more of my time on this. I highly doubt that it gets any better and even if it does, I don’t care because the first episode made me so disinterested to the point where I don’t care to see what happens or how it concludes. If the game actually adapted to the choices I made in the first episode, Michonne wouldn’t be in the situation the writers have put her in the second episode.2/10 (Awful)"
,Recommended,429570,23305377,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,CheeseCakeMan01,"A good game, not quite living up to the level set by the previous Walking Dead games due to the game being too short to get that emotionally involved. The storyline is good but held back by being too short and their only being two real (in my opinion) memorable charactersMichonne & Randell. The same mechanics seen in other Telltale games (point and click) return and the graphics have been slightly improved by remaining true to the art style of comics.Overall I would give this game a 7/10, held back by being too short and the characters not being as good as they could have been."
76561198001250511,Recommended,429570,34381735,Posted: 20 August,all,Cleetus,"Doesn't feel like there is as much weight to your decisions as the first game, but really great story & poignant moments."
,Recommended,429570,24127357,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,O Carlos,"Some simple words of review this game ...故事并不太突出，尤其是全程幻象萦绕让人很不舒服。优化不怎样，Gtx980ti,i7 6700k, Maximus VIII hero, Samsung 950pro 对于这么一个不吃配置的游戏还是卡顿很明显。本着粉丝情怀打上71分，算是个还不错的小品级作品。中文字幕不知道怎么就自动给打上了，质量一般不说还有很多乱码。我不想承认，但不得不说有些地方还不如让我来翻译来得更有效率。"
,Recommended,429570,23759510,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lilu Minayii,Must Have for all Walking Dead & Zombie - Fans ^^
,Not Recommended,429570,25118627,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,interFaZer,"+ Good music- Incredibly short episodes- Underwhelming story- Rushed character development- Forced to babysit Samantha even though I hate her guts- Forced to betray Norma/Randall even though I wanted to side with them- No Xbox One controller supportThis is nothing like The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2. I'm asking for a refund.""This game series adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored by how you play""http://i.imgur.com/TN8hj9f.gifvEdit. refund request denied. I'm stuck with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I guess I'll finish it just to get my money's worth. One thing's for sure though, next Telltale game I buy will be from a gray market."
76561198077222640,Not Recommended,429570,28827788,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,.!nk,really bad bad story... dispointed...
76561198077235458,Recommended,429570,22719674,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Froakii,"I Love telltale, I love the walking dead, I love this game.I dont do serious reviews but I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,429570,21415422,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"Oh man! It's good to play a TWD game by Telltale after 1 year without it. There's nothing to say really, they've done their job again. Amazing character, amazing storyline and amazing gameplay. Only problem is animations. Hope they will get better in upcoming games."
76561198029155314,Not Recommended,429570,21446511,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,VillageIdiot,"Well I'm all for one for TellTale games, especially the Walking Dead series.But I don't know, TellTale have a small nick for making games from pop culture like Minecraft, Game of Thrones and the Walking Dead. While I don't mind it, considering I have enjoyed each one, I'm not sure if it's this trend or something random happened to make them develop this game instead of another season of perhaps... The Wolf Among Us?Good episode, probably gonna have a good story, but not what I was looking for."
,Recommended,429570,21413311,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Tagger,"A good 1½ hour episode. 2 more to come in this ""mini-series"".So far, so good.Pros:Still the same TWD-feel that the rest of the games have.New combo-like actions.Feels like they did a better job at the art-style this time around.In-between Pros/Cons:Not the same actor as in the TV show - but close enough.Cons:Feels too short, as you get immersed in it.Had a few load times that were horrid, despite being on an SSD (shortest were a second or two - longest was close to 30-45 seconds or something. Actually thought it crashed..).Conclusion:If you like the previous games in the series (Season 1, 400 Days, Season 2), then you'll probably like this one as well.It's a bit shorter, but it's not ment to replace ""Season 3"" in any way. It's simply ""filler"". Just like ""400 Days"" was, before ""Season 2"" landed....just a bit longer one at that - which is great!"
76561198052562356,Recommended,429570,26459707,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Habi,"Ace! A shorter story with different characters from the main walking dead games. Still has the usual 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments but does end quickly due to only having three shorter episodes. Worth getting on sale.Be sure to disable steam cloud save and telltale cloud save, or you will lose your progress."
76561198055339463,Recommended,429570,31089063,Posted: 11 April,all,BWAH!!!,Finally... a walking dead game that has horror in it.
,Recommended,429570,26514087,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,EDNAT,"Its ok, a bit too short but woth 3 euros"
,Recommended,429570,27152181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WALKER,it is good for us who are waiting for season 3
,Recommended,429570,30918529,Posted: 3 April,all,Greytega,Why did love put a gun in my hand?
,Recommended,429570,23509891,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"So more Telltale stories and this time, we get to explore more The Walking Dead franchise.We play as Michonne, iconic character from the series (both comic and TV show) and we get to learn about her past and the crew that she met long side the beginning of the apocalyspe.The game is split in three episodes and last about 4-5 hours total.I had some save file issue from episode one and gladly, I could still start episode 2 with Telltale standard choices (which didn't mattered to me at all!).Then I had other issues with the ""REWIND"" feature... it worked for a few conversation lines then once loading occurs, you fall back to the previous chapter. WTF!Interested in this game?Then pick it up at maximum discount and also, consider playing this in one playthrough... this game is bugged and the issues I've encountered were irritating but not gamebreaking though!"
76561198133756606,Not Recommended,429570,21421217,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Error man,Please chose a better translation team for chineseI dont understand meaning of some choice in the gameBecause of stupid translationAnd did you know WongChoLam？
76561198170719421,Recommended,429570,21411918,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Faint,It's great. Glad I pre-ordered it
,Recommended,429570,21412392,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,LilGuyG,After playing Episode 1 I can already tell that the next 2 Episodes are going to be incredible!It's Telltale and Walking Dead. Buy it!
76561197971668811,Recommended,429570,21412791,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Henherr,"Dear Telltale.Once again you have managed to bring a marvelous gem to us true to the original parts 1 and 2, but for god's sake I implore you to finally realize that you have many european fans that are using azerty keyboards...I either have to break my fingers to be able to reach the keys to move around or do the action combo's or contnue to die 10 times each confrontation because the keys are all messed up and often out of reach during the few seconds I have to react.Either add key customization or an option to flip layout between azerty and qwerty.Game so far 10/10Ease of Access 0/10"
76561198004811351,Recommended,429570,21415965,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Episode One of The Walking Dead: Michonne is brutal from the start. It's a short time from booting the game to curb stomping walkers into fires and quick-timing your way to gory decapitations. The action sequences are stylishly letterboxed, and even go into John Woo slow motion at times to highlight the deadly efficiency of the title character. This is Michonne after all; one of the most badass characters this side of a Segio Leone film, and the game admirably does her justice for the most part.Aside from some flashbacks and hallucinations alluding to her past, you're thrust aboard a ship with little explanation or backstory, surrounded by characters you (as a player) don't really know. The game takes place during a certain time period in the comic books I'm not too familiar with, so the tie-ins/fan service were lost on me. But that's fine, as I was more than willing to just enjoy the journey the game wanted me to take. The story starts as a simple scavenging/rescue mission at a beached ferry, where you uncover some unsettling signs of nefarious♥♥♥♥♥♥going down. It's not long before you're predictably captured and taken to a Walking Dead signature settlement lead by a larger-than-life personality. And, rather predictably again, you're singled out and taken to have a face-to-face confrontation with said leader in a dialogue driven “boss battle”.Yeah, Michonne can be structurally formulaic at times. If you're completely burnt out on the Telltale style of games this probably isn't the one to get you back on board. The same can be said about the graphics, as well: yep, it's still the same engine, and it can still get janky at times. Gripes aside, I think it still works incredibly well for this comic book style presentation. When it works it can look stunning, and when it breaks it's usually pretty minor. There's certainly more creativity and style here than the previous Walking Dead seasons, with some unconventional camera angles and an opening with some Wolf Among Us inspirations.Playing as an emotionally unstable character leads to some noteworthy moments. I played Machonne as a strong, silent type... because she's Machonne and that seemed like the thing to do. As the brief, pre-outbreak flashbacks allude to her familial downfall without bogging the game down in exposition that can gleamed elsewhere, you're also treated to a few mental breakdowns and moments of emotional emptiness that are quite effective. When Machonne says, “I've got nothing to lose” you know it's true and it makes her that much more dangerous and badass. When you're tasked with giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about some of the supporting cast, however, the writing doesn't fare as well. The swelling music and story beats might be telling you to care about a heavy, dramatic moment involving some characters you just met a few minutes ago... but you won't. Same for the cartoon villains who may or may not be what the script and acting is strongly hinting towards... but it's quite heavy handed regardless.“In Too Deep” is a great first chapter to what hopefully turns out to be a memorable game. If the forthcoming chapters take a nose dive it will be a damn shame. Because Machonne is a badass."
,Recommended,429570,21423071,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,RiDDiKs,"Well,after first episode,iRate 7/10. Maybe next episode will get better.+ Interesting story+ Good characters+ Better graphics and animations+ MICHONNE IS F*CKING BADASS- Game is too short,playtime is about 1 hour and 30 minutes.- Bad gameplay,worst than other TWD games,fighting scenes are all about Q and E,no mouse clicking in fights.- Less exploring than in others TWD,it seems more like interactive movie now.- Ive got no emotional addiction to characters in this game,hope it will come in next episodes.0/10 will cry,11/10 will QQEQEQE,but its TWD,it is worth of the money,and i like it!"
76561198070967169,Recommended,429570,21413517,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,lac61087,"Telltale knock it out the park again, simply brilliant, hooked from start to finish and now cannot wait until Episode 2, if you like The Walking Dead you will like this, plus the best combat out of the whole Telltale seriies so far Michonne is simply fasinating.Don't listen to the clueless gaming media, buy it and never look back!"
,Recommended,429570,21426247,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,.*Jessica,"I never get disappointed by the Telltale games. Episode 1 So far so good ^_^ can't w8 until Episode 2 is released :)26.04.2016 ~ Well, I just finished the game.. I have to say that I'm a bit disappointed.. I felt like that Episode 2 and 3 were too short. I noticed that the Episodes are not as usual 1:30h long. The whole Story was brilliant. But I kinda felt like they're rushing through the chapters. I still recommend this game, but do not try to compare it to The Walking Dead 1 & 2."
,Recommended,429570,21426934,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,;;,"It's what I expect from TT, though some improvements would be good.It's soooooo good to be back in TWD world, with S1, S2 & 400 days all being super awesome in my book, I bought this game ASAP. When I learned it came out, I almost squealed to death.The graphics, holy hell, they have improved. If you have played the earlier games, you know that TT uses that ""comic book style"" type of art, and it works most time and it looks nice. But in this one, it looks even better. It looks fantastic. Compare them to S1 and just.. wow. TT what an improvement. The game is pretty. I am happy.The main character is a freaking BADASS, cutting heads of walkers, slow-mo action scenes! Pure awesomeness so far.The soundtrack is fantastic, the intro and outro music is wonderful, I immediately searched those songs and got them because I loved them so much. I did the same with TTs other games.However, as there are pros, there are also cons. I know some of TT's games are kind of, ""you have choices!"" ""ahh but you can only do this"". And it shows, once again. Lack. Of. Choices. And where there are choices, they aren't *that* good. And when they seem good, something dumb happens a couple of minutes later. If you played this the way I did (by being harsh, but nice to kids) you will think, ""wtf was the point"". SO I am hoping that the next episodes will improve! And that these choices matter in the upcoming eps. Which I think they will.Another ""con"" if you will, is the lack of character development. The main character? Quite a bit of detail with her, but the rest of the characters? Not a lot. Now without spoiling anything, I am seeing small similarities between S2 and this one. Though this could just be a hunch, so don't take my word for law.I will update this review when the next episode comes out. So far, it's looking good, just need some improvements.Would I recommend it?Yes, to all lovers of the series. Unless you disliked S2, then I would say to watch someone else play the game. IMO the price is well done for the content that we are getting. Like always, TTs games seem short, but the story is always fabulous.9/10*will update review when future eps come out*"
,Not Recommended,429570,21481369,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ziph,"3RD AND LAST EPISODE:To be honest I feel robbed of my money, I wouldn't even buy this if it was on sale. Absolutely NONE of my choices mattered.Did Telltale expect me to feel something from this ending? All I feel is disappointment so I suppose they succeeded.Only good thing about this game was it's music.2ND EPISODE:Still absolute crapAs of playing first episode:Boring, do not care about the characters at all, way too short and again boring.I felt like none of the things I chose actually mattered.The opening was absolutely amazing, but then it just went downhill. Some bad voice acting, some bad choices.Had pretty high hopes for this one, considering I absolutely love Telltale's games.But no, after playing the 1st ep I can't recommend it for 15 euro."
,Recommended,429570,21413170,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,LikeJackieChanButALittleFaggot,It's a little pricey for the length of the episodes (ep1 took me about 1hr 20mins) but it is a good game so far if you're into the Telltale concept.If this would be your first Telltale game then play WD S1 & S2 first.
,Recommended,429570,21413388,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Red,I just finished the entire game not bad a bit short but still I enjoyed looking at this story. The Credit songs were 1 of my favorite part of the game.
,Recommended,429570,21413446,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,LazyCobra™,So far so good ;)Altho this game does go off the comics when michonne left for a good bit after meeting Ezekiel there was no mention of back story of what happened with Rick or Ezekiel or the rest of the crew even if you watch the show you will enjoy it ;)it's just the same ol bad♥♥♥♥♥michonne
,Recommended,429570,21467082,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PancakeInsomnia.raw,"This is the review for the first episode of the game.I'm going to try to keep it fairly short. I completed the first episode about 5 minutes ago, and was overall pretty impressed with the game. It isn't as emotion-filled, story heavy, or decisive as the ""canon,"" (Season 1, 2) games, but is unique, and good in it's own way. The game starts off promising, and then declines for a little while. There is *SEMI SPOILER* a flashback in the beginning of the game, that has some QTEs and is very, ""cool,"" to say the least. */SEMI SPOILER* After this, the game seems a little boring as it's mostly just dialogue. However, once you essentially leave the area you were just in, it is easy to see the potential in this mini-series. First of all, this game is littered with QTEs, which is not a bad thing because they are fun, use the same couple buttons (Q, E, WASD) and give you enough time to react. This connects into this games next unique feature; it's violence. You kill quite alot of zombies within the first few minutes to say the least, and while it dies down a little after that, the killing is still present. Right now, I don't want to spoil anything else, so I'll end this review in the next few sentences, but alot of other things are present in this game, that aren't in the other TWD games, but if I were to mention them, it'd ruin the fun. Anyways, the last thing for now that I adore in this game, is that just like in the comics and show, Michonne is a very independent, quiet, and brave character. In the previous games, you were usually narrowed down dialogue-wise with a nice option, neutral option,or sarcastic/anry option. Michonne however is very open-minded, and says what she thinks. You can be more straight forward and honest, you can ""distract"" the person you're talking to, you can share your mind on what someone should do, and you can just be alot more straightforward. You don't have to be the nice guy Lee was, or the sweet yet sarcastic girl Clem was. You can actually choose how Michonne is, and you can help her getover her past, or struggle for a possible ""solution."" She can help other, or focus on herself, and that is pretty much the focus of this game, or episode at least. I do not know if it is worth $15 at the moment, but if that includes all 3 episodes, or I can get the other 2 for around $5, then it is definitley worth it. This game is really good, it's just not quite the same game as the other TWD games, or other Telltale games.Props to Telltale though- try to keep the episodes coming out pretty quick.And don't forget, this isn't an excuse to release season 3 later, so get to it."
76561198015147433,Not Recommended,429570,21993297,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,jerry4gsd,Upside:  Creative story line.  Downside:  No clear directions for new players on controls or game progress.  Is the game set up for a game controller or a keyboard and mouse?  No clear introduction.  Designers need to consider the players and mostly the newer players.
,Recommended,429570,21412577,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Chrissoy,I vote 11/9 Michonne's
,Recommended,429570,21413016,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[DB] Thor,"Telltale does it again.  We finally got one of the characters from the Walking Dead Michonne a bad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Katana expert. Sad that it only had 3 episodes. (8.5/10)Telltale always delivers, always enjoy playing their games, no exception here."
,Recommended,429570,21413318,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,pokerhi100,great game
76561198069974605,Recommended,429570,21413477,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Firestorm,"Even though the first episode is pretty short, I would recommend this for all Telltale fans.Of course, this cannot beat Season 1, but that doesn t mean its bad.Prepare your machette and go there to cut off some walker´s heads!"
76561198073987650,Recommended,429570,21414409,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,★Matsy★,"IntroAs a fan of the comic books I may be biased of her character, but I love Michonne. Her character, her story, everything. This game follows what happened during a break in the books where Michonne left Rick, Andrea, and friends for personal reasons. This follows the story of that space of time.Episode 1The first episode of this game I enjoyed, the choices were difficult, but all stuck to Michonne's character as a whole. Which I loved. The story drags you in and doesn't let you go, like the walkers themselves. At many points I didn't know who to side with, but when I did the chacaters really attached to me. So far, I'm really excited to see where this episode goes and see how far the characters will go, both timeline-wise and morality-wise."
,Recommended,429570,21418152,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Kenny,In this new Teltale game you play as a Strong Independent black woman who dont need no man. I rate 8/8 m8
,Recommended,429570,21434425,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Chevy_Pup,"Just like the other ""The Walking Dead"" with Clementine it is just as great. The story so far really gets you going and wanting to play more.Now that all of the episodes are out let me begin.I really enjoyed some of the game play while most of it was really played out. You don't have as many choices to do things as you think you would playing the other TWD's.I do wish this was more than what it was. 3 episodes was great but there was not a lot going on for you.Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed the storyline. It was worth the time. Just if you think its going to be like TWD with Clementine you're going to be let down slightly."
,Recommended,429570,21701307,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,⍟ ace,"If you like the first 2 telltale games, this is definetly for you! even if this is your first Telltale game you should still get it because you get to make michonnes back story!"
76561198036662065,Recommended,429570,24139145,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hashash,"Not a bad chapter of Walking dead at all, but they should've added more Episodes like they did with Season 1 and 2.Feels too short."
,Recommended,429570,22835477,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Berkin Elvan,"1. episode: mediocre2. episode: good3. episode: greataltough Michonne's hallucinations felt like playing The Evil Within time to time, game is good overall."
,Recommended,429570,22848582,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Puppy,"The Walking Dead: Michonne was overall good game, i loved how they explained the missing time, in the comic books, and how she feels about her children. I would say i disliked some of the camera angles, but not to the point where i say it's bad, maybe i'm not used to playing a telltale game. I will recommend it, to everyone, that is how much i loved it!"
,Recommended,429570,22748752,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,deadcantdance,"Short, but overwhelming story. Maybe the best of all games from this series."
,Recommended,429570,22752883,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Phantom of the AWPera,Good game. Has the quality ultimatums that the main games had in a nice short and sweet package. This was the first game from Telltale that I played episodically and I loved it. Each episode was compeletly distinct and unique. I feel that I got my money's worth.
76561198084022657,Recommended,429570,22747617,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sanik,Super FunThe only thing I dont like is that im allways scewing up. yet its still so fun.Also I hope theres more episodes coming. I felt like when you ware asked if you wanted to go back to your family and you say I will pete says he will remember that. I dont know if thats a hint or they just put it in the game
,Recommended,429570,22754263,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,The Walking Dead: Michonne was generally an interesting addition to the Telltale collection. It tells the story of Michonne after she left Rick and the group behind to solve personal problems. It is very telling of her character and anyone who was a sap for the Walking Dead Telltale games is going to love this game.
,Not Recommended,429570,22752753,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,faunysia,"I have super mixed feelings about this game and it's such a shame, I feel like it had so much potential but it just felt rushed.I finished this game with every single achievement in about 4 hours - I wasn't expecting a full game like TWD and TWDS2 but it still felt a little... empty. Whilst it was still fun and the characters were cool, I didn't feel like any proper connections were made like you do in TWD. Also, the main premise is about Michonne losing her daughters and feeling guilt and we, as the player, are meant to feel that too... I didn't. I felt more of a connection to Sam's brothers who we speak to for about 5/10 minutes because you have a moment to bond, I guess? We don't get that with Michonne's daughters.Story aside, the gameplay brought up a few issues for me as well - the choices you make can't be made using the 1 2 3 4 keys which I liked, you have to do it with a mouse. Not a game changer, but it took me a moment to get used to. The QTEs seem a little strange too - I missed a couple and still survived like nothing had happened. To begin with I thought, well great, got away with it... but 5 or 6 more times down the line it felt like I didn't matter as a player and I had bought a film, not a game.I've complained a lot, but I still think this is a good game and I'm glad I bought it, but I don't think I can recommend it simply because it doesn't (in my opinion) hold up to many of the other Telltale game standards... I'd recommend just holding on until Season 3 is out."
,Not Recommended,429570,22818911,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ferritin,"Buggy, save files and cloud not working, short plot that is also pretty shallow, overpriced.Do not buy unless you are hardcore fan and game is on huge discount (i.e. humble bundle).Refunded."
,Not Recommended,429570,32359200,Posted: 11 June,all,Poltergeist101,ehh its ok but i didnt like the story and i hated that it was short
76561198063245764,Not Recommended,429570,21412180,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Chloe Price,"All three episodes of TWD: Michonne have now been released. I had high hopes for the series back when it was first announced, but after playing the first episode, I was left severely disappointed. When the second episode rolled around in late March, my faith was restored. The episode was short, but had many great moments, plus a very intense ending with one of the tougher choices I've had to make in a TellTale game.Unfortunately, after playing through the finale in April, the series took a nosedive right down into mediocrity again. Episode 2 had a great setup for Episode 3, but the finale just does not live up to what Episode 2 made it out to be.And here is the main problem with TWD:Mihconne. The setup for a good story is there, but the narrative doesn't deliver. The first episode has a great sense of gray morality. Without saying too much, you are held captive by another group of survivors. These guys don't seem immedeately like bad people, you might even feel sympathy for them. You don't even know much about your ""partners in crime"" and whose side to take is really up to you.Until episodes two and three come around and try to force you into hating the ""villains"" eventhough you might not want to.There's also this underlying narrative with Michonne's daughters, whom keep appearing in front of Michonne as hallucinations. They were kind of novel and exciting in Episode 1 and 2, but it gets really overdone and obnoxious by the time you play Episode 3, and you just end up wishing it wasn't there at all. The series ends with the stupidest binary choice of all time, as evidenced by the endgame stats, which showed a 93%/7% split.And I haven't even mentioned the myriad of technical problems yet:Choppy animation, bad framerate, and long load times all drag down the experience even further. I don't understand why this happens, Seasons 1 and 2 ran like a charm on my system, as did other TellTale titles, so I'm forced to conclude, that TWD:Michonne is just really poorly optimized.As a TellTale fan and The Walking Dead fan, I can't help but feel disappointed in this miniseries. Here's to hoping Season 3 will bring back what made TellTale's The Waling Dead great."
,Recommended,429570,30224045,Posted: 27 February,all,Howlux,"Of course, thats:1. Telltale Games2. The Walking DeadMust have 10/10"
76561198062070065,Not Recommended,429570,21511690,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Avariser,"I am probobly the biggest telltale-fanboy out there, i'll buy basically everything they make. But for the first time in my life, i didn't like their game!In this game Michonne has plot-armor. She's in the television series and this game is set before that. This means that nothing too bad can happen to Michonne in this game since she has too be alive or well in the end. In the show she is also alone when she meets Rick and the others, which means that there is no real reason to care about all the characters Michonne interacts with in this game.When i played this game i had this in mind. No matter what choice i make i know that Michonne will turn out okay, she can't die, she can't get bitten and she can't get long term critical injuries. So when i was interacting with Randall and Norma i just picked the most badass choices since they basically cannot hurt her!And what's up with them trying to pull of emotional choices regarding characters that we barely know and already have a bad first impression of? I for example sided with Norma and Randall because i didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about that boy thief and his sister.And i never really liked Michonne as a character in the first place! Sure she has a cool katana sword, but her personality is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ And since she already has a personality in The Walking Dead show it makes it hard to make decisions without thinking: ""What would Michonne do/say?"". The fun thing about telltale games was that you were given completely new characters where you could shape the character into many different personalities.I cold probably write a book about this, but i guess i'll have to see if it get's better with the next episodes."
76561198059022426,Recommended,429570,21412902,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Green,"""♥♥♥♥ you""9/10"
,Recommended,429570,21446602,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Some Random Guy,"Telltale Games has once again made a fantastic game and this time with a character we all are familiar too, Michonne. The choices  are once again really difficult to make, the story is amazing and everything goes from 0 to a 100 real quick out of nowhere. Telltale nailed it with the music in the first episode! Just amazing!10/10 would swim with walkers again"
,Recommended,429570,22270897,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Spieedie / h1z1.plus,Great Game all together.Pros:-Full of action-Multiple decisions-Really well made-Lovely cartoon graphicsCons:-The game isn't finished-Not many people know how to get onto the second chapter----------------------------------------------------------------------All in All Great Game and I can't wait for the 3 chapter
,Not Recommended,429570,21666571,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bayern Munchen,"Of all the Telltale 'Walking Dead' games, this one falls rather short.As one other reviewer pointed out, playing as Michonne eliminates some of the tension from the game - I already know she's going to survive all three episodes, so it's just a question of which of the minor characters die. It's also quite short when compared to other episodes from Season 1 & 2. There's a couple of interesting moments, but overall it feels rather flat as a story.The brief 'combat' sections feel like they've been speeded up somewhat. I don't think I died more than a couple of times in Seasons 1 & 2 yet here it was far more frequent, and I felt that the designers had reduced the time available for key presses to make it feel more 'intense'. Still, it's just a case of learning the correct key sequence for any combat, which is very easy.Much more concerning for me were the technical issues I encountered, which has never happened before whilst playing a Telltale game. I could not get the game to stay in 3400x1440 resolution at all. Some of the loading screens would be correct, but as soon as I went into the game proper it would revert to a lower resolution. About 40 mins of my 2 hour playtime was spent trying to fix this issue, before I gave up. There's also a long delay whilst loading each chapter, which I've never experienced before, and this doesn't help with the flow of the game at all.The overall impression is that of a rushed game to hit a deadline. Even the icons for the Steam achievements are just numbers - Telltale haven't bothered with the small pictoral representations of each chapter from the previous games."
,Recommended,429570,21840820,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zweis†ein ( ಠ_ಠ),"It's a nice classic TellTale game.The game is 3 episodes so from the very start I have myself prepared for something VERY short.Graphics wise it's the same thing we've seen with TellTales' TWD games (Telltale Tool graphics engine, same as The Wolf Among Us and others).Voice acting is perfect, as to be expected from a TellTale game. Samira Wiley acting as Michonne and not Danai Gurira herself makes very little difference once you have gotten inside the game's character. However wether this game will deliver us a great and complete experience is yet to be seen.So it is hard to say this is a review, this is how episodic games are, it's like reviewing a TV show, not knowing how the whole thing is going to be.Episode 1:We get to have a great entrance with some insight into Michonne's recent past in comparison to the time we see her for the first time in the TV show/comics (however this seems to what may be mainly based on the comics). There's great emphasis on her Mental state, her emotions and thoughts. The way the character is introduced is amazing.However we don't get to see any key points about her past with the only exception of some dream or ""hallucination"" sequences if you like.I really really REALLY hoped for a game that showed us how it all started. How this character was born. But this is not the case here. The creators prefered to choose to show us pieces of her past through the safer technique of those dreams. If the rest of the game is planned well however there will be no point in feeling any disappointed.Good start. Few interesting characters introduced.Well played so far.Episode 2:The story continues as we follow Michonne's steps to this adventure.It is confirmed that the story follows the comics canon core and as I mentioned already, the developers follow the safe route of the flashbacks method in order to show glimpses of how it all started.However I must admit i'm being left with a bit lack of satisfaction while playing this.TellTale doesn't seem to care about you interacting with the environment at all.We've seen how these games work so we know that if someone's life is saved by our choices they are bound to day anyway if the developers want to.And most importantly, If you show mercy to someone who is a♥♥♥♥♥♥hoping to get a better outcome of him, he will still be a♥♥♥♥♥♥afterwards. like ALWAYS. In every single TellTale walking dead.So all in all, thing are pretty narrow technically.I do some choices to make myself feel good about them knowing that the result is going to be more or less the same.So is there a reason for me to like this?Well yes, the story is still nice and it's like watching a short movie.But is there a way to make things even better than this?Well yes again, because if you are going to give us the illusion of control over reality without actually having it you can do it in more interesting ways like many other adventure games do. Like for example give us reasons to ""point and click"" to more things. More environmental interactions. Find collective items. Hell even solving a puzzle every now and then adds to the fun.A story is nice when you watch it. But it's even better when you interact with it.So far things show that TellTale loves to keep things average by giving us strong story, good direction and amazing voice acting but completely lacking any fun interaction ideas.Onward for Episode 3 and final verdict soon.Episode 3:Moving on to the final chapter the developers decide to use all their hidden cards on the table, bringing the best of their abilities to create a brilliant climax and a perfectly set conclusion to our story.The story is eventually NOT focused on Michonne's adventure and meeting good and people no. It's focused on the mental torture of a person that has to go through the darkest corners of his/her consensus in order to deal with the best while reality becomes the surrounding.Foreground and background switch places in a mindblowing turn of events. You experience a piece of art being evolved just like a painting showing you exactly where your eyes should be directed but at the same time having a background hiding the meaning of the whole picture.That's how direction is being done people. It's not only about directing the resources of making a story. It's about directing the eyes and attention of the viewer/gamer.Excellent work.Final verdict:It's a bit hard to decide to make an objective conclusion here. Because the first 2 episodes of this story seemed so too average and for a few moments too short or too boring, and then the third and final Episode takes your mind and blows all your feelings and thoughts up. The ending climax is satisfying and their staying true to the comics is really awesome.On the other hand there are other elements I have to emphasize on.Do choices REALLY matter in games like this?Gameplay wise - you will eventually have the ending the developers want you to anyway. But the illusion that you can control the plot slowly becomes less and less strong. Take for example the achievement system for the past 2 Walking Dead games from TellTale. There are no missable achievements at all. In fact, they are not even ""achievements"", they are just flags poping up letting you know that you finished a chapter. There's no feeling of achieving something special any more. Point & Click doesn't motivate you to explore place or try new things. You are just left following a story, and if you find yourself too bored during a chapter of the story, you have one less reason to let's say go through the drawers and items you find yourself in but go straight to the NPC you need to talk to in order to go on with the story. You see what I'm talking about?The game is a 7/10. Would had been a 6 - a slightly above average title, short, not sure if worthy a 15 buck release price.But the story driven content is strong and the final chapter shows that the developers gave everything they got for it.The game lacks the extra motivation some people might need to do extra exploring or replay chapters to see different outcomes.We know TellTale can do better. They have shown us the potential.I hope they bring us their best soon.Waiting for the next Episode of Clementine's story :)"
,Recommended,429570,21414882,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TWD Kenny,"OBVIOUSLYthis review is TERRIBLY biased thanks to my love for Telltale and their Walking Dead franchise.HoweverThat should not affect my review at all for this game. The Walking Dead: Michonne has been in production for a little while and it's had me hyped for quite some time as well. Now that the game is finally out, I think the hype was definitely worth it.TWD:Michonne isn't in ANY WAY affiliated with Telltale's The Walking Dead Season 1 nor 2, so you don't have to own either seasons to understand anything, and although it helps if you've read the comics/watched the show, you aren't required to know A SINGLE BIT of TWD to understand the story and or plot in the game. There are characters who appear in the comics that are familiar to someone who has read them, but it doesn't make much of a difference if you have/haven't read the comics.The game has also had such pretty visuals to accompany it. Although I cought A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON of reused models from TWD Season 1 and 2, lots of textures were polished on reused walkers, so although they were reused, they looked VERY nice. Models such as Jane's hunting knife and Arvo's revolver are seen throughout the game, but if you aren't a die hard fan of the game, you MOST LIKELY won't notice them (same with the walker models being reused). With these new and updated textures comes a beautifully created landscape and f ucking beautiful atmosphere. The aquatic area that is shown to uswith Michonne, Oak, Siddiq, Peter, and the other crew memberslooks absolutely gorgeous, especially accompanied by the horizon in the distance.Since this is a short series and only consists of 3 episodes, I would HELLA recommend this game to any Walking Dead fans, Telltale fans, or just someone looking for a compelling story to play while they wait for something else *cough* Season 3 *cough*For $15, you can't go wrong- the story is very memorable, the characters are very memorable, the atmosphere BLOWS me away with it's visual asthetics, the price is right, everything is just so in-line. If you're hesitant about getting this, I'd say go for it. Definitely worth the hype and the $15!"
76561198039476851,Recommended,429570,21417277,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,...,"Good game, cant wait for Walking dead Season 3"
76561198165057346,Recommended,429570,22133367,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Spunky_C0rn,"Pretty good game, but in no way does it match the other TWD TTGames. It's like a movie that you can SLIGHTly interact with. The story is also not extremely deep, and it's only 3 episodes as opposed to the usual 5. But, with season 3 of the mainstream games coming later this year, this is a good enough replacement until then. 7/10. Recommend, but only if you like the comics and Michonne."
,Recommended,429570,22659446,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MetallicaRules,"Great miniseries from Telltale centering around one of the best characters from the comics. The episodes may be short (only a little over an hour long some times), but it makes up for it in choices, voice acting, characters, and story telling. Overall, I'd give it an 8.5/10.Is it worth it at full price...maybe, I could go either way on this one. If it's on sale, definitely buy it."
,Not Recommended,429570,32140559,Posted: 2 June,all,robsoldier115,5/10....did NOT need to be made
,Recommended,429570,22769218,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,FadedTeleTubby,The Walking Dead: Michonne is a worthwhile game to try out. TellTale Studios delivers again!
,Not Recommended,429570,28449025,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MGse.Munkry,"Wah wah wah, whine whine whine.... My Kids buuuhuuu.This must be the worst of all Telltale Walking dead games.It would be better without the cutscenes about her kids and doing a more real time story instead of staying in the past."
76561198055663208,Recommended,429570,22580504,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,doc_nak,Ignore the bad reviews... Short?  Yes.  The Walking Dead?  Yes.  Telltale?  Yes.  Fun?  Yes.
,Not Recommended,429570,30403715,Posted: 8 March,all,FearFace,"Telltale, but it overwrite my savegames after it suddenly asked whether I want to cloud or local savegames (without giving me any indication about their state). Asshat."
76561198073343378,Recommended,429570,30741131,Posted: 25 March,all,brianconnors1,"True, it's shorter than most Telltale games. But it's not THAT short. Able to pack a lot of action and character development into about 4 hours."
76561197981548323,Recommended,429570,22469891,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Shonkawakan,"Not bad at all, in terms of what i expected after The Walking Dead 1 and 2. Thanks for another ration of thrilling stuff about zombies, TellTale.There are things in it i'd rather count among CONs - some details don't look realistic as always, especially that pair of partially dismembered Zs they were hiding behind. A bit too much options for unnecessary violence you well push to use again. And i don't feel like wanna praize that kind of game play this game provides. A normal FPS action would do better IMO.Still, overall i can't say i'm dissappointed or something. Just what i need after TWD2 while waiting for TWD3.Recommended to anyone into zombie games. Unless you're younger than you shoud be to be allowed to play this or can't tolerate those cons i mentioned. Though it's worth tolerating i think.Неплохая игра в плане того, что я ожидал после Ходячих Мертвецов 1 и 2. Стабильно благодарен TellTale за очередную порцию зомбятины.Кое-что надо бы причислить к минусам - типа некоторых нереалистичных подробностей вроде той парочки частично усеченных зомбяр, за которыми они прятались. Снова многовато излишних возможностей для чрезмерного насилия к использованию которых разрабы изрядно подталкивают. И не вызывает восторга выбранный ими тип геймплэя. Нормальный шутер от 1го лица лично я воспринял бы лучше.Но в целом не могу сказать что разочарован. В принципе то что надо после ХМ 1 и 2 пока не вышла ХМ 3.Всем любителям зомби-тематики рекомендуется. Кроме тех, кому по возрасту рановато в такие игры играть или у кого  повышенная чувствительность к перечисленным ""косякам"". Хотя ради достоинств игры их вполне можно потерпеть, на мой взгляд."
76561198000258570,Not Recommended,429570,21449383,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Malytrax,Laggy gameplay makes this game impossible to play
,Recommended,429570,21412448,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Prizlez,Just finished the first episode and i have to say they did a great job. Something happens almost the whole game maybe 10% of the game is calm and 90% is full action. Just as good as the other walking dead by Telltale Games. 10/10
76561197969345888,Not Recommended,429570,21680224,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dresta,"1st episode is mostly Meh, can't really say if its good or not.  Not exactly happy with the new controls, but I could get used to them."
,Not Recommended,429570,21619551,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,eusebiusz,Says full controller support - not in my case. Get it to play from coach as all previous TWD games from TT.Got Logitech F710 and Steam Controller the game won't work with any of them. Not very lucky with the mice and keyboard  either - very laggy. Quite unusual as I'm able to play The Witcher III on max settings no problems at all.I hope dev's will sort out this problem shortly.OI! GET TO BACK TO WORK THIS GAME IS NOT FINISHED YET!
,Not Recommended,429570,21437219,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Unidentifed29,bad. Very bad. Telltale should just stick to the original walking dead game (wich they abandoned)
,Recommended,429570,22028669,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Oculus Nex,vietnam flashback simulator 2016
,Recommended,429570,22136378,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ANCRON,"More action packed, fast paced story experience, but not as emotional as first two games. Because of that every new face you meet is an unknown threat, and you have no time to know them better so you rely on chance that this person won't screw you over.Once in a while you come across people you want to help, but most of the time they turn out to be rotten and / or end up hurt or dead, either by the hands of living, or the dead. Michonne has her own emotional situation going on through the game, and you will witness her struggling to keep it together throughout the game.Game is improvement visually over the two previous games, with better animation and action scenes. Well worth the price, especially on discount."
76561197969657542,Not Recommended,429570,23997815,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tigi,"+ Graphics- Story (game is boring)- Game lenght (very short) 4 hourse max- Easy there are no puzzle just arcade press button when you see it, and that is all. Game for 3 year old kid who is trying to learn keyboard buttons.- Not interesting to play againLucky I got it on sale, it should be cheaper, 4$ max."
,Recommended,429570,22136504,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Loz38,"If you've been a massive fan of The Walking Dead Comic series as i have, you will love this! Along with that i've always loved the telltale series of games! The walking dead series 1 has got to be my top. The only bad thing about this game is it's a mini series, I wish it was longer because it's so good!!!! 10/10 please bring out more Tell Tale. You absolutely smash making these games!!!"
76561198076391347,Recommended,429570,21413306,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SlllP,"Pretty for begining, but there will be only three episodes. I believe that this story about Michonne just prepares us to meet new tell-tale games. (honestly i hope to see Clemetine in next part)"
76561198024390568,Recommended,429570,21414668,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Aliner,"Let me start this review with one, very, very important note: you need to add zip-ties to your list of 'top ten items to pack for a zombie apocalypse'. Do it. Do it NOW!So here's the deal. There will be people around telling you this episode is way too short; that there's not enough time to connect to characters or to really feel the weigh of your choices. There will probably be some hardcore fans telling you that they didn't get some stuff 'right' from the comics or that there's just 'sooo many' references you can't understand. They are probably all right in their own way, but let's get down to the important stuff.Will you enjoy this game if you're not familiar with the comics and haven't ever played telltale's TWD's games? I'm not sure. If you're part of the group that played the games before though then I'll suspect that, just like me, you'll be fairly happy able to return to the universe of walkers, QTE events and choices you kind of don't really want to make.However, is this as good as that very first season that made you feel your heartbeat in your throat and shed a tear? Nope, probably not, but what it does achieve is reintroducing that much loved world to you in a way that you know what to expect, attempt to 'read' inbetween the lines and make an effort to give yourself the best experience.If you're sitting there just waiting for S3 then The Walking Dead: Michonne is not a bad way to get that little, extra fix to remember why on earth you loved this game series in the first place. Can you survive without it? Well, that's up to you. Just don't forget the bloody zip-ties!"
76561198154858504,Recommended,429570,22657044,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,alto2ndchair,"I'm a huge walking dead fan: I've read all the comic issues, seen all the tv eps at least twice, and played all the games (including survival instinct with daryl). That said, i understand why some people would be disappointed. The series gives very little variation in how you play. However, that character you play as has context already and the audience knows what happens to her because of the comics. This is the main turn off of the game, but it's not supposed to be an open ended game where michonne can do anything and nothing happens to her.This game is not supposed to be like the other walking dead telltale games with lee and clementine. It's only purpose is to fill the gap as to what michonne has been doing. And it fufills this purpose. It's more characterization for michonne, but my only complaint is that i wish sam and her brothers could have followed her back to alexandria rather than just going to oceanside.i love this game, but then again I could just be called a walking dead fanboy and my opinion disregarded so whatever. This game is a 8.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,429570,22652793,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Michael@Belgium,"All aboard the feel train.This FeelsBadMan-miniseries of The Walking Dead summed it up. The story is basicly a touching backstory about Michonneleaving her daughters ...which is quite painful after all. As always you can pick your choices yourself which makes some difference in the plot I noticed. Just like season 1 and 2 it's basicly the same thing.The game has 3 episodes, the last one has been released today - so the game is complete. I must say the second and third episode arequite intense. If you're a person who sometimes sympathize with a person, well be careful to control your feelings I guess (It's not that bad anyway).After all these 5-6 hours I spent on this game was great, it's another great game by Telltale Games and I can't wait for The Walking Dead Season 3 - which comes in the near future most likely as these episodes were each released after a short period.Also, u gotta love the amazing soundtracks."
76561198076771467,Not Recommended,429570,24745204,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,antlucasexe,"This was a very weak offering from Telltale. I loved their Walking Dead series 1 & 2 and The Wolf Among Us, but their recent games (this one and Game of Thrones) have just felt plain lazy.The game is far too short - I completed it in just 3 hours! The story was pretty poor - you play Michonne while she is basically tripping and having hallucinations the whole time which really don't matter at all to the story at hand. Its so obvious that your decisions mean absolutely nothing that you can clearly see whats going to happen next and should have no trouble knowing what action you should be taking - in other words, I didn't feel the need to agonise over any of the decisions at all.The only good thing I can find to say about this one is that the graphics were an improvement over previous titles, but thats all.I really hope this isn't an indication of how The Walking Dead 3 or The Wolf Among Us 2 will go! I think I'll just watch the next Telltale game that comes out on Youtube instead of buying it."
,Not Recommended,429570,32145077,Posted: 2 June,all,Homura,"Crap, unpolished animations. This is just a cheap cashgrab.Also, annoying QTE, but that's to be expected."
76561198067453194,Not Recommended,429570,23085976,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,KroeboCop,A little bit boring story..................................5/10
76561198061852214,Not Recommended,429570,28520893,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,linchpin_001,"Michonne has always been a boring character so for me I wasn't expecting much from this.  Found the flashbacks irritating (especially towards the end) and the lack of choice was really obvious in this one.I cared more about Pete and Oak than I did Greg, Sam or anyone else, even didn't give two craps if i slipped up and let Michonne get killed sometimes.The only reason I finished this is because i heard somewhere it ties into the new one. I really hope so because right now it feels like a gigantic waste of time."
,Recommended,429570,22654273,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,أوركيدا,"Enjoyable Experience, the amount of character growth that goes down in this 3 Episodes is what Season 2 of TWD should've been like. i feel this is the right way for telltale to make season 3 that much better! i wont talk much about the story because.. well, it would include spoilers! but you really should try this game! and you may shed a tear or two, what more to ask for?you also get to play Michonne who is very different than playing as clementine, she's more cold and straightforward, you also get to experience some emotional trauma that i dont think will leave her anytime soon.. but you will see that beneath all that coldness is a kind,loving and a strong person. i enjoyed playing as michonne and i hope you do too.on a final note i really hope all that character development wont go to waste, and i hope some familiar faces appear in the the next installment of the series! :)"
,Not Recommended,429570,33453128,Posted: 11 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,Your choices don't matter,So why should you choose?"
,Not Recommended,429570,31186026,Posted: 16 April,all,The.Davis,"What a repugnant set of characters. I have rarely wanted so badly to kill a certain character, and then the game railroads me into teaming up with that character. I uninstalled after the opening scene of episode 2. Will not finish this crap."
,Not Recommended,429570,22202194,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,"Incredibly short. This game lacks the length and choices of the previous games, and each episode only takes about an hour... not remotely worth the $15 pricetag. The good thing is that since the game was so short and underwhelming, I can easily get a return and full refund. Really dissapointed."
76561198118642800,Recommended,429570,22155210,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lamington,今回のミショーンはショートストーリーなのでしょうか、全体的に少し物足りなさを感じます。グラフィックは綺麗ですし、ボタンのアクションも少し複雑になっており、楽しめておりますが、物語の短さから深く感情移入できずにいます。ミショーンのコミックスや、ウォーキングデッドTVシリーズをしっかり見ている人は、もっと楽しめるのかな？と思い、コミックスなども読んでみたくなりました。ストーリーが短いので選択肢の幅も狭く、また、深くかかわる登場人物のすくなさから人間関係も複雑に入り組むということも無く、選択肢による大きな変化もあまりみられず、さまざまな面で緊張感が薄くなってしまっているように感じました(ミショーンの無双の強さやクレムと違い、強い大人であることの安心感もあるかもしれませんが。)。ウォーキングデッドファンや同タイトルのテルストーリーシリーズのファンは買って損は無いと思います。ウォーキングデッド　シーズン３が来ると耳にしておりますので、こっちを楽しみながら待つのもよいかも知れません。個人的にはすきなのでサムズアップに致します。
,Not Recommended,429570,28516065,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shipuli,"Don't buy. Very short and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. 3 episodes, 3 hours"
,Recommended,429570,22110784,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Akika7043,I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE 3 EPISODE!!!BTW:The game is awsome
76561198075594850,Recommended,429570,30750586,Posted: 26 March,all,Business Fish,Bit short for the price but its still pretty goodEdit: Full review here -http://puu.sh/tfZNs
76561198020828304,Not Recommended,429570,21470045,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,May the Forth,"I was scammed. I thought this was a full game. In reality its a comercial break. Do not buy this game thinking it is like the other Two. Its not. It is very very very short. Therer are no puzzles to figure out. and your chose won't change a thing.I was a big fan of the other two walking dead games. Finished both. Probably because you felt something for Lee and Clemintine. But this chick? borring. Self indulged, misrible, heartless. Borring. They should have done more of her kids back store. I mean the good cop bad cop retine is so old, and borring. Oh and itonly took 2 HOUrs to finish. Not worth the price. $3 mabey"
76561198079346330,Not Recommended,429570,22747653,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Íñigo,Meh
76561198103559554,Recommended,429570,22150428,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,lara croftsus,Pros:- Characters are interesting- Good story telling- Voice acting is on point- Michonne is awesome- The finale is amazing- Really emotionalCons:- Episodes are way too short- It is a bit rushedIt is all around a very good story telling game and is very entertaining but the episodes are really short and also at some parts it feels rushed.
,Not Recommended,429570,24734269,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Captainspraay,WAAAAAAYYYY too short.
76561198305049679,Recommended,429570,24944616,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,christyvita,make more walking dead games
,Recommended,429570,24538964,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NIИ,"If you like TWDG season 1 and 2, then this game is for you. There is a lot more quick time events than the other games, and it's a little different than before. Telltale stepped it up for this game! I can only imagine what season 3 will be like...8.7/10"
,Recommended,429570,22773689,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ashes,Another great Telltale game.Great Story.
76561198074565238,Recommended,429570,22798503,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Prof.Dr.Patrick,The feels are strong in this one...
,Recommended,429570,30387805,Posted: 8 March,all,Gurtec,Made me buy the comics
76561198201044233,Recommended,429570,22778153,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Victor,"It is a very good game, in my opinion. It is indeed a little to short, but it is worth of buying."
,Recommended,429570,22662964,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Amy Lee,"Amazing story, great character development and intense gameplay, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,429570,22685436,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SlyNic,"If you want to experience a brutal Telltale series, look no further!'The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries' is a great filler for fans of TWDS01 & TWDS02, it will surley get you ready for TWDS03 release later this year."
76561197982796760,Not Recommended,429570,26632246,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,natiahs,"I bought this on sale for $4 and can't recommend it even at that price. The story is so short that you don't really get a chance to connect with any of the characters. But the real problem here is technical - I game on a G-Sync 1440p 1ms monitor, and I have never experienced framerate issues like I had with this game. The game would often stutter and occasionally freeze for seconds at a time. I also had a cloud-save problem where I lost my progress from the first episode. I was 80% of the way through it and decided to skip to episode 2 rather than start over.I've experienced bugs in TTG games before, but this is the first time I've found the performance to be game-breaking."
76561197978178216,Recommended,429570,22097456,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DaMadman,"Don't let the negative reviews give you a bad picture of this game, so far its a great start but, they need more events in it. The storyline starts off ok but, it gets interesting later."
,Not Recommended,429570,22683867,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,eat my sass,"A huge letdown, especially since Michonne is such a big character! Felt like a money grab from Telltale. It felt rushed, and your choices don't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥More of a game to play when it's on sale, and you're bored. Very disappointed in Telltale for this."
76561198031875543,Recommended,429570,22668519,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Poliban,"I'm really disappointed with the amount of content, but it's a good game and I really like the story development around Michonne's trauma with her kids"
76561198167137366,Not Recommended,429570,25558994,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ruby,"I love The Walking Dead but this is pretty trashy, buy the other two first."
76561198027713552,Not Recommended,429570,30841031,Posted: 30 March,all,Kosmos,"I liked the game and story, but it is WAY TOO SHORT (Only 3 chapters).I finished the story in less than 4 hours."
,Not Recommended,429570,23539326,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ↁick,"where to start..im a big fan of all telltale games (except the minecraft♥♥♥♥♥♥)its okay.. but it didnt gave the feeling like in TWAU and the first the walking dead.the character boring, disapointing empty ending , ended firstfeelt like i didnt acomplish anything..wait for the wolf amoung us 2"
76561198060170604,Recommended,429570,22647662,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,not_stressed,why i cant download the third episode?i bout the game
,Recommended,429570,23679193,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,iSm1le,Just one more good story game from TTG.
,Recommended,429570,23678415,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,StarGreen,"Good showing from Telltale as usual in my experience. A very complete and rounded story is told, although as with all the others I wish it were longer. Three episodes for 10.99GBP is worth it, but would be even better if this series had been five episodes."
,Recommended,429570,22198575,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,d i s d a i n [1 3 8],"This review is after episode 2 came out.There is a lot of criticism of this miniseries in comparison to the others, mostly around the points:- Very short episodes (Wouldn't be surprised if the total gameplay was less than 3 episodes of any other series).- Knowing about the comics can limit the amount of possibilities- Even less gameplay, very much a movie with choices.They're legit points, and if you judge this by how it fits the previous games' footprints - especially so.But the question is, is it worth buying?Yes. If you are comparing the price exactly with the old series, it's higher, but if you compare the price to going to see the latest hollywood superhero♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- this is cheaper, longer and far more gripping.We are drowning in the oversaturation of entertainment. Gotta carefully select which gets our attention. I'm glad this game (>game) is in my experience, satan knows there are plenty I would rather weren't. I think if you're a fan of TWD you'd enjoy this too.At the same time, I hope season 3 returns to the roots. If you've never played a TWD, get season 1."
,Recommended,429570,22177471,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Splicer.,All in all a solid The Walking Dead mini series. 7/10But nothing can't beat the original seasons 1+2.
,Recommended,429570,21579972,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cooper,"A compelling story so far, Michonne is a pretty awesome character. Even someone who doesn't watch The Walking Dead can relate to her stoic badassery and emotional turmoil. Telltale Games never fails to deliver, so I have no doubt the 2 episodes will be even better than this first episode."
76561198064106963,Recommended,429570,21422518,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blackheart,"Really enjoyed the first episoide as Michonne is by far my favourite characther in The Walking Dead. Story was engaging and the graphics are are a step up from previous games. I suppose the only thing that lets it down is the length.... Ive always been an advocator of buying these games in the sales when all episodes have been released, making for a better more immersive game....but really wanted to get my Walking Dead fix...feels like its been to long since Clemintine graced our Keyboards... Great start but a little to short in my opinion."
,Recommended,429570,21477276,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,✔_MasterBB_✔,"Great DLC. Good to see Michonnes side of the story & what she's been put through in the past. Great story, good feels & a good cliffhanger."
76561198085920438,Recommended,429570,21466501,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,atomicshells,"So far, so good! Great characters, great storyline, tough desicions. If you like the other Telltale Walking Dead games, you can't go wrong with this one. I have high hopes for upcoming episodes. One minor criticism of this is that sometimes the water graphics are very uneven, like the water is a square around a row-boat looks very different from the surrounding water. Also there are brief moments where your character will ""glitch out"" and jerk around quickly, but that isn't a very big deal. Other than those 2 minor details, I am very impressed and I am looking forward to what else this game has to offer."
,Recommended,429570,21880245,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,st33p,"Good, Game"
,Recommended,429570,21414214,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sayuri,"Good so far, albeit short.But Jesus Christ, did they have to reuse SO MANY assets from Season 1 and Season 2 of the original games? 70% of the models and SFX/music is reused, maybe more.Lastly, although the game is pretty good, its engine is starting to show its age. TellTale has been using the same engine for so many years, I really hope TWD Season 3 uses a different one, same for any future TellTale games."
,Recommended,429570,22754464,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MeliSpirit,This game was so much fun to play I'm not really BIG on horror games but who doesn't like a scare once and a while and your a chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥like me. Sometimes a story verision is a better way to go and if you like the Walking Dead Series Like I do then you'll enjoy this game.
76561197970409187,Recommended,429570,31880474,Posted: 21 May,all,Sharess,"A solid and well told story, but it feels too short!  (GoS)"
,Recommended,429570,33018484,Posted: 29 June,all,Jmac,Short but quality over quantity imoMuch better than new frontier
,Recommended,429570,22297181,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"Although its not worth the $15 price tag, its still a very enjoyable story, with great graphics and optimisation, honestly it is not as good as the first two games, but if it is ever on sale (like when i bought it), BUY IT!"
76561198013454524,Recommended,429570,22730738,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,contramal,it lives up to the walking dead but it's way to short. Better pick this one up on a steam sale
76561198060251813,Recommended,429570,24067750,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sir_Radiation,I havent played it myself but going off Youtubers Yogscast Hannah and Pewdiepie. It looks great
,Not Recommended,429570,24035342,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Amber,"That game is awful!!!! As a fan of both the TWD tv shows and the games, I am really disappointed at this game. I was expecting to see it like the TWD 1 or 2, but it turns ourt to be a s h i t……People here don't even have their characters, so I made no hesitate when I have to let someone or two die( sometimes I even thought maybe Michonne should die as well.) The story is not even completed and the so frequent flash-backs memories totally ruin my mood in playing.Michonne is obviously not ready for her trip, people with a strong  heart must let go everything in the past so that they can go on. I thought she was a tough guy, but she is not, and I feel really pity for her."
,Recommended,429570,23842443,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kali-Zoidberg,1/10. Didn't crie.
76561198077338981,Recommended,429570,23933913,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Th3BloodyMEX78,"If you have been playing the rest of the series of the walking dead.....it is worthy, but if you haven´t. Stay away, you might be dissapointed because of the duration of the story.The actual price on summer sale is better than the normal price. So..... go and get it as fast as you can."
76561198121967341,Recommended,429570,28902329,Posted: 1 January,all,oOkami,"So is there anyone got community choice problem like me?TWD2 works, but this one and ANF shows nothing, and refresh didn't work too :("
,Recommended,429570,25797238,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Antelope Lim,Better than worseChoices' impacts on story are smaller than my nipples.
,Recommended,429570,24762976,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ronnyarazi92,"Michonne is such a badass I wanted to punch a wall. the game is great but please don't punch the wall, it's not as cool as you may thing. 10\10 writing only with my left hand right now."
,Recommended,429570,23445312,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,I'm From Outer Space,"Very short, finished it in about 3 hours. Great story but wouldn't buy it for anything more than $1. Besides this is just a spin-off, barely linked to the original games story"
76561198280872666,Recommended,429570,28508496,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MrNightOwl,I love this game but I hate most of the Two Girls scene
,Recommended,429570,22315753,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,maklover,After watching a TV-show WD I found the same atmosphere steam game. I really like it and recommend to the true fans of the world of Zombies. Enjoy!
,Recommended,429570,22730239,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tony.,"I thought that this game would be worse than TWD 1 and 2, but after playing this game I know that Telltale always do their best and achieve the goal in 100%. Great character: Michonne- a loving mother who left her daughters and now has hallucinations because of it, great story and ofc better mini-games. The only con that I can think of is that this game is too short (but still it's only a DLC).If Telltale makes the Third Season which will look like this game, this will be the best game of the year!"
76561197997481887,Recommended,429570,22654691,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Agent G,"Too short, want more!"
76561197965046644,Recommended,429570,30385254,Posted: 7 March,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A interesting story on Michonne's background. Not much else can be said about the game as it's a telltale game which is pretty much straight forward story telling. If your a fan of the character or just walking dead in general and not bothered by the fact it's a telltale game then I recommend you picking it up just for the story.
76561198046372802,Recommended,429570,22670480,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CaptPicard69,"I don't know why people are reviewing this game as not giving you any real choice. I have played all the Telltale games and I think this one went right along with the others, especially the other games from Telltale about the Walking Dead. I'm eagerly awaiting the 3rd season of the game and this one did just fine to keep me happy until then. One con would be I got tired of the flashbacks..."
76561198160094589,Recommended,429570,22303408,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bellasweetheart101,i think this game turned out pretty good. i mean if michonne is your favorite girl in the walking dead you get to play as her.
76561198119413677,Recommended,429570,29099956,Posted: 7 January,all,Connor,Great story! If you are a the Walking Dead game fan or show fan you should get this.
,Recommended,429570,28936187,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Another side of Michonne
76561198048918917,Recommended,429570,23823408,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,goview,"If you like Telltale games, esp. The Walking Dead games, you will like it.Nice work, nice adjustment of the engine.Only down: Only three episodes and all three shorter than episodes from TWD, Tales of Borderlands or The Wolf Among Us."
76561198164299703,Recommended,429570,22162986,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,tyeshaprice30,love the show and this game....HUGE FAN OF THE WALKING DEAD!!!
76561197970742809,Recommended,429570,22485137,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sergeant Hoagie,"A bit short but still a worthy ""waiting for episode 3 - sequel"". We'll just have to see how long we'll have to wait for it."
,Recommended,429570,23522575,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Arka,The game has good story and has great voice acting!Although the only con I would say is that it does not recognise Xbox One controller at all which is unacceptable as I had to play this using my mouse & keyboard where the experience was not much good.
,Recommended,429570,22309611,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,╳That One Casual╳,"This is good as hell, know why? I'm not even in the 3rd episode and I'll already know it'll be good. It's the type of game that makes you want to punch your screen because some♥♥♥♥♥♥wants children to die and because they left it off at a cliffhanger. Then you want to burst out in tears after you see the main character die, and get shot by a child. This game is full of feelings, and thats what's good about it, It's like your watching a movie. And a plus one if your a dark person, you can ♥♥♥♥ up peoples lives, and you get to stab zombies in the face. You might think "" HAII PUSSIG LIKER THIOS IS JDUSTT A FAUHING STRORI GAEM!!!!1!!!11@!!11#!$%% (yes i typed that with my face)"" but it's one of the best story games out there, not throwing Life is Strange under the bus that game's hella awesome sauce (Yes I turned into Max and Chloe). You should play it, The Walking Dead and Life is Strange."
76561197966105913,Recommended,429570,22146066,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Revixy,"Updated review, this game is absolutely worth your money, want a quick feel of how Telltale Games ""The Walking Dead"" feels like? This game is the game to choose to get the best feeling for the cheapest price.Get the entire series, every single season. It will be worth it!Video below of my playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oB5QzSxZec&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHyWc7lMYDBzbZ5u__Cjl7vC&index=1"
76561198044336628,Recommended,429570,22315761,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AJAXX,great game
76561198059613219,Not Recommended,429570,32463415,Posted: 15 June,all,Angerfist,"Comparing to season 1 and 2, this game had way less playtime, choices were pretty limiting and when made often had kind of stupid results. Immersion in characters is pretty thin. It has too much combat. Not worth the money and I doubt it will be significant enough for season 3. Story is ok, but feels mediocre at best. The game is so fast you have literally not time to care whether your choices were right or wrong."
,Not Recommended,429570,32546615,Posted: 18 June,all,Tisovcik,"I'd love to recommendTWD: Michonnebut in good conscience I simply can't.If you had not played any TWD game by Telltale, go buy and play Season 1 + Season 2 instead; they're much better games.If you did, you roughly know what you're getting. The game plays pretty much the same as previous TWD games. It's shorter (3 episodes, 3-4 hours total) but that's not an issue as it's also cheaper.As you already know, the game follows story of Michonne who's a well established comic book character and has no relation to previous TWD games (except of lore). It may seem that the target audience is therefore limited to fans of both games and comic book but that is not the case - probably in order to appeal to players not familiar with comic bok, ties to are minimal. There's absolutely no mention of any past event or character from comic book which is a shame. There's only one single occassion when one of other characters suggests something along the lines of (minor spoiler)""going back to your group"".That's all.I had several issues with the game:Over the course of the game, Michonnehas multiple flashbacks and hallucinations. The former are mostly okay, as they are longer, playable and provide some backstory. The latter ruined the last episode and finale of the game for me and are what pushed me over the edge and resulted in negative review. Not only do they sometimes result in unnecessary, cheap jump scare, they also break the flow of the story.The game feels more linear than previous TWD games. In previous games, some choices mattered and others only seemed to matter. In this one, there's only one decision that feels like it can make a difference.(Spoiler safe for comic book readers past issue #139:)Michonne and two other characters have ""plot armor"". They appear later on in the comic book and you know they have to survive the game. Other characters are new and you don't have much time to get attached to them; impact of deaths is far lower.Technical execution is worse than in previous TWD games. The engine feels dated and the game occassionally (once an hour) froze for 5-10 seconds in the middle of a scene, for no apparent reason.In short, I found the game lacking. Apart from characters, connection to the comic book was almost non-existent, story was weaker (but still okay) and I found the overall experience to be flawed by decisions with no impact and thehallucinations. Only recommended for big fans of anything-TWD."
,Recommended,429570,31158905,Posted: 15 April,all,GunnerLord™,Gr8 game
,Recommended,429570,31039137,Posted: 9 April,all,Zakk,"Michonne is worth to get if you're friend of The Walking Dead series. Maybe not the best of the Telltale games, and quite short, only 3 episodes. Seems to have a bit more quicktime events that in series before, which I don't like that much, but story seems to be solid as we've used to with Telltale. If you're new to series start from first season, but if you've gone thru the rest and like the setup, then get this too."
,Recommended,429570,24443217,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Brolaf,"I didn't like it at first, mainly because of the main character, which is always very serious and sad. However, the story grew on me after the first episode and I wished it was longer. I especially loved the theme song at the beginning of each episode."
,Recommended,429570,32988304,Posted: 29 June,all,TheManNamedDoge我是一隻狗,A very noice game purchase if worth good story emotional can't say anything bad
76561198264245181,Recommended,429570,23885491,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,I_Inject_dettol,it was good
,Recommended,429570,24506093,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kondorr,"Walking Dead: Michonne: 10/10– MUST BUY FOR FANSREVIEWAlthough I generally love most Telltale games, or rather interactive stories, I tend to get bored somewhere in the middle with most of them… only real exception was „Tales from Borderlands"". Now I know many people moan about the shortening length of Telltale games, but I got to say, the pacing of Michonne was perfect. I could not lay the game down.Another great aspect is that by playing Michonne and not Clem, I felt liberated to indulge in revenge and non-moral behavior, while still being honest and well-wishing. With Lee I felt I need to do the right thing, with Clem I felt I need to do the pragmatic thing, but with Michonne I needed to do the righteous and cruel thing.Technically I saw lots of upgrades… better textures, much better facial animation, the camera was much more dynamic and that intro song was just pure perfect.This is yet another great entry for Telltale and franchise itself and even though it is just below 4 hours in length it is worth its asking price!"
,Not Recommended,429570,30892943,Posted: 1 April,all,Aze,"Game has insane input lag in fullscreen, and performs far worse than it really should.  The game's engine is horrible, and the game itself is short and mediocre."
,Recommended,429570,25075620,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,123,duz n e 1 else weant to fuq the zombees?
76561198165345414,Recommended,429570,23117835,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mxlvin,I really enjoyed this game. If you like the Walking Dead series from Telltale Games you should really check this one out!
,Recommended,429570,22747505,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,iMoo,"I think the story of the game was pretty good. I wanted it to last a lot longer just to enjoy it more. The episodes don't feel too short; generally takes 4-4.5 hours to finish one playthrough. I played twice to see what would happen with the alternative choices and was disappointed that one of the biggest moments didn't change much at all. But it was necessary if they wanted to end the game the way they did, I think. Fortunately, I got this game while it was on sale. That's the only time I think it's worth your money if you don't mind a short playthrough of a pretty good backstory."
,Not Recommended,429570,32760585,Posted: 25 June,all,BaBuuBaBuu,Still have the full screen issue? even the game has been released for a year?I can't recommend this game.
,Recommended,429570,32982472,Posted: 29 June,all,Dauntless,"Amazing characters, story and visuals. This game really got me, highly recomended."
,Recommended,429570,30887654,Posted: 1 April,all,Manu_i7 彡,Love TWD series Games and Series from amc <3
76561198033446029,Not Recommended,429570,27393985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ragnaswife,"also bis jetzt nicht gerade der pausen füller,schlechte steuerung"
,Recommended,429570,25405535,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Draucus,"It's pretty short, but a good story.  Gameplay is kinda fun, but not much interaction as much as there is more dialogue.  Certainly recommended.  Especially if it is on sale."
76561198063281813,Recommended,429570,25492521,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,InsanityWolf,"The Walking Dead – Michonne was a short and sweet Telltale Games adventure that tides fans over until the next instalment of The Walking Dead game comes out.It’s a shorter than usual, 3 episode affair, and each episode takes around 1.5 hours to complete. The game follows Walking Dead show favourite Michonne through a brief adventure that happens during a period that she is away from her regular group. The game follows Michonne dealing with the grief of losing her two daughters in the apocalypse, and they haunt her through the game, often at the worst times.The game is more action heavy than the other Walking Dead games since Michonne is far more capable than the characters in the other games. It’s pretty satisfying when the action scenes happen and you get to fire off a chain of quicktime events that has her carve through Bandits and Zombies alike. Michonne is a bad♥♥♥♥♥Pros- Short & sweet Walking Dead adventure- Some tough choices to make as always- Satisfying action sequencesCons- Not enough explanation or resolution to Michonne’s past- Didn’t get too attached to the other characters"
,Recommended,429570,25484873,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,superWHOAman,Well kinda disappointed it was only 3 episodes but I loved all 3 of them anyways
,Recommended,429570,23084899,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DESTINY 2 HYPE!!!,"The walking dead Michonne was a great game, although I only recommend you pick it up on sale like I did. Those coming from previous Telltale walking dead games will not be disapointed, it has all of the walker kills, twists you'd come to expect from any previous walking dead games. The game focuses on Michonne a character from the TV series, it shows us her backstory and why she is so mysterious in the TV show. With that being said this is a very, very short game although in the title 'Miniseries' appears this is much shorted than I had hoped. I thought michonne deserved a full game, but instead Telltale would have rather made Minecraft strory mode..."
76561198092200933,Recommended,429570,23793556,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,►4nĐy9O5◄,I like this game . I have all games from telltale games and they are my most favourte games .
76561197987461947,Recommended,429570,32333715,Posted: 10 June,all,trocker222,"wow, great story and game play, keep it up telltale."
,Not Recommended,429570,28310684,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CharMil9819,"It's a good game but the performance was quite bad for a game with such low requirements. I had freezes, frame rate drops and action scenes required multiple attempts to pass beacuse the game kept bugging out. All my other telltale games run fine on my pc so I'm hoping new frontier doesn't continue in this games footsteps and become a buggy mess"
,Not Recommended,429570,29515379,Posted: 26 January,all,moomoojubu,Short and mediocre writing. I guess Telltale has lost their touch.
,Not Recommended,429570,29470256,Posted: 24 January,all,speedy10101,A really really boring game. I came to it hoping that I would be filled in with what was going on with Michonne during the time jump in the comic books. Instead I was met with a boring linear plot which added nothing to the comic books. It is very easy to think that this could have been set before Michonne even met Rick and the others. Boring choices that don't mean anything - but as a diehard walking dead fan I had to play to the end to see if there would be any pay off. There isn't.
,Recommended,429570,24428343,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Stingygamer,Very good game. Only two downsides1- Choices don't matter really2- Only 4 hours long.8/10
,Recommended,429570,22654276,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Lord Demon Pyro,"This is mabye a short part of the The Walking Dead Serie, but this story is just to damn great.Great, but also often realy sad...Great game, 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,429570,34424401,Posted: 22 August,all,Spoopy Egg,"I'm a pretty big Walking Dead fan, and overall I hated the Michonne game. The game was very short and put together really fast. If you compare Michonne in the Tv show to the game it's very different. I know I should be relying on the comic more than the Tv show because it shows a bit more of Michonne's backstory and what not but I don't have time to read them all and it's easier to watch or even listen to the show rather than reading the comics because I get very distracted while reading especially at home (Okay let's move on). The multiple flashbacks and hallucinations got very annoying because it happened so often. When I see Michonne, I see a badass female. They made her look very unreliable and sobby. Of course she always found a way around problems and what not but the flashbacks just totally ruined the mood and the story focused more on her worrying over her kids than the actually story? I don't know, I haven't played the game in a while and really would not like to replay it because I just remember it being BAD and the flashbacks got me really irritated."
,Recommended,429570,34447785,Posted: 23 August,all,TehCrazyCat,"The Walking Dead: Michonne es, como en el título dice, una miniserie de Telltale de una duración de 4 a 6 horas. En el juego nos cuentan la típica historia vista en todos los juegos de TWD: Toda la tierra está llena de ""caminantes"". Durante el juego iremos viendo como Michonne va sobreviviendo día a día cargando un pasado algo trágico.El juego en si es bueno. La historia y la trama no serán lo mejor que hayas visto, pero tampoco es que sea mala, y pues como siempre tus decisiones no afectan mucho al juego (aunque yo sí sentí que mis decisiones afectaban ""algo""). En lo personal no estoy decepcionado del juego.La verdad para la duración que el juego nos ofrece, es muy caro. Lo recomiendo comprar sólo si lo consigues en ofertas."
,Recommended,429570,32098074,Posted: 31 May,all,Vibes,Very good game. Pete cool guy. I like Oak.
,Not Recommended,429570,31008693,Posted: 7 April,all,Lex Deadlock,"I am a big fan of Telltale games. With this said, this is by far the worst of their recent attempts to create an engaging and immersive story. The biggest letdown stems from the fact that it seems like this was written by someone with split personality. You have a very cohesive main plot, albeit not groundbreaking by any standards, that is constantly ruined by idiotic flashbacks/allucinations that hardly make any sense. Every time you start enjoying the story, Michonne starts tripping, while you ask yourself ""what's the point in this cheesy drama?"". By the end of the third chapter you realize there's no point whatsoever, and you consider replaying Tales from the Borderlands just to cleanse your soul after such a disappointing experience."
,Not Recommended,429570,26429252,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,glw147,"This game took less than 4 hours for me to complete, that alone says a lot. In addition to it, choices meant nothing at all, espcecially knowing that Michonne can't be in any type of actual danger. paid around 5 dollars for this, and still feel like it was unjustified. I've played most of the Telltale games, and there seems to be a definite downward trend, so be forewarned."
,Not Recommended,429570,26478152,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Haryo25,"Not worth the full price. Go wait until another Steam Sales.It has only three episodes, and each episodes only approximately takes about an hour.I still don't quite get it, about Michonne's family, why she left them and what happened to them."
,Recommended,429570,23101492,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,-=100%Psychopath=-,"I loved Walking Dead 1 + 2, played them with keyboard control. I played Michonne with controller, which was actually more enjoyable. Anyway, I thought the 3 episodes offered good entertainment and were on par with the Walking Dead - just shorter of course. Really short indeed, but since Witcher III I am more afraid of games too long."
,Recommended,429570,27434305,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,"I guess its alright, definetely not the best Telltale Game so far in the series.But it real cheap like i did so you wont feel empty and suicidal afterwards"
,Recommended,429570,26584409,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,yokoloco,"First off, the cons of this game> Very linear, choices really lack much consequences, even compared to other Telltale Games- Choices are limited, do not really affect the path of the story much; maybe because we know Michonee is not in danger at all- Less exploration, just going through the story> Some buggy issues with Cloud Save and loading times- Lost my 1st episode progress, better disable cloud saving to avoid losing progress- Some frame froze for quite a while, and loading screen sometimes take forever to load> Very, very short. 4 hours for 3 episode- Could have been a DLC or something, defintely not worth the Telltale full price ; even at 75% discountIt's not all bad, as I still recommend to buy the game for Telltale or Walking Dead (or both) fans.Pros :> Story is quite interesting to know Michonne as a character more- Get to see her struggle with her demons, but still see her as a badass from start to finish- This game is also more action packed compared to other Telltale Games> Soundtrack is good- Going to look for the songs after this> Great voice acting> Satisfy that Telltale urgeVERDICT : Telltale Walking Dead fans should get it, but get it at the highest discounted price."
76561198140374868,Recommended,429570,26441245,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,maria114a,It's not the best - thin plot and the decisions barely matter. But if you like Telltale and Michonne then it's worth getting it on sale.
76561198095974128,Recommended,429570,26551418,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,zack314,"It's 4 hours of mild entertainement. Like watching a tv show about zombies (but not a good one)Also: Your. Choices. Do. Not. Matter.I tried really hard to get some of the companions killed, but the game would not let me :-("
,Recommended,429570,27204028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,H4LTSM4UL,amazing.
,Recommended,429570,27052223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jonthefuzz,The best telltale game
,Recommended,429570,22789462,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,KrazyKat,"Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q5NCnxfsn8I paid about $10 for The Walking Dead: Michonne and I'm not entirely disappointed, although I probably should have waited for a better sale. I'm a huge fan of Telltale generally, and think Season 1 of The Walking Dead is one of the best games of the last decade. This is definitely one of Telltale Games' weaker offerings. Significantly weaker than either Season 1 or Season 2 of The Walking Dead, although also much better than the underwhelming ""400 Days"" DLC. I find it unlikely that I will replay any part of this one, unlike Season 1 of The Walking Dead which I've replayed several times. For $10, at most 4 hours of gameplay (each episode is almost exactly 1 hour, with the first one maybe running 75 minutes) is on the high end of what I usually like to pay for a video game, especially considering one of the reasons this mini-series didn't do it for me is because the characters are so weak. The main villain (Norma is almost OK) are so unambiguously and obnoxiously evil that there's really no moral dilemma in your dealings with him. There was no moment of reflection in this season.So, on the whole, this is a pretty weak offering from Telltale Games. That being said, even a mediocre offering from Telltale Games is still a bit better than a lot of other games out there. As mediocre as these episodes were, they still were much more compelling than the actively bad writing of the ""Mad Max"" game, and there's also something to be said for not just presenting a sandbox without characters or attempt at representation. So Telltale here gets a pass from me, although there are definitely other games from this developer that you should check out before this rather bland offering.Final Rating: 3/5 KatanasHere's when you should buy this:You've beaten Season 1You've beaten Season 2You've beaten Season 1 again*Now you buy The Walking Dead: Michonne*Now you buy 400 Days DLC, maybe."
76561198107911755,Recommended,429570,34002866,Posted: 3 August,all,Lajtmen,not bad
,Recommended,429570,21413690,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,haste,"Really fun game, if you're a fan of the other walking dead series youre 100% going to enjoy this one. Very short, around one hour long, first season. Can't wait for the second one!"
76561198191426891,Recommended,429570,21414349,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,CrowTheOP,The game is very good totally worth it!!!I like the gameplayed walking dead 1played walking dead 2and its good so far so and im looking for walking dead 3 and The Walking Dead: Michonne ep:2 and 3 :)))))
76561198078361919,Recommended,429570,21415680,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TwizDAWG #ihard #nig27 #wildfire,Very good first episode.
76561198061786310,Recommended,429570,21415964,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BruceMcMoose,"Even if this game was double its price, i would still recommend it, telltale never fails to amaze.+Great voice acting+Visually stunning+Character development ( Damn Telltale, back at it again with the character development )+Great butterfly effect choices-Might be a bit short for some peoples taste ( But that don't matter, just buy the damn game anyway you fool! )Even if you're not a big fan of the walking dead or its comics, this game is still a must have for anyone."
76561198157113920,Recommended,429570,21416483,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Havana,"I can't wait till episode two! dang... I was on the low majority on most of the choices, i 100% RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOYED ANY OTHER TELLTALE CONTENT :) YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED!!!!!"
,Recommended,429570,21423830,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Cinderspark,"So um, this is my interpritation of the game...Before buying: GET IN MY LIBRARY!!While downloading: FASTER!!While opening the game: OPEN! OPEN! OPEN!About 5 minutes in: Come at me bro, I'm a liscenced badass and I'm CRAZY!!When the logo song played: Hey, they've been doing this since Tales from the Borderlands. I kinda like it.About a quarter of the way through: No. Nonononono NO.About halfway through: Oh you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s...Immediately after playing: He's gonna die, isn't he... I like him, so he's gonna die... dammit...About 5 minutes later: NEXT CHAPTER, NOW!! NOooooowwwWWW!And I only do this with telltale games... because telltale..."
,Recommended,429570,21442052,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Dabz,This game is amazing!! Loving how they're developing Michonne as a character like this. There is so many things that gets omitted from the TV series from what's canon in the comic. I'm super happy!!!
76561198130844032,Recommended,429570,21450203,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Nik,Worth every penny
,Recommended,429570,21452521,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TWhizzo the Onion Knight,"Ok, People, this is a good game. Story is good. Michonne's character building is good, and towards the end it get very tense. Bare in mind that this is only a mini series filler, so you have something to play until Season 3 comes out. The intergration of music into the intro is suberp and the ending along with the credit song makes you wanna play the next episode instantly. If you are a Walking Dead fan, well this is a must buy. And as a bonus for all us Brits, there is a English guy in it! The game entertained me extremely well. 10/10"
,Recommended,429570,21469278,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SirXandor,"Michonne is one of my favorite characters from the show, so I was hyped when they released a game about her. Although it seems the Game and the TV show are kind of different from what I learned. (The game being based of the Comic)There were some new aesthetics in this game than the previous walking dead games. Although its been about a year or 2 since TWD Season 2 was released.I kind of like the new layout to be honest. I wouldn't mind having Season 3 use a similar look. Although I did experience a bit of a framerate issue, it didn't take away to much from the enjoyment of the game. I don't know if the lower framerate was from my computer being the computer it is, or if it was some graphical stuff from the game. But so far, I give it a solid 8.5 out of 10Really looking forward to the next 2 episodes."
,Recommended,429570,21481173,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gvafkmylyf,"Exactly 90 minutes long for me and I wasn't rushing.Felt a little short.I think Telltale has really upped their production qualities since TFTBL and for that reason the intro is one of my favorite scenes in all Telltale games.So far, I don't think its anywhere near the best thing Telltale has produced(Its only Ep. 1 so far, and I know telltale has a tendency to save the good stuff for the latter half of their games), but its still worth the relatively low price in my opinion."
76561198112820423,Recommended,429570,21612861,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,reinventedsky,"Telltale's new miniseries from The Walking Dead canon has enough winning elements to warrant a recommendation - but only just. Michonne's an already established character, three dimensional and compelling in both the comics and the TV series, but the narrative of her pysche being broken down by the apocolyptic world is material already explored by Telltale. And the premiere episode, In Too Deep, is brief and unsurprising. That said, there is some stunning art direction in the opening episode, capped off with the same refined level of QTE events which made Tales from the Borderlands so thrilling. But ultimately, though, where Michonne's story arc goes over the course of just three episodes is anyone's guess. Trust it to Telltale to provide their unique brand of dramatic tension."
76561198024545750,Recommended,429570,21666827,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Smyg,FANTASTIC game.
76561198075894258,Recommended,429570,21426380,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,troll112,The new gameplay system looks great and graphics are great too but the most significant improvment was the lags.9.5/10
76561198243723808,Recommended,429570,21427007,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Malakas kana ba?!,"I think this game is Great but full of suspense, Waiting for season 2 :)"
,Recommended,429570,21430655,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Timmeman123[US],"As a big fan of the comic series and TV show I can only say that this game is totally and absolutely awesome! I really enjoyed the first episode and simply cannot wait for the other 2 episodes! The story is pretty good, the graphics are awesome and the new interface is also really nice. If you have played the other TWD games by telltale games (Also real masterpieces) you'll know what I'm talking about. I stongly recommend this game!10/10"
,Recommended,429570,21434493,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,My sister is trash,10/10 would chop off a bunch of zombies heads then die because I can't do QTEs again.
76561198033646687,Recommended,429570,21451441,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Xnitram,"Well if you have played the Walking dead series by Telltale then you do not want to miss this one either. Its like the the original TWD game but with Michonne and a hole new story. Sooooo the game is, Wait for it............AWESOME. I can't wait for the 2 other episodes that are coming out :)"
,Recommended,429570,21480169,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,djkillz141,The First episode gets straight in with the action which I find great! the game has got funny dialogue and an interesting story. Would definitely recommend this game to others.
,Recommended,429570,21413256,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,KookosPahkina<333221,"Yes, it's pretty much just like the other Telltale Games, which are in my opinion very interesting and addicting, loved it."
,Recommended,429570,21414263,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MitchDawg,"SPOILERS FOR THIS AMAZING GAME INBOUND!I`ve never read the comics (Which i want/NEED to start doing) but I have watched the show and always found Michonne`s character to be 3 things:- Complex- Epic with a sword- and BAD♥♥♥♥♥The previous Walking Dead games were epic. This was no exception. I absolutely loved it from start to finish.(Of course,at this point,I`ve only played episode 1)I`m so looking forward to see how Michonne`s character developed and cannot wait for the next episode! I did encounter a few minor glitches here and there,of course,that may very well just be my pc. If anyone else has encountered any glitches at all please let me know...;)AGAIN,EXCELLENT JOB TELLTALE! ROLL ON EPISODE 2!!Edit: 4/5/16I have finished the game entirely and just want to say. Wow. This introduced me to an entirely new side of Michonne. The final choice although not having much impact was very hard to make,especially if anyone in real life ever finds themselves in that situation. Very Good Characters,brilliant soundtrack,amazing graphics and badass game in general.I am very so looking forward to the third offical installment of Telltale`s walking dead series coming pretty soon (maybe summer?) I`d imagine. Again,Welldone again Telltale,Amazing Game,ROLL ON SEASON 3!Oh and also? it was an amazing game,not a cashgrab.If you didnt like it or couldnt get into it? YOU DIDN`T ♥♥♥♥ING TRY."
76561198046368518,Recommended,429570,21415631,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Macie Jay,"I'm definitely enjoying this game as of episode 1; the game seem way more polished than previous Telltale games, even more so than The Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,429570,21417483,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Squareslug,[Episode 1]Who doesn't love the fact that The Walking Dead is back. Sure it's a spinoff but it's actually entertaining unlike some previous TTG series (it features Michonne!). I did think the episode was a bit too short for being the very first episode though. Perhaps something heftier would have been better but I'll let it slide I guess ... considering it was still a welcome playthrough. Looking forward to more.
,Recommended,429570,21418005,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"This is just for the first episode, and will be spoiler-free.First of all, many people are complaining about the length. I would direct those people to the last word in the title, ""miniseries"". Honestly, based on all the complaints, I had expected a lot less than what I got, and I'm pleased to say I enjoyed my experience. You play the game as Michonne, the popular character from the comics, the television show, and now the game world as well. The game takes place, from what I gather, during a break in the comics where Michonne has a brief disappearence. This game intends to fill in that gap with the backstory presented.Like many who have played and enjoyed the titles in the Walking Dead universe, I was just happy to have something to fill the void before Season 3 releases. That being said, I think I would have appreciated this at ANY length, so I'm a bit biased. I've only played through once, and took my time in doing so, so use my playtime as a reference for how long it is.Now a breakdown.STORY:The story has the pacing of a series trying to get back on its feet, and while that sounds discomforting, it finds footing very quickly. There are quite a few more QTEs (Quick-time events) this time around, and if you're no stranger to telltale games, this will not be surprising to you. Fortunately, these are only for action sequences, and the story is still very much driven by your dialogue options. To that effect, the game does a very good job of presenting a good number of choices for each particular perspective.GAMEPLAY:I found this game to be more heavy on overall action in a single episode than most of the Walking Dead games have had for the entire season. That's a tad hyperbolic, but play the first five minutes, and you'll see what I mean. Michonne is supposed to be a blade-weilding badass, and her portrayal in this game is happily accurate to that point.SOUND:As ALWAYS, the music for each portion of the game is completely appropriate, and does what a good score should, which is enhance the already pulse-pounding dramatic moments in the game with music to equate. From the title screen, to the credit song, the music will never fail to disappoint. As for the dialogue, and sound effects, they are as pristine as I've come to expect from Telltale games. The voice acting features an incredible cast, with each one adding emotion into the scene and keeping the game as gripping as it is.Again, I'm fairly biased (I mean, I still think the Walking Dead S1 game was the 'Adventure' game I've ever played), but I still think this is an incredible addition to an already sterling series."
76561198071736349,Recommended,429570,21419022,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,cVirus,"Telltale does it again! Great first episode, can't wait for the rest!"
,Recommended,429570,21419468,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SuperSaiyanSonic,"Episode One Review - In Too DeepTelltale's The Walking Dead series is back. A nice return after the conclusion of Season Two and gives us something to distract us while we continue to wait for Season 3...The new combo QTE was a nice surprise, even though it only appeared once throughout the episode, hoping more will appear in the next two episodes. The usage of cinematic bars to indicate QTE events is a great and fantastic way to make the game more cinematic. Having said that, there is one thing that bothers me a little bit. When selecting an option to say something, if you pick it while other characters are speaking, it will cut it out completely and go straight to Michonne's line. The previous Walking Dead titles didn't do that, they allowed the other characters to finish their lines. Maybe Telltale will fix that? Maybe?But apart from that, this game is just like the other Walking Dead games; exciting, gorgeous, walkers everywhere, one son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ antagonist and so many choices to make and regret afterwards! Looking forward to Ep 2 & 3. Fans of the Walking Dead and Telltale Games will not be disappointed, highly recommended to buy and play for yourself!8/10 - Me7/10 - IGN9/10 - Steam"
,Recommended,429570,21423905,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,lelslie,"Rating 6/10It is good, but has issues it hangs a lot for 2 to 3 seconds sometimes longer (nothing a patch wouldn't fix), also 1st episode feels very short and your choice's don't matter (what ever you choose you feel story will still go the same way). I hope the next 2 episode are longer with some challenge's as the first had nothing difficult. Why is it good? The story is interesting, they tell it well. The characters do give the game its own personality with a different identity to the other two walking dead games. While managing to give it the same feel and atmosfear, although I don't really care about anyone it apart from michonne yet (because of tv. show i never read the comic thought she had a son not two daughter but it's based on comic so ok..... ). The art again by TT is beautiful and well imo this game doesn't linger on anything for too long.Although they have not used the same actor\actorsthe actor\actors they have used have done a very good job and for me that's a positive, as for character progression?  I will reserve judgment for now as their aint been much yet (can't say why i feel this without spoiler) i will finish my review with a massive negative for the first episode but with a lot of hope on the next 2! I have no desire to play this episode again, but i do recommend it for now! It is a good intro that leaves the entire game hanging on the next 2 episode.  To be continued when the next one comes........."
,Recommended,429570,21433112,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,PandaMaster,"UPDATED FOR EPISODE 2AS OF EPISODE 1The Walking Dead: Michonne is yet another great Telltale Game. It isn't perfect, and isn't the best, but for those who love Telltale like I do, I'm sure you'll enjoy it. NOTE: I have beat it twice to experience both sides (Good/Evil/Alternate).PROS:-More Walking Dead: If you liked The Walking Dead, I guarantee you will like this game. It feels just like the others and is another thrill ride.-Michonne: They freaking nail Michonne. Telltale has done it again, delving deep into the beloved character and keeping her fresh and exciting.-The intro sequence: Just play it. It's fantastic.CONS:-Story: Now what In Too Deep really messed up on was it's antagonists. While retaining some originality, TWD: Michonne steps dangerously close to previous WD plotlines, and I know a lot of people were disappointed. In my opinion, I didn't think it was that bad, but it COULD get worse in future episodes.-Cloud Save: As of 2/24/16, cloud save is not functioning, and won't save progress once the game shuts down.Final Score: 7/10 - GoodAS OF EPISODE 2Episode 2 comes back fierce in a fantastic penultimate episode. Improving upon In Too Deep's flaws, Give No Shelter is a great second part. NOTE: I have beat it twice to experience both sides (Good/Evil/Alternate)PROS:-Michonne: Michonne's character development is absolutely fantastic. Diving more into Michonne's past and her inner feelings is a thrill the entire way through.-Choice Diversity: The further in this game, the more different it gets. You can choose whether multiple people live or die, who comes with you, and all bear different dialogue and changes with them. Your choices legitimately feel yours.-Story: I was completely engaged the entire episode. Unlike the similarities E1 had with S2, this episode manages to hold its own gloriously.-Flashback Scene: More insight on Michonne's past and people she knew. It was great.(Also Cloud Save is fixed. Hooray.)CONS:-Length: This episode is only an hour long. Though I'd like to have more, I'm generally unfazed. You know what they say, quality over quantity.Final Score: 9/10 - Amazing"
,Recommended,429570,21436283,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Snoozie,Killed zombies for an hourHad some storyCool I guess.Buy if bored.
76561198051314564,Recommended,429570,21438754,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dancincoach,"If you like TWDG season 1 and 2, then this game is for you. There is a lot more quick time events than the other games, and it's a little different than before. Telltale stepped it up for this game! I can only imagine what season 3 will be like..."
,Recommended,429570,21440843,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,rowantaylor123,"(NO SPOILERS)Wow. When I first saw that this mini series was coming out I was slightly disapointed it wasnt the full blown season 3 however after playing the first episode it is a nice addition to the Walking Dead game series. The story is different to the previous seasons with Michonne being more of a ""badass"" kind of character, truobled by her past and mistakes she has an extremlly powerful pressence.If you are a harcore fan of the previous season I don't think you'll be disappointed;- Amazing and compeling story- Beautiful art style (the classic Telltale graphics) and great transitions throughout the story- Good characters which make the gameHowever saying this, there are some negatives to this game which I hope they'll improve upon in future episodes1) The options are sometimes limited, when being interregated all you can do is♥♥♥♥♥♥them off and the diagloge options forced you to be hostile to move the story in the way they want you to go. Then again this a common problem with having games like this and in the end its still not a bad way to go.2) The way the dealt with Michonne's past I felt was a bit blunt and wasn't as hard hitting as simiar stories have been in Season 1 and 2 of The Walking Dead"
,Recommended,429570,21445185,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Neypoleon-society.gg,"I love this game it's FUN but on thing is the episode is so shorrt like a snickers bar but meh love the story tho 8.5/10 ,BTW dafuq zombie walk underwater ?? jeez illuminati these day huh."
76561198148019426,Recommended,429570,21445385,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PEPE,"Once again, Telltale Games surprised us with a wonderful game. The music just nice, nice graphics as usual and everything is done just WOW translation into Russian made bad :( I'll tell russkiy.I hochyu first episode !!! made great. And let Telltalegames 2 and 3 episode will takimizhe krutymi.I hope after this game The Walking Dead: Michonne you make The Walking Dead: Season 3 Please please pozhaluysta.Podvedёm up playing music super liked the super game, let's The Walking Dead: Season 3.Bolshoe thank you for your work and games :)"
,Recommended,429570,21958177,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ShowMeTheButter,Eating zombie babies is nice :D
,Recommended,429570,21974117,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ramen Noodles,Really Fun game would suggest for anyone who likes the walking dead
,Recommended,429570,22056483,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Donald J. Trump,8/10
,Recommended,429570,22057507,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,∞ PøtatøDeathFace ౩,Rad Story Rad Graphics Rad Gameplay
,Recommended,429570,21414219,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NastyShoT,"The walking dead season 1 and 2 were awesome, this one is no exception. But hurry up with season 3 already i need some clementine!!!"
76561198070009085,Recommended,429570,21414835,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TeamLovett,First episode delivers....HURRY UP AND BRING ME SEASON 3!
76561198092193185,Recommended,429570,21414902,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Snake Lurkus,The first Episode gave chills down my spine. Very well gameplay. Pretty much what I would expect from any Telltale game. FANTASTIC GAME! PLAY IT!
,Recommended,429570,21415747,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,z1ck,"The story is so good, halfway the story gets really interesting and you have to make a very important choice. 9/10"
76561198200701363,Recommended,429570,21415750,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Realgamerforlife1,If you played Season one and Two you will definitely luv this one this will do for now until season 3 of the original comes out so far i only played like 30mins of it and im already hooked if you watch the tv series i highly recommend you get this.check out my gameplay on it for those who are second guessing about getting it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUgjB211K3Y
76561198005366840,Recommended,429570,21416100,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Reetrider,Once again Telltale manages to create a great experience. Really enjoyed playing this and can't wait for episodes 2 and 3.
,Recommended,429570,21416203,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MANIMAL,Holds up.
,Recommended,429570,21417096,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NOVAx100,"So far in my adventure, this game seems along the lines of the previous Walking Dead TTL games. You can expect updated UI and interactions and of course, a new engaging story. The story seems to be shaping up into something worth-while.The main point is, if you're a fan of the walking dead series then this is just another notch in the belt. Don't wait for sale, buy it now! If you have any doubts however, wait for a discount.I'm enjoying this game and I think you will too :)Check out the into:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6EE2Bh87aUSubscribe to my channel for free games & more."
76561198109637575,Recommended,429570,21417657,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bond007,awesome game awsome music the walking dead and telltale games does it again with awesomness the only down side to this game i find is the saving is slow but aside from that i rest my case on saying game and story awesome4.5 stars just because i find saving slow a bit annoying.
,Recommended,429570,21418759,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,cdcameron9,It's amazing.
,Recommended,429570,21422598,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CaptainJKZS,Great game. Never fail to entertain
76561198005742742,Recommended,429570,21445390,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,idler,Do you enjoy hacking at the undead with a machete? Then this game is for you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrhUkxfk2Zk
76561198128103092,Recommended,429570,21445767,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TNL jackbossie,love this game but the game very short i would like a five episode seriesbut the game lags a little bit and i have an i5 processor
76561197984741047,Recommended,429570,21447887,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[ NVIDIA ] SinsOfVengeance ™,"This is a well present new chapter in the series, though i do miss the walking dead series with kenny and the girl, That was by far really good story, that captervated me well, But this is i know a mini series to try tidy the fans over, but the first episode took me abou an hour to do, it is really short , but really interesting, i like the new characters, bad guys, but like all walking deads, the choices you make never do change the overall outcome, only the fact the people either like you and trust you or hate you, for £10 about its not all bad, fair price, and i dont see the other 2 episodes any longer in size, as this is a mini series, episode 2 is in march, probably around the same time and episode 3 is in april around the same time, i think this is short mainly the fact that telltale games are trying to release to many series at a time in a year , just to make money,  they need to do less to make quality length games, maybe they are becoming like most games companies,  rush out stuff by the dozen just to make money off as many people / fans as possible.Their next game is batman which i really would like , i love the franchise of that, but i hope that the walking dead season 3 is a longer , and more better quality game with choices that really do make a difference. This is a good buy to me, so ignore the other cry babies, and support the companies if you love it, but do make the companies hear what you think and take point."
76561197977749156,Recommended,429570,21451364,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jähmis,"Just love this stuff. Engine works like a charm, and camera movement is really cool. Michonne is a great character, and storyline is very good. The only downside is that after playing the first episode, you'll be itching to get the second one in your hands as soon as possible. Sigh."
76561198213274019,Recommended,429570,21454366,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,richard_cheang,"I don't know if I m too fast in select the choices or I lack of time to choose. Cant even hear the complte dialogue upon selection, I just hate it that way. WD2 is better on that. Overall 9/10."
,Recommended,429570,21651282,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bilger,"This is a great game it's worth every penny and you really should just buy it look at the positive reviews. Don't think just BUY this game the game is free inside no in game purchases from episode 1 through 3, and after that idk but yes buy it."
76561198219472988,Recommended,429570,21715852,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,kvcemon,jaa
,Recommended,429570,21847432,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,strawberryminion,"I liked the TWD S2 game which is why I decided to purchase this as well, and with Michonne being one of my fave characters in the TWD TV Series. This game's opening started strong and enticing with Michonne's struggle and her personal trauma but as the game goes along, it kinda becomes less impressing. I do hope that the upcoming Episodes 2 and 3 will pick up and be more engaging and mysterious as how TWD is presmued to be."
76561198026798103,Recommended,429570,21940587,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,stephanberger4,First episode is a litlle slow but great. (the last half hour is better than the first hour). A little short though (the 1st episode is 1h30).Keep the good work Telltale.
76561198053423949,Recommended,429570,21416169,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,U.S.Ace,"Finished Chapter 1.Easy tutorial like beginning, to get a feel for the controls.Nice cliffhanging ending.Telltale walking Dead series is back with a bloody start!Michonne is an absolute bad*** and glad to see Telltale capitalize on it!"
76561198034818363,Recommended,429570,21423391,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,strahd19th,"Really great game so far. Wish they would have waited until all three episodes were ready to launch at the same time. No need to rush the game. With that being said the first episode was bloody great!! Love the story and the characters were awesome. Next time lets not ""nickle and dime"" with the episode releases ok Telltale? You have a great product but if its not ready to be fully released, your fans would rather wait for the final product. Its not nice to tease people...."
,Recommended,429570,21423752,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,biNngo = D,"AMAZING GAME , I LIKE IT 10/10"
76561198242449456,Recommended,429570,21430212,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,xjulx,"I love this game so freaking much, it is unbelievably good. GREAT JOB, TELLTALE GAMES!Oh, now I have to wait for the other episodes to come out...this was not pART OF THE DEAL"
,Recommended,429570,21431093,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dogs be like woof,7.8/10 - Too much water
76561198046376271,Recommended,429570,21431749,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Naganalf,Kenny would lose his god damned mind
,Recommended,429570,21432357,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,J I H A D I   J O E,Bloody Brilliant.
,Recommended,429570,21434209,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Chip,"EPISODE 1 ""InTooDeep""Pusheen: that's what she said :3THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY EPISODE 1 WAS GREAT I LOVED IT I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!! 10/10 MUST PLAY AGAIN 10/10 F#$2 IGN"
76561198006770245,Recommended,429570,21434886,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MRH112,"A good addition to the franchise, could have been a whole series rather than just 3 episodes, still cant wait for the other two."
76561198067182014,Recommended,429570,21435646,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Fivesyounger,Fantatsic game.Less polished than the previous series but still worth a buy.
,Recommended,429570,21439121,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Stingy Jack,"Press Q and E simulator 2k16.10/10 would press Q and E again.The Swimming Dead? Nope, still walking, but underwater....10/10 would walk underwater again."
,Recommended,429570,21449457,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,charissa1404,"Once again I'm enjoying making terrible mistakes in my choices.Not as Lee, not as Clementine but as the cool Michonne.Tried being her in 2 different ways, she's definately on her best when she's rude!I think that impressed Randall as well."
76561198104341003,Recommended,429570,21476097,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ctarl,"Did not expect it to be THAT short even it is a miniseries but it was ok and interesting story for the first episode. If someone is patient enough, maybe wait for the full pack of episodes for a cheaper price from sales or something. I find 14,99 to be quite alot for this short expierence. 8/10"
,Recommended,429570,21484058,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TehRen,Gorgeous return from TellTale. Looking forward the next episode :)
76561198279868740,Recommended,429570,21736131,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,batboyz100,"Very good quicktime events not reccomended for a begginer on PC but begginier's can play with gamepad,so is very versitial and good for anyone to play but not as enjoyable as season 1 or season2 of walking dead. The story just isn't as good as the other games."
,Recommended,429570,21749296,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BroRival,"Like the game, like the story but it was too short."
,Recommended,429570,21415520,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Fire Punch Gaming,"I'm writing this review for the first episode, and while I do recommend it, I expected more.Yay, we get to play as one of the main characters from the comics... it's a good thing. Just not executed in a good way.Michonne is still a badass and it's nice to delve deeper into her story for people that have read the comics and for people who only have watched the show alike. As most of you know, there is more in the comics than in the TV show, not going into depth about it as the show does just fine as it is. One thing i really can't understand is something that has become a staple of this Telltale series.. they re-use and rehash the same zombie skins over and over and over. I'm quite confident the fine people and artists at Telltale are far more capable than they seem to be. Whether it be time constraints or the fact that they are taking on more series than they can hanlde.... I'm not sure. It's a minor gripe, but it was one of the first things i noticed. Playing the game and I see the same older zombie that we've all killed over and over in the first two Walking Dead games..he's back, along with a few others like the lady who's bottom jaw is gone and has the tongue hanging outThe others aren't as obvious as they seem to put them in the background and out of context. The story so far isn't bad, but it was short(the time in game that probably will show is from me pausing the game, taking a nap, and coming back to finish it. No, the story wasn't boring me, I'm a bit under the weather. This episode was short, and seems way shorter than other episodes in previous games. I pre-ordered the game so I did get it at the discounted price, but damn, throw us a bone here. Don't make the episodes shorter. I mean, we are paying for a product, we are investing in this and i think should get a bit more. So, maybe an hour at the most for this episode and being as it's only 3 episodes you may see quite a few request a refund.. I don't blame them for that. I'm not going to do that. I'll recommend this for what it is and not for what it could be. Take that however you would like.1st Episode Pros:The graphics are still pretty goodThe story so far is okA few new zombies thrown in1st Episode Cons:This episode is shortIt pretty much consisted of one QTE after another.You can't build up a care for the characters when you only have a few very short dialog interactions.Zombies are still re-used. We haven't forgotten what they looked like in the previous games.First Episode Score: 4/10While i still will recommend this, I do it cautiously because the first short episode will leave you wanting way more... and not in that good way we had with Season 1 and Season 2. We shall see when the next two episodes come out if they make up for the lack of time and content in this episode."
76561198065170977,Recommended,429570,21419548,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Majora,"I just finished the first episode and I have to say, that it is a GREAT comeback by Telltale games after the bitter dissapointment of the failed Minecraft: Story Mode which was terrible. I am very excited that the Walking Dead is finally back. I was a little disappointed to see how short episode 1 was, but it doesn't matter to me very much. I'm not even a fan of the show or comic books and I still loved the first episode of this game."
,Recommended,429570,21422703,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Joe Clueless,"Episode was a bit short, finished it in just under 90 minutes, good stuff though."
76561198143959350,Recommended,429570,21451316,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ziggy,It was good for the first hour and a half. Then ...................................................................If i knew it was going to be this short I would have waited for all 3 parts to be released before buying it.
,Recommended,429570,21471723,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Curbi Lannister,Randall piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!Zachary is not randall!!!
,Recommended,429570,21482286,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,deadstorm,it's like the best but i don't see anything from the strip or/of the serrie but for the other things it's realy cool
76561198050168759,Recommended,429570,21579339,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Katyusha,"Great game, but ♥♥♥♥ waiting for all the next epiosdes, way to milk a game, ♥♥♥♥ers."
76561197984478327,Recommended,429570,21653990,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skeptic Gamer,It has potential. Can't go wrong with Walking Dead.
76561198261900559,Recommended,429570,31775224,Posted: 15 May,all,FOXY,"Great game if your a fan of the Telltale series walking dead franchise, I was dissapointed about  how short the gameplay is (3 episodes). Not as good as the previous two but overall i would recommend this game but maybe wait until its on sale like myself, Great little spinoff story of michonne!"
,Recommended,429570,31910771,Posted: 22 May,all,Senator Heffy,"It's alright. The story is rushed, and there isn't the time spent with most of the characters to build up any connection to them, and so a lot of the big choices and emotional notes fall flat. This changes somewhat by the epidsode 3 finale. It's not a bad game, but it doesn't live up to seasons 1 and 2. The Telltale formula is starting to show its age."
76561197993894767,Not Recommended,429570,32049340,Posted: 29 May,all,TrouserChili,"Skip it.  The best part about the game is the intro sequence & song.  From there it disappoints in every category when compared to other Telltale TWD titles.  They use Michonne's kids both as a jumpscare device and for dramatic effect, and it gets to be annoying.  The overall plot is weak and the dialog is weak because of it."
,Not Recommended,429570,21643916,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ariurotl,"Have you ever been in a situation where you have to mediate a squabble between two people you barely know (but vaguely dislike)? That is episode 1 in a nutshell.The only truly likable character in the entire episode is Michonne herself, but mostly because you're already familiar with her, so it's no thanks to the game. Her buddy Pete is okay too, I guess. I mean, he's not exactly well-characterized, but at least he doesn't point a gun at you or lie to your face at any point. That's a rare quality in Michonne's world.As for the rest... I just felt nothing. I know it's just the setup, but everything except for Michonne's inner struggles has been thoroughly unengaging. Here's the rough outline of some of the s**t you have to deal with over the course of the episode:Randall points a gun at me and asks me whether I know Samantha, whom I just met five minutes ago and had another stand-off with. I tell the truth. I just met her, I say. This prompts Samantha to exclaim ""WHAT?!"" with such incredulity, you'd think we had been best friends all our lives. Lovely.After being captured by Randall's people, Samantha tells me Randall is a mass murderer and an all-around scum. Lovely.Later, when I'm interrogated by Randall's sister Norma (who switches between ""nice lady"" and ""ruthless leader"" modes at will), Samantha's little brother Greg is called for cross-examination. He answers each question with a blatant lie. Lovely.Then Greg gets himself accidentally killed by one of Randall's henchmen. The little lying brat is dead. I feel nothing. Why would I feel anything? His shouty b***h of a sister is in tears. I just want to leave. Norma and Randall are somewhere out there, being all menacing and scenery-chewing and potentially mass-murdery. I don't care about any of them. Not even Pete.Even if episodes 2 and 3 shed light on this mess in spectacularly well-plotted manner, I still feel there should've been something more here. More hints, more explanations, more facts. Some reason to pick a side. I like grey morality, I'm a fan of grey morality. But this was just an endless parade of a**holes trying to outa**hole each other. And I was expected to care."
76561198015791164,Not Recommended,429570,21509192,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Immersor,"Within the first 5 minutes of this game, it was unplayable. I was interested, but there were bugs everywhere. Zombies teleporting around screen, QTEs and prompts not showing up, the camera pointing in wierd directions, and so on. I died multiple times simply because the game wouldn't tell me what to do after a zombie that was mauling me would stay invisible or the dot for somewhere I'm supposed to click just doesn't exist.If the bugs get fixed, I'll play more than 11 minutes and give a proper review. But for now, I literally cannot play this."
,Recommended,429570,21413500,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Hannibal [On PS4 Pro 4 som time],"You want more and more from these series..but it is too short like always. But, hey Telltale, you always teach us lesson or two in those precious fragile moments of alternative life!"
76561197993610726,Recommended,429570,22171196,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,"Totally worth 11 bucks! I am a big fan of RPGs and the other walking dead games which were great but their choices all lead to pretty much the same dialouge or things transpring. In TWD: Michonne, choices seem to matter more for short term stuff than they did in previous games; not a lot of stuff in the first game mattered for example because whether u gave someone a gun to kill themself or say no they still wind up killing themself with your gun.. which is pointless to even provide a choices for things like that..riiight?! imo it isOverall I am very impressed, too bad its a miniseries!! To me the game has a better feel than their previous games; the plot, combat and the dialouge options are more immersive and fluid. It is also epic having Michonne at the center of everything! I'd find myself often having no worries for the player character just because its Michonne lol. At first while first starting the game I was skeptical, but once I got fighting zombies as Michonne the game quickly became a 10/10; your gonna have eye candy stuffed down your throat..its amazingThis is the first Walking Dead game I wanted to play through a second time pretty much right after my first save. From the visuals to the voice acting really everything was top notch, this miniseries def has replay value! In my first playthrough, Michonne barely spoke a word to anyone because I wasn't used to clicking the dialouge options lol. I was used to hitting #s 1-4 to select dialouge like in past games. Gave me some incentive to replay so I could go back and intentionally be a Scumbag to people lol!KINDA SPOILER ALERT:Once inawhile this game turns into like a bad trip from Far Cry 3 through flashbacks; it scared me once or twice and just bc of those scenes I hesitated to play through a second time it was so surreal and creepy!!"
,Not Recommended,429570,21513646,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Sparkman121,"As of right now I cannot recommend this game. This may or may not change as the other episodes come out, but here is what is what for now. I'm having a hard time feeling any immersion, don't get me wrong I like the character from the Graphic novel and TV series but that is the problem. This is an established character from The Walking Dead canon, so nothing done in this game matters in shaping the character.  The character is already set,unlike Lee or Clementine who are unique to the TTG Walking Dead Season's 1 and 2.  The some probem that plagues TTG's Game of Thrones, a character who's outlook you cannot change. Later I may change may review on how I feel about the story but for now I have to say thumbs down."
,Recommended,429570,22112874,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Persona!,"BADASSIf you are new to Telltale walking dead games, Please play the others first.IF YOU HAVE PLAYED ALL OF THEM LIKE ME THEN PLAY THIS"
76561198065620611,Not Recommended,429570,21514180,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kaelchan,"Their presentation skills has been improved since the last TWD. But as a story-driven game, it lacks a compelling storyline so far. They tried to introduce the female protagonist but failed at least to someone like me who haven't read the comic book. My suggestion is, wait -- until all 3 episodes are out and check back the review. And I'm pretty sure there will be some kinds of special sales at that time."
76561198070775088,Not Recommended,429570,21512587,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cooper,"Good, but kinda boring. I felt more like I wasn't really in the story, plus it has not even a single refrence to the famous ""Walking Dead"" game series. So unfortantly for Episode 1, thumbs down for me. I hope and pray telltale will make a season 3 of the Walking Dead and only focus on that. *Just my opinion*"
,Not Recommended,429570,21798174,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Clementine,Not that fun and its sad to say with me being a TWDG fan. Save your money and wait for Season 3.
76561198084053705,Recommended,429570,21429266,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,kyle,buy it
76561197968373751,Not Recommended,429570,21501783,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Billious3LF,I've played the other Telltale games and loved them but this is just a button mashing nightmare.  I can't even get past the first scene.  Not a good use of £11. :-(
,Not Recommended,429570,21513734,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Oageoni,"Yeah, well...I do like The Walking Dead a lot. I liked the first Telltale Games' TWD a lot. I liked also the second one pretty much (both played on PS3). 400 Days (PS3), on the other hand, I was very disappointed in with. This installment, however, falls in between 400 days and Season 2. It is not bad by any means, but I would not decribe it as good, either.When I saw this the first time, I was hyped. Michonne is the most badass character in TWD's history, so what could possibly go wrong? Well, something at least.It's shallow. It's damn short. It freaking stutters even when played with high-end PC. And there's something I can't quite put my finger on. It's okay, It is not as 400 Days where you were left thinking ""why on earth did I spend my money on this?"", but it is not like the first TWD where you thought ""damn I need to play more"". It just is ""okay, then"".Should you buy it? If you're a fan who just needs to play all the games, like me, then yes. Otherwise, no."
76561198034324452,Not Recommended,429570,21501863,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,frost,"The game is good, but extremely short - ends in about one and a half hours of a very thorough playthrough. Can't recommend it with a clear concience with that price tag attached."
,Recommended,429570,23717461,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Transactions :yazdguy:,you get to be black!
76561198097942165,Recommended,429570,22307903,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Tigrica,"They were not kidding about mini part when they said this is a ""Mini""+""Series"".I did enjoy it, just felt rather short. As all previous reviewers said....answers really do not matter. It is pre-determined storyline so you can be as hard as much as you like. You just might have different dialog options.Overall recommended. Shame for the lack of story though... 6/10"
,Not Recommended,429570,22146405,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dryan,"Pros: - It´s based of of The Walking Dead Comic Universe...liked the references here and there, but sadly there wasnt enough of thatCons: - Old Overused Engine- Infuriating Storyline, which doesnt allow you to NOT help those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids..you are forced to help them if you like it or not- Episodes are way too short for that price..Ep.2 wasnt even 1 hour long"
,Recommended,429570,21424249,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,BlaNeMistID,"Pros:-Like new Main Menu style and can set your subtitle size.-Great story and great characters-This game was inspired me-Still be able to swapping models-Added Awesome intro and soundtrack for this game-New walkers added (cuz im really bored about the same walkers models)-Boobs now very details xDCons :-I dont like the new graphics, cuz its seems like Tales FT Borderlands graphics.-Cant set resolution with 800x480, its really bad :(-Cant be able to swap with MCSM, TFTB, and GOT models-Using old models for the corps, i thought that corps was Uncle Pete. xD-Bigger size than the others and i hate to waiting for loading.-Trading Cards not added on Steam."
76561198085496288,Recommended,429570,21555953,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Deceased ANT ♪  #FightCancer,It's not Minecraft.
,Recommended,429570,22131322,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ZIGGY5214,A very Good Mini-Series of the Walking Dead Games A Very Intense Gameplay the First 2 Episodes i can't wait what Episode 3 will give us all.
,Not Recommended,429570,22162480,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,юлия ツ,"If you know TWD:TG, you'll be disappointed. Wait for a sale.If you don't know TWD:TG, you should buy S1 and S2 first, cry like a baby and then you'll be disappointed by this series.I try soooo hard to like this game because Telltale, but it simply falls off in comparison to the other seasons of TWD, Borderlands, the wolf among us...I like Michonne and it's quite enjoyable to play. Slaying zombies, seeing stupid people die, .... but it's interchangeable. The characters are flat. The story is straightforward. You forget about it the second you close the game. Not worth more than 5€ up to this point.Unlike seasons 1 & 2, oh lord, my friends and I talked them through for hours. This series is just shallow."
76561198041321951,Not Recommended,429570,22135220,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,BlindCoco,"I played through the first episode offline, and then, when the second episode came by, my save file was deleted. I'm guessing they just deleted and reinstalled the game and took whatever was in the cloud for the update as save files.I'm not too fond of that...The game is fine, but I'll have to get through the first episode again, which does make me reconsider playing through episode 2 before episode 3 comes out.Edit : After playing through the entire game sucessfully, this is still a no. The pacing isn't very good.Other reviews will explain in further detail, but I still wanted to leave this review here."
76561197961955941,Not Recommended,429570,23437152,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,°ToKen | WoMan°,sorry no real review-Unable to play with my prefered controller xbox One elite -- in all other games it works-4k resoluition as bad as it gets..Developer won´t support the customers  .. quick$s ..so no more TT gamesthats it - cheers
,Recommended,429570,28940732,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,Good but not epic like season one or two ...9/10
76561198075938671,Recommended,429570,21425221,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kenan,I really enjoyed the first episode! Can't wait till episode 2.
,Not Recommended,429570,21493963,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bbakc0410,stories are too short i think if you play just 1 hour those all ends...
76561197997060478,Recommended,429570,21422784,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Óðinn,"Recommended to all fans of the TV series, Comics and previous telltale games... As far as I'm aware there is no spoilers within the game that would effect anyone that follows the TV series to date..Pure on edge thriller with strong choices that as always carry big consequences,,,THE WAIT FOR EPISODE 2 BEGINS!"
76561198276873902,Recommended,429570,21428818,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dani,awesome game .. to short tho :( .. we wait for the next episode .. any knew on the release date?
76561198217154015,Recommended,429570,21412623,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,taffenoah,Very good story and left you wanting more at the end.
,Not Recommended,429570,21436030,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Nauj,Controller Support is broken on windows 10 with xbox one controller with wireless adapter. Tried another machine with fresh windows install and had no luck. Planning to return.
,Recommended,429570,22650982,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Lubo,"This game is interesting in more than one sense of the word. In terms of what is good in this game, there is a fair chunk. For starters, the graphics are a step up from past Telltale games which is nice as they are effective and are every comic like. The streamlined U.I is also an improvement from past Telltale games as it detaches you less from the overall experience. Most of the characters in the game are also good and developed well. But to the negatives. During my play through, there was one or two random freezes per episode for about a minute each before unfreezing and going back to normal which was very annoying. The load times are also atrocious, one load time in episode 3 taking around 3 minutes. Finally the story, whilst good, I feel as if it could have being told over 5 episodes rather than 3 as it feels rushed in places and the ending isn't the most satisfying. Despite this, I would still recommend this game if you enjoyed the previous 2 Walking Dead games by Telltale, as it's esentially more of the same and I hope the choices made here feed into season 3  along with  those made in seasons 1 and 2."
,Recommended,429570,22356165,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jirarf,"While this game doesn't quite up to the standard observed in two of my all-time favorite games, the first two TWD seasons, I still had fun mowing down walkers and participating in more TWD style drama and it certainly beats the rather pointless '400 days' DLC for Season 1.Others have pointed out that there is a lack of emotional connection to any of the characters which is a fair call. Unlike the often intense sense of attachment and sympathy we experienced with Lee and Clementine, the connection and character development surrounding Michonne is limited at best and it is hard to feel a great deal for her character unless you are a big fan of the TV series.It has at least been entertaining filler while we eagerly await the much anticipated Season 3!Where I gave both TWD Seasons 1 and 2 a ten out of ten rating (Yes, I enjoyed them both equally), I feel this mini-series is worthy of at least a seven. Waiting for a steam sale might make this game better value for money as it will be quite short (approx 4 hours of gameplay in total).EDIT: The soundtrack is awesome and fits the whole 'Michonne' mood & setting."
,Not Recommended,429570,22309922,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Filthy Weeaboo,"An unfinished game you have to WAIT for the episodes to come out that you paid $15 for for barely any story. This is WAY too short. If it was longer and I was actually doing stuff, getting my fill of the story like Walking Dead Season 1 and 2, then this would be a hell of a lot better. It's okay for what you're actually given, but it's not worth the money. In all I give this a questionable 4/10"
,Recommended,429570,22783754,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jeff Tutorials,Absolutly STUNNING game! Bravo!
76561198235583600,Not Recommended,429570,23885739,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kk,"Buggy, game started with white screennnnnnnnnnnnnn."
,Recommended,429570,22774752,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WithFearWeFall,"Amazing game. Episode 1 was a bit of a slow start, but that's natural whe n introducing a story. Episodes 2 & 3 make up for the slow start, however, with great story telling and plot twists. The finale, which I won't spoil, would make most parents feel the blow. Either way, definetly recommend this game if you're looking for a story driven game, preferrably based around The Walking Dead."
,Recommended,429570,22774516,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jinx,"When I first bought this game it had very negative ratings, but rose to very positive after. And to all those that rate negative I don’t care. It’s a good game. No it isn’t as good as the previous TellTale The Walking Dead series, not by afar and may only be 3 episodes. Doesn’t mean it makes this game poor, definitely no! Takes 3-5 hours to complete. But this game is still an action paced heart worming/breaking experience, especially for those that love the official series. All worth it."
76561198092154097,Recommended,429570,22148509,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Periwinkle,Max Caufield is hiding in Sam's body... Life Is Strange S2 and The Walking Dead S3 confirmed for 2k16.
,Not Recommended,429570,28496419,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,wildnothings,Stupid amount of loading screens. The ending was horrible. Dumbest one yet.
76561198259468541,Not Recommended,429570,26681074,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,A marvellously shaped Penis,"Disappointed, way too short, bad TellTale. Me bought it cheap but still, me not like dry anal, thanks for your understanding."
76561198027331692,Not Recommended,429570,22210490,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cade420,"Story seems decent, inferior to other telltale games though...This cloud saivng feature is aids, it bugs out for me and force closes my game, jesus just let me play."
76561198033326656,Recommended,429570,30689338,Posted: 23 March,all,Rock Rebellion,"It's nowhere as good as the original The Walking Dead series, but for the true fans this game is a must!"
,Not Recommended,429570,21453375,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TheCakeBoi,this game is  buggy cant get  past a bit sword wont  sharpen :(
76561198073604357,Recommended,429570,21566160,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,sethwinchester,Best game ever. Telltales are awesome. Soundtracks are great. I didn't even expect such an excellent result. Thank you so much for your work
76561198044776705,Recommended,429570,21418191,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Pakaganda,Awesome game 9/10
,Recommended,429570,21435731,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Samuel,"Quick summary if you don't want to read a review- it's up to par with the other Walking Dead games, but it's not the best one by any means.Pros:1.) It's Michonne. This is more of a personal bias, but I just absolutely love Michonne as a character in the comics. And they did the character justice. I prefer keeping her silent through the game, as plenty of characters can take her silent gestures as a response. A+.2.) The QTE system is new and improved. While it's really only a minor change, the black bars added to the action sequences help the player prepare for a quick response rather than catching them off guard leading to a cheap death. This doesn't mean the QTEs have gotten easier, though. The direction and button prompts on the screen have definitely gotten more thematic.3.) The action sequences have only gotten more badass. Fitting, since the main character is Michonne, but in the past, TWD's action has been somewhat lame in my opinion. The opening sequence is a glorious use of hallucinations and flashbacks in action, and it actually even develops Michonne's character. Take notes, David Cage!Cons:1.) Some of the new characters' voice acting is somewhat lackluster to say the least. For instance,a character named Greg has the worst zombie voice acting I've heard in a video game. Talk about half-hearted moaning into a mic because you're getting paid minimum wage for such a huge job., and Sam appears to be doing her best Mark Wahlberg from The Happening impression. While Michonne's voice acting is EXACTLY how I envisioned, the other characters' voice acting is still not up to par with some of the supreme voice acting of the previous seasons.2.) The story is weak. Think of every trope you could find in a zombie story, and throw it in. Tyrannical leader with a false dichotomy of morals? Check! Poor, helpless stragglers? Checkerooni. Pointless undeveloped character death? Absolutely check that box. Disappointing for a game from Telltale, the new adventure game pioneers.3.) Lack of any character development, as previously stated. You learn nothing about any of the characters EXCEPT Michonne, which I guess is better but my motivations were solely based on Michonne and how it would be best for her to just get out of the situation and head home. And even the character development for Michonne is somewhat weak, given that the very first choice, while harrowing, is utterly meaningless.In conclusion, I would recommend this to fans of the previous TWD games. However, if you're a new player, go back and play the first two seasons and 400 Days first. It's up to par by TTG's standards, but I had so much more in mind. I suppose we'll have to wait for that ultimate TWD quality until Season 3.6.5/10"
,Recommended,429570,21821998,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RevolverOcelot,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 YOU CAN SLICE ZOMBIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,429570,21412553,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,El_Pollo_Hermano,"Awesome game! Well worth the playthrough, and for £10(not inc. season pass) it is a bargain. As of this time i have only played episode 1 as it is the only one that has been released, but the tone and overwhelming storyark so far has been topnotch. 10/10"
,Recommended,429570,21419356,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,West Corpse Psycho,Dis gun be a good ride.
76561198283191913,Recommended,429570,21412223,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TheOrder66,Seems to be bugs maybe. when I run the walking dead michonne there seems to be a strange noise coming off my pc. But when I run other games its fine. Also it wont let me go full screen???. So I can't play the game until I figure out what the problem is.
,Recommended,429570,21415171,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Tekkhi,"IT'S MORE BACKSTORY FOR MICHONNE, WHATS NOT TO LOVE!?"
,Recommended,429570,21420118,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Synogator,"New story is great , cant wait for next episode!!"
,Recommended,429570,24760199,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DropDeadSniper4,Great Game loved the storyline Would recommend in a heartbeat best Telltale series of all times one of the shorter ones considering it only has 3 episodes in the season but really good a great thriller Telltale Game
76561198152875453,Recommended,429570,22119671,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,davidharvey666,"Look, in the end this is MY opionion. Take it as you will. Michonnes character is one the most underated, mysterious, and HIGHLY ONE OF THE MOST DARKET PORTRAYED characters in the series. Her backstory is very depressing on how she lost her children. Plus, she is one of the not if THE most bad♥♥♥♥♥character with hand-to-hand combat, or in this case, hand-to-sword combat. The controls are differnt for the game, BUT, the menu screen is amazing. I do gripe the other releases cause they were laggy, buggy etc. This is pretty smooth compared to the others.Also, 400 Days was DLC for the 2nd Season. People compare Michonnes to 400 Days , yet 400 Days is hated on by people who claim it was ""unnecesary"" but most of those didnt play it. 400 led the characters later in Season 2.TellTales has been amazing with TWD Series. I love Michonnes cause its just that, its a dark seried character no one will tak seriously. Personally its one of my favorites. Everything is smooth, im use to the other controls, but honestly they are a bit better when it comes to the sword battles. I love it then how TWS S2 did it where most the time the control system would bug out. But I do recommend the series, TellTales changed my life with its game choices. Better then the creators of Beyond 2 Souls tho."
,Not Recommended,429570,30837935,Posted: 30 March,all,midnight640,"Horrible port, no controller support out of the box"
76561198077721570,Recommended,429570,22651942,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Colton147,"**No Spoiler Review**After the release of episode three in the Walking Dead: Michonne, I have found that all three episodes were... Lacking; they aren't as long as the previous Walking Dead games. While I do understand it is more of a spin-off than the main Walking Dead games, I feel like it should have been expanded on much more.Is it worth it? To me, I did enjoy the game, but I find it lacking, as each episode aren't as long as the previous Walking Dead games episodes. It is still worth trying, but if you are expecting a game that you can get much play time on, it may just be a pass for you."
,Recommended,429570,22658655,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Mclovin,the game isnt full screen. its probably good but you cant make the screen bigger. theres minimize and exit. no maximize. anyone know how to fix the problem. its probably a good game but does anyone know how to fix this problem?Okay the top was my old review and i disliked the game but now since i got the problem fixed it's an amazing game but it is pretty short.
76561198042462709,Recommended,429570,22403582,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Bloody Trick,this game is fun but wheres season 3 with clem
,Recommended,429570,22409937,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Finnick`,"Ok, I absolutely love this game.1. Great Soundtrack2.Great characters3. Alot of dramatic Suspense and Dramatic scenes (also shocking scenes)4.Very badass Female Character5.Very lame♥♥♥♥♥Female character6.Story is fantastic"
,Recommended,429570,22777447,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,fr0st,"Excellent game, engaging as heck and really fun to play through. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,429570,22740177,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ray G. Quit,"It was short (3 hours), but good enough for me. The story was ... decent, but not really good as the previous titles, but I give it a passing grade. I would recommend only to those who played other The Walking Dead games and are hungry for the Seasons 3 to come."
,Recommended,429570,24586957,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Fool In A Man's Shoes ✓,"Telltale never disappoints... Delayed development of Season 3 for this masterpiece!With no context at all, from not reading the comics; not knowing who the hell Michonne was in the first place, I wondered why Telltale even made this in the first place... First thoughts we're, thank God it was just a 3 episode mini series.But, after going through the confusing first episode of not knowing was going on before when the game begun; I started tofeelthat bout to be an interesting plot from the amazing storytelling the legends at Telltale are and I was expecting the suspense and feels to roll in in the 2nd and 3rd episode.The reoccurance of Michonne's faint memory of her daughters was pretty werid at first and I was wondering how the story would have any correlation to that, but Telltale really shapes that out pretty well at the end. Choosing to confront with Michonne's daughters one last time was a hard choice in the midst of a burning house; and sadly that cost a life...To this day, I stillfeelthe guilt[/b]~8.5/10[/b]"
,Recommended,429570,22150331,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Fisksmiskaren,"Bit short, but still enjoyable."
76561198213917739,Recommended,429570,25083485,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Popypoplandpop popy,every thing bad♥♥♥♥♥twd 3even more bad♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,429570,24054135,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Andy JWM,Telltale do certainly know how to tell a Walking Dead story. Bring on Season 3.
76561198016762720,Not Recommended,429570,28146335,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rvbicon,"I really don't like the interaction in this game. In the other series it was much better coordinated and more playable. Here it is quite frustrating at times!The game story and graphics are great, no complaints about that, justthe interaction is very disappointing..."
76561198014402194,Not Recommended,429570,27561559,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Really Rad Skateboard,This game wouldnt let me pause buffer to save 15 frames 0/10. ♥♥♥♥ notch
76561198084723427,Recommended,429570,25558898,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,StarNate,only reason i give this one a 9/10 is the god awful cloud saving system.
,Not Recommended,429570,26566578,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,hoi_gr,An interesting and creative story but the length has to be a joke. Not only the linearity doesn't allow you to spend more time with it but there are no options to explore characters further and there are even characters that get introduced and have no role. Michonne's story is touching but doesn't add much to what is knows from the TV show.It was a pleasant 3 hours but not worth €15. Get it on a -60% discount and it might be an OK value for money.
76561198042107085,Not Recommended,429570,26565361,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Prespasca,"This might be a good game or it might not. The reason I don't know is because the vast majority of my playtime on this game has been me trying desperately to get the goddamn thing to work. I don't know if others have had the same experience as me, but on the one occasion I did manage to get about halfway through episode 1 and died, the game failed to reload visuals (I can still hear the game, but not see it). So when I reload, I go to the save menu... oh wait, it won't let me load the game... or rewind to an earlier chapter (the game consistently crashes on this screen). This means if I die, I am required to start the game again from the beginning. No matter what I try, essentially the only function I can get to work on the opening menu is the start new game button.No. Absolutely not. Strangely enough, I've never had this degree of difficulty with any other Telltale game (including the first two walking dead games) but this one adamantly refuses to work. It's a shame, it might have been good, but now I'll never know."
,Recommended,429570,23256042,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Xray_dude,Probably one of the most saddest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,429570,28734336,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RainaMermaid,"Well, this game chewed me up and spit me out. Very satisfying- especially for a miniseries. It REALLY captured PTSD and I find that the show and comics often gloss over it (not always, but often). The show sort of hints at Michonne's origins but this was really good andstill doesn't 100% confirm exactly what happened to her kids/ex (?) husbandjust sort of leaves things open ended.The characters were fantastic, so were the choices. I swear, this series does a better job than the show half the time! Totally worth it if you're a fan of the other games, and you could play it as a shorter, cheaper, stand alone if you want an introduction to these games to decide if you like em or not."
,Recommended,429570,22659052,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,bala lfp heavy,"It is difficult to be moral with the choices in telltale games when the important ones have already been pre-determined for you. However, it is really fun seeing different choices leading to the one important ones. Also, the whole time I played I kept thinking I'm betraying Clementine by controlling another character :(.It was fun playing a different story line but I'm I would much rather play another season involving Clementine. Looking forward to the next one!"
,Not Recommended,429570,28245083,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,OffsideRush,"Really short game (even the episodes are not full length TT episdoes) so it's not worth full price. A decent game to pick up on sale though. Framerate cap issues if playing on fullscreen regardless of your monitor. Seems to be a mixed bag, I had a 40fps cap, other players reported 50fps, 30fps or 25 fps."
,Recommended,429570,22302105,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,rick n mort musical.ly fandom,"1000th review, noice."
,Recommended,429570,28692597,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lloyd00,It follows the footsteps of the previous episodes...Telltale can't miss with this one
,Recommended,429570,23325384,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TPHMVJJF,"Good game but feel like they could have made episodes longer (each one only lasted around an hour) and have added more character progression which allows the audience to connect more with them. Other than that, a good game to play when you have a few hours spare and your a fan of Telltale games."
,Recommended,429570,26579485,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Greg,"Though not as satisfying as The Walking Dead due to its brevity, The Walking Dead: Michonne is another masterful Telltale game with an engrossing story and great characters. It's worth a play whether or not you played the original game. The stories are not related."
76561198047206220,Not Recommended,429570,34990592,Posted: 16 September,all,Meaty Gorak,"so♥♥♥♥♥♥ none of your choices matter at all, and all the characters are just stupid and they always make stupid decisions"
76561198002610713,Recommended,429570,22166078,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Synapze,"There's been a lot of negative reviews for this mini-series but I'm personally loving the storyline, classic Telltale!Role on  episode 3!!"
,Not Recommended,429570,28821763,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Madball,"First off, I want to say this is completely different than the rest of the series, of course. It's a great game still, but Clementine is definitely the original walking dead character as far as the video games go. Still fun.7/10"
,Recommended,429570,21413571,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,tino,bought this cause michonne has dreads just like me.stayed because game is gr811/10 mehh -IGN
76561198115898770,Recommended,429570,21561447,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mik Grimes,i like this game
,Recommended,429570,21856138,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Freak.,"This is amazing so far. the only thing that disapoints me is that you dont get to save a sertain person. not gonna spoil anything. but all in all, a great game so far."
,Recommended,429570,21419274,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ZapMan43110,"If you love The Walking Dead TV series or other Telltale games, this is a must have for your collection.Would purchase 1000x times over. Great Game"
,Recommended,429570,21546631,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Trickster512,"Played the first episode (link to let's play below) and I have to admit this isn't bad. I enjoy the story and you play as Michonne (Hell Yeah!) I cannot complain too much about this game.HOWEVERThe level of choices in this are worse then previous TWD Games. Played through after beating the first episode and did the opposite ""choices"" and had ZERO difference. Same story notifications come up as if to appear that there was a choice but there wasn't. The Next Time on The Walking Dead Michonne was identical also.Overall I do recommend this game as it was a fun experience and as I said you get to play as Michonne, plus who knows maybe the later episodes will have more impactful choiceshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lptmukuz1Pk&list=PLhWb5RkIPo2R14G4EmR7ji8EpzPhxzUQf"
76561198286346526,Recommended,429570,21642660,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,saud___ksa__77,its a good game i loved it and i know that you will love it
,Recommended,429570,21424048,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Technologic,"It's Telltale, enough said."
76561198094545749,Recommended,429570,21433604,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,metroidcell,"I'll be doing an ongoing review as more episodes are released. A little context: I played and really enjoyed TWD1 & TWAU (all on console). I have not seen the tv show or read the comics and TWD2 was my least favorite game. Now onto the review:Episode 1 PROS:The first Episode was really good story-wise. Its about as long as is typical for a TellTale game. If you've enjoyed the previous games, you will most likely enjoy this as well. The controls feel the same (I played with a 360 controller) but this time around they have added a series of buttons that need to be pressed quickly to proceed instead of just the usual one button QTE. Because of this new change, I actually died serveral times but never to the point of getting angry about it.The tension is still there and Michonne is a really cool character. She seems so hardened by life but there are brief moments where she is a bit less so. I have no context for her outside of this game but I'm really liking her so far.Episode 1 CONS:The game ran slightly less than perfect for me but I am running this on my laptop (my desktop is out of commission for the moment) so it could just be that. I have a Win7 i3 with 8gb Ram and the intel integrated graphics. Its not great for gaming by any means but I've played FF6,7, Shovel Knight, Bastion, and Flame in the Flood on this laptop without a hitch. So what issues did I have exactly? I had occasional framerate problems where it would stutter and voices did not match the lips. Nothing game breaking but it did pull me out of the game whenever it happend which was occassionally or less.Verdict:I would recommend Episode 1 but ideally on a better system than my laptop, perferably one with a dedicated graphics card."
76561198187677167,Recommended,429570,21539094,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ShadowKiwi | RustBandit.com,nice game
,Recommended,429570,21539625,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Uncle Kyle,"Living decapitated zombie heads: checkBad guy with a machine gun: checkDumb kids you really wanna stab by the end: checkZombies that might as well walk on water: checkOh yeah, this is a good game"
,Recommended,429570,21576798,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Major Tom,"A+ title, can't wait for the next ep."
,Recommended,429570,21600635,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"Stella opening, this feels like a proper Walking Dead game. Real pumped to see where this story goes.Any fans of TellTale will know what to expect from this game, and it doesn't dissapoint."
,Recommended,429570,21758885,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Zarcyoung,"This is overall a fantastic game, however it would've been exemplary if Danai Gurira was the voice actor for Michonne. Other than that it is a great game for The Walking Dead just like Seasons 1 & 2 were. Hoping for possibly a Negan TTG in the not-so distant future! ;D"
,Recommended,429570,21631020,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Termin8rSmurf,"It's the Walkind Dead. It's Michonne. It's the COMIC BOOK Version!!In the comic book, Michonne disappeared for months. Nobody knew where she went. Now, we find out.It's a great game, once again, by the makers of  Back To The Future: The Game, The Walking Dead Season 1&2, and Game Of Thrones:The Game.Telltale Games are the masters of their trade, and that is telling great stories, and placing you, the player, right in the middle of them. Making you a part of some of the best stories of our time.You need this game, and more or less all of their previous story games in your life."
76561198031159620,Recommended,429570,21755174,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,you ain't much ifyou ain't Dutch,"Great Game/story. I have played the original Walking dead telltale game and this one is just as good (but as you can read much shorter). You never know what the next move will be and you keep guessing about what will happen to you and your companion. as I have read in other reviews people get frustrated about the choices that are made and the response to that choice. I can relate to that.but just to be short, if you like the original story and you're in to Telltale games I recommend this game!have fun!!!"
76561198210898561,Recommended,429570,21869358,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,patrick_aloi,"Game is very good. The story is great, if you love The Walking Dead TV show or comic . youll love this game.Its a point and click or button promt type game but it fits perfectly .Saying that id love to play in this world and lore on and open interactive world.All in all 5/5 Exactly what it says in Description . well written"
76561198160454510,Recommended,429570,21415190,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Thaxton777,"The first episode is amazing, now i have a long hard wait for the next one."
76561198080216449,Recommended,429570,21538111,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mpd_,"I like it so far. Some of the characters are a bit bland and the story is kinda weird, but it's interesting."
76561198166363074,Recommended,429570,21568967,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Shelby_Drew405,TELLTALE GIVE ME WOLF AMONG US SEASON TWO OR GIVE ME DEATH... *clears throat* oh and uh....good job on this miniseries I highly recommend this to people if they like the walking dead.
,Recommended,429570,21956605,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TrashyDrea,This game was great! I felt like i was really there! :) Good Job guys!
,Recommended,429570,21809846,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DAYVIS2NIVERSE GAMING AND REVIEW,"Well, after playing both Seasons of The Walking Dead and enjoying them both, I automatically bought this one, of course. I haven't reached Michonne's bit in the Walking Dead TV show yet, but I understand that something happened to her kids (they probably died, didn't they?). Anyway, I wasn't going to let a trivial thing like a little lack of knowledge stop me from re-entering the world of Telltale Walking Dead. At the time of writing, only Episode 1 has been released, so I will update the review with my opinions of Episode 2 and 3 as they come out.PLOT:Episode 1Michonne has left the group, dealing with regret and loss. Just as her mind strays to the darkest thoughts, a man named Pete rescues her (not the Pete from Season 2, before you ask) and soon she's off on a boat. Unfortunately, when she investigates her nearby area, her and Pete meet some not so nice people...I tried to keep spoilers out of that, but that's pretty much all I can say without ruining it.GAMEPLAYJust like the Seasons, you'll be choosing dialog, pointing and clicking, with quite a few quick time events. I must also say that, like Season 2, you have to click the dialog option, and I really just long for Season 1's ability to select with the 1-4 number keys.GRAPHICSMy ancient computer was a bit laggy, but I sacrificed the anti-aliasing and it was fine.REPLAYABLITYYou'll want to see how different choices play out.CONCLUSIONThat is pretty much it for the moment. Now we wait for more. I haven't had to experience this part of Telltale before, seeing as I was late to Season 1 and 2 and The Wolf Among Us.......How long do we wait between episodes?"
76561198307534109,Recommended,429570,31899969,Posted: 22 May,all,snappyhurdle,MARVELOUS!
,Not Recommended,429570,32650396,Posted: 22 June,all,Bea,"Not a terrible game, but far from good. It had some good moments, but the story is very short and kind of boring. It's a shame, because I like Michonne as a character.Buy in a sale if you're curious, but you won't miss anything if you don't."
76561198112291470,Not Recommended,429570,21415414,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ZED,"Altho many people would praise this game because it is a TT game and titled walking dead,actually it is pretty mediocre.the story line gonna be extramely short,there will only be 3 chapter which lasts around 6 hours.and the story is not much different from the former WK game or The Last of Us--an adult takes a kid surviving in a world of zombies,and of cause there will be some bad human beings too,like a raider leader.so there is not much new to experience about from the view of story.In this game there are more action like what they did in the GOTT game,but i dont think that is what we would be excited about.The recent TT games are pretty disappointing,i wont say this one is too,but it is definitly not as good as the former walking dead games,or any other games produced by TT before December 2, 2014.the story is at the same lvl of the walking dead TV show,more about chopping heads rather than dig into a lvl that is deep enough to thinking about.if you dont have a good book or movie by your hand to kill some time with now,you may consider buying this game,or just re-read one of your good books again.if you are desperately trying to find an art work which can touch deep into your soul,makes you look  the world in a different way,this is not the thing you need."
,Recommended,429570,22682722,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Negan,A riveting miniseries that leaves you wanting MORE!!!9/10
,Not Recommended,429570,21486783,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SmittySnark,"It does not have the depth of the previous, it is good however, just very very short. If this was under $10, I'd not complain as much but come on.I recommend waiting until this hits sale, because right now this is sort of B to the S."
,Recommended,429570,21412341,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mendokusai,"Like it so hard, even if it;s just only 1 ep. for now. I have already learned something about Michonne's story."
,Recommended,429570,21412231,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SuperJBGAMER,Love it so far i  ♥♥♥♥ing hate randell
76561198002549182,Not Recommended,429570,21530049,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gufubu,No 3440x1440 support in 2016 . ♥♥♥♥ this stupid clown fiesta game
,Not Recommended,429570,33130303,Posted: 2 July,all,youze,Naah
,Recommended,429570,22683247,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DropKickingBear,"Cool game, 3 episodes in this telltale. Buy it!"
,Not Recommended,429570,22420066,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,λuzEll,The TT Cloud system id f***ed!Doesn't save the game at all!
76561198142800095,Recommended,429570,22685931,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,pressing qqqqqqqqqqqqe is really fun
76561198068227864,Recommended,429570,21421085,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ジョーカー34,Эпизод 1Прошел ровно за 100 минут!!!Эпизод 2 Прошел ровно за 78 минут Карл!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,429570,21505308,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JorkyTheForky,"Game: The Walking Dead Michonne- Episode 1/3My Overall Rating: 9/10After playing through the first episode of Michonne, all i can say is that i had a blast.In the wake of the epic All Out War series, Michonne realizes she is still haunted by the loss of her two daughters, and goes on a last ditch mission to uncover the mysteries of what happened to them.As a long time fan of The Walking Dead comic book series, I was very happy to finally find out where Michonne was between issues #126 and #139, and that alone made me instantly want to purchase this game.The combat and story blend together quite well, and the end only made me hungry for the next episode. The voice acting was impecable, and characters like Randall and Norma instantly became some of my favorites.My only gripes would be it's relatively short length and slow pacing in the beginning. Other then that, this episode seemed to nail everything.Though I would recommend this to all gamers or watchers of The Walking Dead television series, it is an absolute must play for all comic book readers.9/10"
,Recommended,429570,21412332,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TinocusTheTyrant,Godamnit Sam!!!!good game 8/10 for now.
76561198152979123,Recommended,429570,21445891,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kannabis Konsultti,very good reccomend it
,Recommended,429570,21465775,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kenli,"Love the story, music, and characters. Best price for three episodes.But in some points, i don't like it such as:> Same engine with other Telltale's games, no innovation> Steam Achievements is not challenging at all, just follow the story, no replay valueYou're fans of The Walking Dead?You must play this game, will see more story behind MichonneYou're tired of Telltale Game kinda game?Take a rest for a while"
,Recommended,429570,24055062,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bebop,"It's short, full of feels, a nice tid bit of a filler until the next season of the TV show TWD comes out or the next Telltale's TWD S3 comes out. This has ties to the comics, not the TV show or the current games.Worth buying on sale. Telltale didn't give us much but the quality is still there!"
,Recommended,429570,22683469,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,UselessPussya,Cool! 8/10!
76561197980396644,Recommended,429570,22683734,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Evenstar,A good warmup for season 3 :) Another great game delivered by Telltale.
,Recommended,429570,22656930,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ungabunga,Zombies....Michone....Story by Telltale....What's not to like?
76561197986608088,Recommended,429570,22656599,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,CBK_Warfare.,This is the best walking dead so far keep it up Telltale Game
,Recommended,429570,25825260,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,game is too short to justify buying.oh well guess i cannot complain
76561197982193839,Not Recommended,429570,26324963,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Nowbi,"I do not think this is a game... this is a slow movie with quicktime events to keep the ""player"" awake.The Telltale walking dead games just gets worse and worse with less gameplay and less important ingame choices.Do NOT recommend!"
,Recommended,429570,23092684,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,RudieMcSka,Great game
76561197987148103,Not Recommended,429570,28916381,Posted: 1 January,all,Andro111,Lame story! Much more potential...
76561198121865137,Not Recommended,429570,32990922,Posted: 29 June,all,Spicy Icee,I played it in 4 hours.... There is your money.... A 4 hour game..... So no
76561198044559732,Recommended,429570,22193329,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Qirm,"ARGH:   Why Argh? I tell you why. I just started playing this game. Did Expect alot, but I just keep on crashing crashing crashing. Somethign that sure bothers me. I sure hope it will be fixed soon. Otherwise during the few seconds I was able to play it, it sure looks pretty good, fitting to the other walking dead - games from TTG. So I still keep recomending it, while I try to figure out why it crashes all the time."
,Recommended,429570,22125842,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,⎛ Satan ⎞,Short but really good game in this genre. I recomend this game. 8/10
,Recommended,429570,21493921,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"Love the game, although I wish the story was able to be imported. The dialogue is ""challenging,"" so to speak."
76561198146364410,Recommended,429570,21506424,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,anar0x,"Really cool game with one of my favourite characters on the show, although after 7th achivement the game just crashes, it doesnt show that the episode ended or anything. It just turns off. A bit annoying but I hope that they fix it along with uploading future episodes :)"
,Recommended,429570,21506936,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,daddy,"i'd classify this as a full series because it's ♥♥♥♥ing me physchologically as much as the other walking dead games and it's only the first episode, even though it's only got 3 episodes"
76561198081143053,Recommended,429570,21496417,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mikesepticeye,10/10
76561198059113790,Recommended,429570,21512529,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DaughterOfAthena,"As a big fan of the walking dead games, I loved this game! We get to see a new character, Michonne, and start finding out about what she has gone through since the world changed. While the story is a little slow at parts, I believe this is only because the game must give backstory in order to be interesting. 9/10"
,Recommended,429570,21416714,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Luke,First episode was awesome. Makes me sad that this is only a mini-series.RECOMMEND.
76561198072008740,Recommended,429570,21418252,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SoFloAnthony,"Rick Grimes was ""In Too Deep"" if you know what I mean ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,429570,21419449,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SomeOrangeJuice,Pretty Dank
,Recommended,429570,21430241,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Running in the 90s,Read the comic.
,Recommended,429570,21496971,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cal,"This is nothing compared to season 1 and 2. Characters I just can't get involved with whatsoever and a very plain story, but at least this isn't as bad as minecraft storymode. Plus only because it's a step up from their last game and there's still 2 epis left."
,Recommended,429570,21497370,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dracholy,8.5/10Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,429570,21500646,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cypreval,"iz gud,i r8 7.8/10"
,Recommended,429570,21523456,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Henry,"The Walking Dead: Michonne is a 3 part, rather than 5 part TellTale cinematic adventure, similar to ones available in the The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones and Borderlands universes.The three episodes bring some nice changes to Telltale formula.Pros:++ A more visceral, gritty, and despairing feel of Michonne's story by comparison with the other entries in the Walking Dead series.++ Generally interesting characters. Michonne herself especially is an absolute badass++ The usual painful choices++ Very atmospheric level design and aesthetics++ Extremely cool music and opening credits sequences-- Extremely short; in total the three episodes provide only 4-5 hours of play.-- As usual the impact of the choices available seems limited, affecting mainly the dialogue and some of the acting in the scenes. Michonne's adventure could also have been a film.-- On occasion the dialogues and choices seem a little construed. You rarely have the option of simply being level headed and telling the whole truth; the game forcibly pushes you into grey areas.Nevertheless, this game gets a recommendation from me overall. I do wish it was a five part series for the price though. This is not merely a quibble about value for money, but rather a lament that you do not really feel the journey in this one. It's between the DLC and the full seasons of TWD and the emotional involvement is not similar to either format really."
,Recommended,429570,21416588,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,FlamingHotHetro,"Amazing story so far, had me more intrigued then season two of the walking dead could ever do. One complaint needs more boy x boy action :3"
,Recommended,429570,21419628,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sodafluffy,8/10 :)
76561197996972957,Recommended,429570,21444000,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,sir Evans,"A couple of poor moments, but we get to play Michonne.Combats get slightly more interactive than in previous games, which is a good thing, storyline however feels a little less exciting than in Season 2.Camera sometimes plays tricks and turns to block out the view on an interesting objects.Short episodes.Recommended, although not quite sure that it is worth its current asking price."
,Recommended,429570,22131145,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Greg Day,"Poussey from OITNB broke out of prison and has Vietnam flashbacks while on acid and kills things, bootleg Lee and questionable ethnicity Max Caulfield follow on her quest."
,Recommended,429570,22744434,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,豊饒の海,Why did love put a gun in my hand
,Recommended,429570,21412220,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Killuminati ∆,I love The walking Dead!﻿ Amazing Game!
,Recommended,429570,21429390,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ange1walk.[E&A] ❤,A Telltale Game - What do you expect?11/10Amazing Story would play 100 Episodes
,Not Recommended,429570,26300942,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,"Randoms J, Alexander",I tried to kill myself on the first 10 minutes of gameplaythe game just dont let me do it :c0/10 I will pull the trigger again
,Recommended,429570,21416522,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TNovix,"Wow, just wow. This series doesn't really set itself further than the original Walking Dead games but its still a pretty awesome game. The attacks Michonne presents are well spot on and makes her just as more of a badass than she already is, the story still needs some work but I believe that it will get better. The first episode was pretty good, chapters went by fast which I had a problem with but in those short chapters alot of stuff happened that just got me more and more pumped up for what was going to happen next. Took me a little more than an hour to finish the first episode but it still had jam-packed action. Can't wait for the next 2 episodes.An updated review will come when those episodes are released. Futhermore, I extremely recommend this game!*Updated Section*Episode 2 was very intense and it actually showed what The Walking Dead is all about. I liked the fact that Michonne used the walkers to get through the hoard in the woods aswell as finding shelter. The relationship Michonne has been building with characters over the small period of time is growing stronger and that's what she needs to survive. Episode 2 left off with somewhat of a big cliffhanger. Norma is coming and she will do some damage the Michonnes group that she came across over this episode.As I said before, I extremely recommend this game!*Final Update*Episode 3 was a very unexpected episode, a few deaths followed by some heart break, but none the less, it was a very good episode. Probably the best out of the 3 episodes. I hope to see the Katana Queen return at some point in The Walking Dead series.Like I said in my two recent reviews, I recommend getting this game. You won't regret the money you spend"
76561198196773614,Recommended,429570,21487810,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Will Davis,"Another masterpiece from Telltale. They perfectly captured the feel and atmosphere of the comic and show, staying true to the character without trying to change canon. Be prepared for a lot of quicktime events though. The game wastes no time dropping you into a huge mess of zombies to deal with. Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,429570,21412782,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ｃold • Ｒain,"Michonne Was Cute, Her Machete Skills Make Her A Strong Independant Woman, She Wears A Headband. 10/10 Best Waifu."
76561198027844055,Not Recommended,429570,33525042,Posted: 13 July,all,fullofammo,telltale is losing their touch
76561198111424383,Not Recommended,429570,28918498,Posted: 1 January,all,Admiral Allahu Akbar,Pretty trash tier. Only get ones with Clementine.
,Recommended,429570,25940139,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ruthlism,Completed 10/09/2016.
76561198020085437,Recommended,429570,21446992,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Nokzen,Very nice as always from Telltale.Loving it so far.https://youtu.be/m32tWYyBgwA
,Recommended,429570,21679438,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,For myt full review please vist:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Rq0jnAyAkf1zjDhP60ARAAnd watch my video!
76561198232753592,Recommended,429570,21516009,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dipper Pines,PuppyMonkeyBaby
,Not Recommended,429570,22133882,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheSilentShot,is it just me or this game makes you lag hard like even if graphics are at its lowest
76561198192382033,Recommended,429570,26238509,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,KiFe ^4Mr. ^8Frosty,Blood. Guts. Blood. More blood. The sword. Blood. Heads. Blood. Heads. The sword....10/10 would behead again
76561198264918322,Recommended,429570,26201355,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Winnizka Project,good m8
,Recommended,429570,30659016,Posted: 21 March,all,FreeMan,Absolutely brilliant. Telltale never fails to deliver.
,Not Recommended,429570,23680692,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Frosty,Was not really thought was telltale was going for but got to give them some credit for trying something new but i personally did not like this one
,Recommended,429570,21412710,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Silenced,"*ONLY THE FIRST EPISODE, CURRENTLY, IS AVAILABE AS OF THIS REVIEW""amazing, more ""dynamic"" more action, while giving you a (not whole new) beefed up dialogue system, if people think you are lying, they get mad, ANYWAY amazing fun has action has a good story (so far) and gives a sense of... hmm adventuremuch like season 2 and the last episodes of season 18/10-1 you get REALLY punished if you pick the wrong QTE/choice/diaglogue option, wish there was a way to reset a option-1 it really is a shame that its a mini series, it adds so much new, shame its only 3 episodes"
,Recommended,429570,21416447,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,great
76561198155772415,Not Recommended,429570,28303415,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zaphix,"WOW WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, I LEGIT BEAT IT IN THREE HOURS!!!!!!!!!!!! IF I BEAT 30 MIN EARLIER I COULD HAVE JUST ♥♥♥♥ING RE FUNDED THE♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING DESPERATE GAME TO COME OUT WITH!!!!!!!! THIS MICHONNE CHARACTER IS♥♥♥♥♥♥COMPARED TO TV SHOW AND MY GOD I CANT BELIEVE I WASTED MONEY ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,429570,21450722,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"Oh boy, The Walking Dead: Michonne Mini Series is finally out!I'm gonna have so much fun playing it at least 2 times over from start to finish,because the save files will most undoubtedly just disappearso that I have to re-do everything, oh boy.It is absolutely mind boggling how TT games continue to have this issue,I had just finished up the first episode( cloud save on ),restarted the game after the credits to check my choices,because I accidentally skipped it the first time.Save file lost.Oh that's alright I'll just redo EVERYTHING.This isn't the first TT game to have this issueand there are lot of other people suffering from corrupted savefiles, not just me.I was initially going to recommend this game,but an unfortunate experience like this has left me quite angry and frustrated.It doesn't help that the characters especially the main character,Michonne were way too bland and uninterestingto keep me interested enough to play through the same episode again.FIX YOUR SHET TELLTALE.Also, here's something I found really bizarre when started to think about it,so have you noticed that we've only had African American main characters?Season 1, LeeBLACKSeason 2, ClementineBLACKKISHNow this.. Michonne who of course is BLACK as well.I'm not accusing Telltale of anything but to me it looks like they're just a bunch of cucks. Jk.Well kinda, I mean I love TT Games but there's something real shady about that.Like, where are all the asians? We've had like 1 or 2 asians during the whole series.I SMELL BIAS.Now, to move on to the actual game itself.The Walking Dead: Michonne is lot more action packed and fast pacedthan previous TWD games.Characters are all pretty predictable and bland, as mentioned before.Outcomes are also pretty predictable and I feel like especiallythe villains are something we've already seen in previous seasons.There's barely any choice making at all which is a downside, obviously.I also felt like whatever I said in this game, was meaningless and pointless..As the character you speak with,just ignores what you say and goes onto a different subject most of the time.This is the first time I've ever felt this way while playing a Telltale Game.It's not very motivating or thrilling to see your words have no meaning,it's like the side characters aren't even listening to what you say.BUT MY GOD WAS THAT OPENING SONG AWESOME,GOT ME ALL HYPED UP.I have to say that the action aspect of this episodewas really superb even if it is JUST quick time events.It's also a huge improvement animation and framerate wise compared to previous Telltale titles.Overall I'm just really annoyed by the technical issues,bored to death by the dull characters andleft unsatisfied with the amount of choice making there was.I really want to recommend this,because Telltale Games is one of my favourite companies within the gaming industry but I can't.Not yet at least, maybe the upcoming episodes will be bit betterand introduce some more exciting characters.I rate :5.00 / 10.00"
,Recommended,429570,21487275,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PCdudeserver,"So, I just finished the first chapter and it seems my choices aren't really going to matter like always in Telltale ""games"" but it has enough debth to make me like it like most Telltale games, and out of all the telltale games not one has failed to impress me, well aside from SEASON 2."
,Not Recommended,429570,28442278,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sp00ky steven yuen,Why isnt lee in this??
76561197997808371,Not Recommended,429570,21416430,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,doradus,I honestly don't know why I keep playing telltale games.  Still better than BTTF was.
,Not Recommended,429570,26166082,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,sucks
,Not Recommended,429570,21414013,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TinaONPC™,too short... not enough content.
,Recommended,429570,21411496,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bloody osiris,the last time i was this early carl still had both eyes... oh wait... spoilers
,Recommended,429570,21410299,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Abraham Carreola,"I know what I do when I say ""buy it now!"""
,Recommended,429570,21410452,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PFC Bengtsson [29ID],Lee gets resurrected10/10
76561198116401601,Recommended,429570,22478494,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,steffie_12,"So far, this in an OK game. The graphics still have that brilliant comic book feel and Michonne is played really well. Unfortunately the best that can be said is that it's good, but it hasn't really made a lasting impression, unlike the previous Telltale Walking Dead games. Episode one was lackluster, whereas episode two picked up the pace and was more enjoyable, but both still felt rather short. It actually feels like there were more consequences for the choices made in the 400 Days DLC than in Michonne as a stand alone mini-series.All in all, I'd recommend it if you're a fan of Walking Dead and miss the style of gameplay, but I really wouldn't expect much, just a way to kill a couple of hours. I'm still hoping that episode three will pull out all the stops and end with the emotional impact that seems to be a staple of these games."
76561198065516991,Recommended,429570,22430331,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SpongeBoB,"This game is almost as good as previous ones. Almost. Still recomend it though.Pros:-good as the other walking dead games-artistic graphics (depends on tastes but I like it)-story is quite interesting-more fighting sequences-good voice-actingCons:-shorter episodes (I don't mean quantity, I am reffering to length of an episode)-QTE's are way to easy and you barerly even use mouse, somthing that you did alot in previous titles-sometimes you can't perform a QTE (sth with Input)-annoying, uninteresting backstory of our protagonist and her ghost daughters do nothing for the plot-choices don't matter as alwyas (TTG)"
76561198045443200,Not Recommended,429570,21563637,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Wolfgirl of Awoo~,"First of all, there's no tension. Michonne is a surviving character in the TV series and isn't going to have anything to bad happen to her by the end. Second, its a miniseries and so, there's almost no big difference to the endings, even by the end of episode 2, except who's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with you and who's dead by this point. Also, I felt like my choices had literaly no effect on the story at all. Everything happened pretty much the same, with everyone making decisions for me. I continue to play this simply out of habit and because i enjoyed the previous seasons. If you want a worthwhile experience that actually gives you control, then wait for season 3. This one doesn't have much going on."
,Recommended,429570,22217250,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Vexark,"This being one of my first reviews, it's not going to be anything too impressive or well, detailed.I saw how many people were giving it negative attention and had to give my own opinion as someone that really loves TWD games. Yes the game is relatively short, where as in the other games at some point you will be walking around one area and speaking with your group, in this one, you dont. There's no talking/interacting to be done apart from the in-action scenes. (which is basically a lot of the time...literally)Without any spoilers, i would say the game does lack emotional feelings in the sense you don't feel any connection to any of the other characters, I liked pete (not so much a spoiler, really...) I felt somewhat like i had to care about him. But that's about as far as the cares stretched, the first part of the game for instance, well...talk about throwing someone under a bus, honesty is hard to prove, if you know what i mean. But still, without comparing it to the other titles I did enjoy this for what it is, it does however feel like a filler though.Action scenes are more or less every 2 seconds, lots of Q's and E's, lots of pressing the movement keys and derping. It's more like a quick time event game rather than the usual choice game. By that i mean, there's few dialogue options and a crap ton of ""press Q!"" and if you don't do it in time...well, retry?That being said, it's not a bad game, what have I learned from this experience so far?1, Don't dance with anyone in an end of the world scenario and if you do, never stop dancing.2, Peaches are great!3, Chopping up zombies like infected sushi is fun!4, Ghosts are scary even when you're at risk of having your face bitten off!5, You see that person right there? Nope, they're dead, no really...give it a few seconds...6,  I'm 99% sure Michonne is connected with Umbrella...Seriously, this woman and Alice, nuff said."
76561198025678788,Not Recommended,429570,22219461,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kIKCER,Good game if you liked the other TWD games of TellTale.But ............... it's to damn short. 1h for ep1 also 1h for ep2.
,Recommended,429570,22267336,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jyn,Strong replay value; even after only the first episode I replayed for all possible outcomes to lead me into the next episode in which I'll likely do the same.
76561198170031682,Recommended,429570,22237988,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bolli,"Long story short: ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Basically a miniseries to the Walking Dead franchise. Much shorter than the original two games, but makes up for it with the fun-packed adventure in it. As I said, it's a miniseries so you can't expect it to be that long."
76561197994422621,Not Recommended,429570,22260998,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,tjordan2,"I had the game for less then a week, had to get a refund because of locking up issues. The original WD played great when it was released but went to reinstall it for the wife and it wont even launch now. The good news is Tell Tales GOT does work and is a good companion game for the HBO show."
,Recommended,429570,22518467,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,AnthonTheAtom,It's good to learn about Michone past. Always interested to know more about her past from the Tv series.But one thing is the game is just too short. I hope the story could be longer and more action scene!
76561198257146779,Recommended,429570,24165324,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,§hittyPasta,"Although this game is good it didnt get me as much as Season 1 and 2. Frist of all its VERY SHORT 4 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS IT TOOK ME TO BEAT THIS GAME. Very pricey for the length get it if a harcore fan (like me) or get it on sale. Love michonne though and it had good story and fun experience. As a fan of the Tv show, comics, and games, i can recommend this game if you follow my tips.9/10 for the length and price"
76561197975247124,Recommended,429570,24214422,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Evilgoattea,"So this is a short game, only 3 episodes clocking in for me at just 3 hours, but it was a powerful 3 hours.  I believe that fans of the comic series will have more of a connection to this game than just fans of the TV series, but regardless of how you enjoy The Walking Dead if you like graphical adventures with qt events then Telltale games do not dissappoint.The art, both model and environment are great, the voice acting is great.  These games have a way of bringing out a lot of emotion.Bottom line, if you like Telltale games, or The Walking Dead, or both you should really play this little gem."
,Recommended,429570,24221765,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mad_Dog_Mac,"This is hard to recommend at the price it sells (currently £10.99) after completing my first run through the story in just over 3 and a half hours of play time.I felt hopeless to save anyone, and for me that's ok because in the land of The Walking Dead, life is hopeless sometimes.Deaths seemed unavoidable, and sometimes shockingly quick and out of the blue. :O But yet I still felt that my choices  meant something and enjoyed the dialogue and characters.There doesn't seem to be as many life or death choices between characters  as The Walking Dead Game Seasons 1 and 2 but it still has that same deeply compelling story that has you fearing for the characters safety and really makes you feel for Michonne.Being a big fan of the comics and having this link in with those was nice, accounting for Michonne's absence between issues #126 and #139. So for fans this is very cool.One thing that got to me was nearer the end when I would say something to a character and it would notify ""he will remember that"" I couldn't help thinking ""No he won't"" as being a miniseries it doesn't seem likely there will be any continuation of this, unless they do a sequel or some way link choices from this in to Walking Dead Season 3.To summarise: The game is great. Great story, characters and although it does sort of seem set who dies (not certain),I enjoyed the interaction with characters and deciding how the story developed.It's really short and if you're not the type of person that replays these to see other outcomes then you may feel a little ripped off, as 100% on achievements are awarded by just completing each chapter.I will definitely replay this to try things from a different angle and I'm sure will enjoy it just as much if not more the second time. (Must remember to make the most of my time with some characters and others maybe just finish them off earlier)90/100It's a miniseries. Don't expect it to be a full season like 1 or 2. Grab it on sale if possible.  Play it a couple of times to get your money's worth. Read the comic! Enjoy!"
76561198087191789,Recommended,429570,24220292,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Just A Politoed,"Bad Things: *You play as Michonne* The controls arent the best, the mouse is hard to control, you easily loose chances of shooting someone. When you´re talking to someone, you cant select any option with the keyboard, that would give us more time to think.*Not enough walkers.Good things: *LOTS of moments full of action.*Like every TT TWD game, nice story, filled with emotions, and heartbreaking moments. Although at the end it can get really dense and repetitive.I really think its a good game, but there´s still a lot of things to improve."
,Recommended,429570,24130907,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Alligator77,"Woohooo! Yet another great telltale game! I've always been more of a fan from the game, but because of this I'll probably check the comics/movies out, but that aside, time to talk whats new, I love the new combat system, the controls flow well, and with each game, the combat has been getting more interactive, to start with, it was  mostly just clicking accopanied by QEQE, In the second game they added the need to press certain keys (wsad) while in combat, while still having clicking and QEQE, this latest installment brings a lot more, know, along with every previously mentioned, they have combos with QEQE,      there is also a lot need for pressing other keys (wsad), I can't wait to see The Walking Dead 3 and see what new mechanics they bring, and how they will work with the combat system as well as their new engine. Whether you are a fan of the telltale Walking Dead Games, or the Comic/Movies, I highly reccomend this for all. And on a side note, this fills in a big gap for the Comic/Movies."
,Recommended,429570,24015292,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,"Thor, Hammer God","Pros:-Michonne is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.-Likeable characters.-Norma is a great villain, the climax is excellent.-Best action sequences Telltale has ever done imo.-As always, you get a bunch of achievements for finishing the game.Cons:-Only 3 episodes which equals about a 4 hour main story, probably can be streched to 8-12 if you like to play around and figure out how each choice impacts the story.-Kinda pricey.-Experienced like two minor moments where the character models glitched out, but nothing that ruined the game.-Sometimes long loading screen.Personal Opinion:If you really dig this genre of games, definitely buy it, especially when on sale."
76561198061200283,Recommended,429570,24285008,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,cage8,"GREAT game!If you like Walking Dead season 1 and 2, you'll probably like this game as well.It's different from season 1 and 2 in a few ways:GOOD STUFF- Faster paced and ""tighter""- Shorter. The story doesn't get boring for stretches.NOT SO GOOD STUFF- While the lead character's personal backstory is well done and quite engaging, the character in and off herself isn't really that interesting. The voice and animated expressions seem a bit bored/boring... but that's just in COMPARISON with season 1 and 2.As a game, objectively, this one is really great if you like interactive stories!"
,Recommended,429570,24323142,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Castiel,Insane 10/10
,Not Recommended,429570,30823727,Posted: 29 March,all,ノア,"THIS GAME IS SO ****** ANNOYING!First i need mention that I liked it at first. Teltale games are usually very slow paced, Michonnes journey however plays a bit more fluent and has more action then the previous Walking Dead games.But then....IT`S UNPLAYABLE.Error 1: When I almost finished Chapter 2 i had to leave and quit the game, when i wanted to continue it wouldn`t let me. Despite all my choice statistic was there it kept telling me  i didn`t even finisch chapter 1 and it will be generated for me. No matter if i loaded the local svegames or the cloud saves.......so that was the first error.Error 2: During my second playthrough of chapter 2, the game did not trigger the phonecall Michonne supposed to receive. This worked the first time but not the  2nd time. I replayed the section twice and both times, nothing.Erorr 3: CrashesError 4: Since I never been able to complete chapter 3, I decided to let the game generate choices and I finally complete the game.....but no, the screen freezes every time I try that. And so I gave up. And I will request a refund."
76561198012310242,Recommended,429570,24444793,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TinMan,"Great story, If you enjoyed the comics this is right up your alley, it fills in what Michonne did while she was away from Rick and the main group, action, intrigue, and drama what more could a TWD fan ask for?"
,Recommended,429570,24437290,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,MarcusG,"Spoiler-free review.""TWD: Michonne"" has left me a bit torn. Even though I enjoyed playing it somewhat, it's a tough game to recommend.As with the previous entries to the series by Telltale, you advance through the story mostly by making dialogue choices and beating quick time events. It's a tried and true formula,ifyou don't mind the lack of actual puzzles to solve.On the plus side you get to play Michonne! As far as I can tell (and I don't know the comics), the game tries hard and pretty much succeeds to do the character justice. The writing in general is superb - as you'd expect from a Telltale game. There is the occasional light-hearted moment and - of course - a lot of drama, tension and violence. The other characters are strong, too, with mostly believable motivation.Unfortunately, the game gives you very little reason to care about them! The story simply moves too fast, constantly pushing you forward. There is basically no breathing-space, no time to rest and get to know the other characters. Even if you tried to go slow, you'd probably still finish the games in under 4 hrs.Then there's Michonne's guilt-trip: Much of the game revolves around her coming to terms with the past. But what starts out rather compelling, becomes a bit contrived and annoying by the end, her flashbacks turning up too frequently (and of course at the most inconvenient of times).The bottom line:""The Walking Dead: Michonne"" is a decent game, but too rushed for it's own good. I'd still recommend playing it, but only if you're a fan of the series and able to get it at a discount."
,Recommended,429570,24472230,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"This is a much shorter game than the previous Walking Dead seasons. The story didn't interest me much until episode three, but even then, I wasn't as emotionally connected to the characters; there's no Clementine-like love here. Also, this game was difficult for me with my disability - tons of button-mashing sequences, which I needed outside help with most of the time.That said, if you don't have trouble with keyboard use, and don't mind a shorter version of TWD Telltale game, this is a nice filler until Season 3 comes out. So, not a total thumbs up, but it's halfway decent. Michonne is awesome, and her voice actor is spot on."
,Not Recommended,429570,21412836,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,1simplenickname,"When I saw Telltale's announcement that they're making a new spin-off from The Walking Dead franchise I was getting super excited for it as I am a huge fan of the first two seasons of The Walking Dead games by Telltale, as well as a fan of the TV series and a reader of the graphic novels by Robert Kirkman, I even pre-ordered the game the day it became available for preorder.Oh god, do I regret that day.It's not like the game lacks graphically or the story is lackluster (which it kinda is). It's just that the game is a mini-series, consisting of 3 episodes, which sounds fine because from a company like Telltale you'd expect each and every episode to be an amazing emotional thrillride taking up to 2.5 hours just to complete a single episode. But the thing with this game is that the whole season is AS LONG AS A SINGLE EPISODE.Whenever I watched a video review stating that a 60 dollar game can be completed in 4 hours I felt the rage of the reviewer myself because if I ever bought any game, no matter the price, I would feel outraged by the game and my stupid decision to buy the game.This game was a stupid decision."
,Not Recommended,429570,30824519,Posted: 29 March,all,BabyRabbi,"Shame that the rest of the series is so great, this game is a tragedy. Buggy, slow, frame rate drops, audio and visual bugs everywhere, incredibly short and very little plot. (This is 3 episodes, normally the games are 5. It usually takes me around 16 hours to explore the entirety of the games; doing everything I could I beat this game in less than 4 hours). Micchone is a great character, in the show and comics, but this just makes her seem like a boring and generic character, and the supporting characters don't make it any better. I was not excited at all for the finale or any of the endings of the episodes. ONLY buy this if its on sale for 3.75$ (Which it is a lot now with how poorly it sold). Telltale should be focusing on making their major games bigger and better, and not waste their time and resources on a small, crappy side project like this."
76561198049742200,Recommended,429570,23938728,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The_Frenzy,Stop reading the reviews and buy this game.
,Not Recommended,429570,23490049,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,deanpalmer200165,"Hated the game compared to the first two Walking Dead games, maybe if I had played the game more it may have been a different story, but those QTE's have a tendancy to ruin games of which this is plagued with them [Excuse the Pun], you press Q then all of a sudden it wants you to press down as well as E at the same time, then Q again. I may not have the fastest of fingers but I would like a chance at least.So sorry TTG you ruined this one..."
76561198005920534,Recommended,429570,23540619,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ghostly909,"It's not as immersive as the Clementine games for wanting more,but that said, as a fan of the walking dead i thought it was OK,The downer in the story was that it only covered a certain part of the story.Telltale should have taken the chance to show Michonne from the outbreak start.That said,its good to here that the Clementine story will continue later in the year."
,Recommended,429570,23376562,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,whenstorytellersplaygames,"The Walking Dead: Michonneis yet another great job by telltale games. This is a short series based on the comic book: Michonne. Can't compare this game to The Walking Dead 1 & 2, it's a stand alone filler short story. The story is slightly slightly haunting, and your morals are being questioned. If you are itching for The Walking Dead 3, play this!"
76561198089174517,Recommended,429570,23377972,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MacO'Swag,"Overall I reccomend this game as despite it's problems, I enjoyed it.Pros-Wonderfull soundtrack.-Fairly good story, with good pacing and characters I liked.-well written dialouge.Cons-Choices don't matter enough which, whilst I understand because of the comics there was a set ending, made me feel less like I was playing a game and more an interactive film.-Lost the exploration and detailed environments that I enjoyed in the first game.-Too many cutscenes with only quick time events to break them up.-At times controling characters with a keyboard was unnatural and ""jittery""Overall whilst it has flaws, I did enjoy playing the game, I would prfer more season one style gameplay though."
76561197963828638,Recommended,429570,23400918,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,madsession,"I dont get why many give this a negative review. I liked the story, sure I dont like the flashbacks and it would have been better without it. And I wish maybe it was 1-2 more episodes. But overall I found it playable and I liked it."
76561198062922439,Recommended,429570,24389229,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,I reccomend this game only if your are a fan of the walking dead series and have already played the other Telltale games. This game is much shorter and doesn't build so much emotion as the others. But it does give some nice background on Michonne's history.Buy it on sales.
76561198064860238,Not Recommended,429570,24448249,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Pigninja,"I like this game, so far. except evertime i leave an episode without finishing it i cant pick continue. So i had to replay the episode, but then after being almost done the episode it crashed. Restarting the episode made me lose all the data again so now i need to play it AGAIN in order to reach the end and start episode 3"
,Recommended,429570,24502030,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mothoween,The story is short. It takes about 3 hours to get through all three episodes.Some of the characters are bland and add nothing to the story.The game occaisionally freezes and glitches.But I'm reccomending this anyways straight up because Michonne is a badass.It was absolute fun to slice up walkers and tear them apart instead of running away or having to do a two minute fighting sequence just to take out one walker. It's super satisfying to just slice off their heads in a single stroke instead of watching a character like Clementine struggle to kill just one walker (which I hope isn't the case in Season 3)
,Recommended,429570,24646377,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kreature56,"I really enjoyed this game. I liked and hated that it was so short. I liked that it was short because its not overwhelming to replay, but I thought it wasnt worth the price and the content was lacking.I did like this game and will play it again but if you havent bought it yet, id wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,429570,24627610,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BMM,Ignore my hours on record played this game in offline mode when i had no internet so it didn't count the first several hours of me playing the game. But with that being said it is a pretty short game if you enjoyed the first two walking dead games then go ahead and buy this but be warned it is REALLY SHORT with only 3 episodes rather then 5 in my opinion this isnt worth buying unless it's on discount which is what i did. Other then that its more walking dead and i love the walking dead games :D
76561198119610173,Recommended,429570,24550581,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ash,"Amazing story and graphics. Yeah, it's a shorter game, but still worth it. You don't have to read the comics or watch the show to enjoy. It has great, realistic characters and interesting choices. Definitely get it if you're interested!"
,Recommended,429570,24528771,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,retsmot,"feels good to be playing a badass character, coming from clementine in s2.definitely recommended if you like twd and telltale series. get it on sale.one minor gripe was the hallucination scenes, they were annoying as hell."
,Recommended,429570,24393874,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Denocan,"+The Walking dead.+Learn some background info about Michonne.+Developers said it effects TWD season 3, like 400 days effected season 2. So you better play it , if you plan to play s3.-3 hours without replay. If you replay to see other choices it extends 1-2 hours more.-Expensive for this length of game.-Didn't feel choices I made impact much.Conclusion: Walking Dead fans will buy it no matter what. All I say is buy it on sale (at least %50). Other than fans, they might not find what they are looking for."
,Recommended,429570,25340317,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jeff,"As a huge fan of The Walking Dead show and the Telltale Games series, the negative user reviews of the Michonne series made me hesitate. However, now that I've installed it and played the first two episodes, I just don't get what all the complaints are about. So far, I find it to be just as rich and engaging as the the other Walking Dead game episodes. The art direction, story, characters, and choices hold up to everything else in the series. Even if the episodes are a little shorter than usual, that's just the nature of a side story. For anyone who is waiting for season 3, I strongly recommend The Walking Dead: Michonne for their interactive Walking Dead fix."
76561198100529484,Recommended,429570,25702171,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DarthSlay,"Telltale Games rock !!! If you love TWD and especially Michonne, it's your next game :)"
,Not Recommended,429570,24691487,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fragged.,"Alright boys, strap in for a wild ride.This is the only Telltale game I've played that I didn't enjoy. The entire time, no matter what choices you made, they didn't matter at all. Characters were still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to you no matter what you said to them, by the middle of the second episode every time i saw ""___ will remember that"" at the top of my screen, I'd say ""Yeah, right"" out loud. The voice acting was also so bad and awkward, the only one who didn't deliver their lines like a first time voice actor was Samira Wiley playing Michonne, also known as playing Poussey (it's french) on Orange is the New Black. All the other characters used weird voices and tones and it was all just so awkward. It honestly felt like cheap Walking Dead fan service, not a Telltale game. I didn't care about any of the characters, when everyone other Telltale game had me caring about every single character, even ones you've just met. I'd give this game a generous 3/10, probably not even worth it on sale. I wish I'd bought Wolf Among Us during the Summer Sale instead of this cash-grab."
,Recommended,429570,25729050,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SoldierXero,"Great game marred with technical problems. I spent over a week working with technical support to try and resolve an issue I had with this game not working in full screen mode. I never got it resolved and all I got was a big fat sorry. I have never had an issue with any other Tell Tale games but this one. The loading was also attrocious at times. This certainly left me disappointed and frustrated which ruined my overall experience with the game itself. I eventually got myself to just suck it up and play in windowed mode, and the game was good overall, it was an engaging story as all Tell Tale games usually are. So if you like the other games you will likely enjoy this one as well. However, be warned, this game may not work properly for everyone and tech support will be little to no help at all."
,Recommended,429570,24511246,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Soraiwa,"Guyz I played episode one and two, acually I finished season 1 - 2 of walking dead the game and previous games choices were better. First episode was very slow and I dind't like the choices the game provides us but it became a little bit better at second episode and I hope it'll be better at final episode couse I just finished episode 2 and wonderin whats about to going on :)). You can play this game if you like teltale game style and walking dead series."
,Recommended,429570,25712791,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,東方の黑猫✿,"well i love all Tell tales games.But this one...is the only one thats not really worth it....same price as any other Tell tales game,this game only worth 3 hour of gameplay :(Its not worth it........P.S minecraft too.thats the first TTG ive ever see that sells DLC.but overall yea still a good game....just the amount of time"
,Recommended,429570,26409812,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Blood Elf,7.5/10 แต่...ซื้อตอน 75% แล้วกันข้อดี- action ที่ให้กดเห็นชัดเจน- การเลือกบางอย่างมีผลของเกม ซึ่งต่างจากภาค 1 (เลือกอะไรก็เลือกไปเหอะ สุดท้ายเหมือนกัน) และ ภาค 2 (ต่างตอนจบ)ข้อเสีย- เนื้อเรื่องที่สั้น(มาก) คือรู้ว่าเป็น Miniseries แต่ก็สั้นเกิน -_-- การเอาส่วนนึงจากคอมมิคมาใช้ ทำให้งง ว่ามิชอนนี่ใคร เกิดอะไรขึ้น คือถ้าคนไม่เคยดู WD เลย (อันนี้ดูแค่ series ทีวี)- Achivement น่าจะมีเพิ่ม แบบเลือกข้อนี้ หรือทำแบบนี้ถึงจะได้ ทำให้อยากกลับมาลองโหลดเล่นเพื่อดูอีกทางเลือกนึง (ที่มีอยู่มันเส้นตรงเกิน)
76561198053739761,Recommended,429570,26643388,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tin man,not bad if you buy it at 75% disscount
,Recommended,429570,26719152,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Maya,"While this is a amazing game to play and i do love the story, the new fight system, the slightly better ui and less annoying characters. I also feel like the game is a bit of a rip off for £11. If the game was on sale for let's say £4 then it would be totally worth it. i loved the game from start to finish and there is a fair among of theorising about this game you could do if you wanted to. With all this being said the game is great the price is not."
,Recommended,429570,26615050,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Cazaclaw,"an awesome addition to the walking dead telltale series, but lets face it, telltale do not make bad games!deep emmersive story line that keeps you wanting to play more and brings a new side to the character of michonne.fantastic if you are a walking dead or telltale fan.i only wish it was longer."
76561198067562440,Not Recommended,429570,26405464,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,rosstheirish,"If it was longer and fleshed out, it could have been a decent game. Only worth on a very low sale. Kills a couple of hours"
76561198133519828,Recommended,429570,25848332,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,roblox gf,"So I've had this game sitting in my library for awhile, it wouldn't run for the longest time (undownloaded Skyrim and suddenly everything started working). It still freezes from time to time, but it's nothing restarting it won't fix. I seriously love this game though, felt like I understood Michonne much more. Chapter 2 really hit me hard. But I'm really not for how this game embraced the ""Bury Your Gays"" trope. Could have done without that. Really, really, irritating, but otherwise I enjoyed the game and definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,429570,26373969,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TOFWHY,"Pros: 1] You feel like a badass during the zombie fighting segments, finally we get to be a killing machine.2] Telltale have delivered another decent game with great graphics for what it is and has some ""WTF"" moments.3] Role-Playing as an emotionally recovering Michonne is a lot of funCons: 1] It's incredibly short for it's large RRP price tag.2] Aren't we all still suffering a little Telltale exhaustion and over-saturation3] Almost no emotions felt towards any of the characters except maybe 2. 1 of those is Michonne.Conclusion:  It's a great little filler for people who like(d) the show and who are now excited since the spoiler for TWD Season 3, however, don't buy this for it's full price, it seriously isn't worth it. It's very clearly not as fleshed as it could be, but it's still decent. Get this on sale or buy a key from a seller on a website."
76561197980650229,Recommended,429570,26425789,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pendragon,"Short at 3 hours playing time. However, lives up to the usual telltale games standard, Plenty of difficult choices to be made and a gripping plot."
,Recommended,429570,26417437,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RainbowLox,"Michonne is a game, comparable to a buildingthey built the scaffolding out of solid gold then made the building out of dirt.pretty pointless if you ask me,but, the game itselfPROS:Story is decently structured (not always though i will get on to this later) so by telltale standards, it at least entertained me for the duration of its playtime. but i wouldn't call it good, by telltale standards its pretty dissapointing, but if youre looking for a decent story, this will certainly workcons:Random story interruptions, the story can be boring at times, so when you finally get engaged, for michonne to go OMFGTEDDYBEARVIETNAMFLASHBACKTIME i just sigh everytime, i dont find this part of the story interesting and constantly interupts throughoutPoor port, well optimized but buggy rez basically so i have to run at 1920 x 1200 cos i love black borders. otherwise it lags alot =/. as its my ""native"" res, when actually, this game counts your native res as your highest, so people using 4k monitors wanting to run it in 1080p, or people like me with a second monitor with a different res, this may mess you up, but with it being a story game it didn't bother me too muchConclusion : Wait For Salepretty well put together story but i wouldn't say its worth the 11 pound asking price"
,Recommended,429570,26363376,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,n0rr3c,7/10 Good overall.
76561198007513026,Recommended,429570,26367147,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"Worth it at 75% off but not for more than that.This game has all the well know flaws of TellTale adventures - choices that don't matter and limited interaction.Michonne is really short but the story is reasonably interesting. I just wish that TellTale would improve their games, instead they reuse the same game engine for every game they sell."
,Recommended,429570,26339367,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"The story is good, though maybe not as good as the other The Walking Dead games. Altough it is too short for its price. There's 3 episodes, each lasting just over an hour. I would recommend buying this on sale. I got it when it was -75% and it was worth it."
,Recommended,429570,26342681,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,cam1404eron,the game is way to short to appreciate . would recamend the reading comics before and after the game starts and end.
,Recommended,429570,26309811,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,bilsantu,"Took me about 4 hours to finish the game, had no performance issues. The action level is pretty high compared to TW1 and TW2, which is good but it doesn't necessarily mean the game is as tense as them. I felt like more key moments could have been tied in to your decisions. You should get it if you liked TW1-2. Hoping to see this crew in TW3."
,Recommended,429570,26620654,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ganso,"Compared to the other main walking dead games, this one falls short (literally). It is also less ""adventury"" (less conversations and less pointing-and-clicking), and more like a movie, where you control the flow of the story according to your dialog response choices.As it is expected with the latest walking dead episodes, it depicts the brutality of humans in the zombie apocalypse context.The game has a few bugs where it acknowledged my decisions incorrectly at the end of the chapter.I recommend buying on a sale, as it feels like a short and almost passable experience."
76561198284961697,Recommended,429570,26752266,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,naqi_,"badass action sequences, solid storyline, nice fragmentation of narrative, loved it"
,Recommended,429570,26755211,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Brattishflower,"As someone who loves the walking dead and Michonne.Its really cool to be able to play this character, the story is very intense.I do suggest that if you like the walking dead and or michonne then get this game"
,Recommended,429570,30916482,Posted: 2 April,all,Tobarus,"it's worth getting if its on special, not a great story but still enjoyable."
76561198150152819,Recommended,429570,26058551,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jeffreyflood87,"Some reviewers have said that it's too short. It only has three chapters. I would say the same thing about Michonne and also the other two walking dead series. The first and the second series had five episodes each, but these games are so deep, so immersive, that still isn't enough. After playing the first two series and Michonne I can still say that thirteen episodes isn't enough and I really, really wish there were more. Yes, it's too short. 10/10"
,Recommended,429570,26036282,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Anhora,"Really enjoyed playing this, even if only 5h playtime. Great game and I hope there will be more in the future."
,Recommended,429570,30896899,Posted: 2 April,all,Jeerus Sama,Pros-Exciting intro for the game had intense with it too.-Intro song was catchy. As well as before each new episode starts and the last one xD.-To be honest I was expecting a different intro for the game. I was surprised yet again by the TWD. Kudos :D-Tough decision as seen on previous TWD franchises.-Quick game for me hope the last franchise will be even greater. I finished the TWD:Michonne in one sitting :D-Wasn't expecting that horn which reminds me of (Purge series).-I love how the game is built for you to focus and keep your hands on the keyboard at all times rather than a laid back game.-Despite how the atmosphere on the game is humor never dies out. (no pun intended)Cons-When you try to escape or sometimes in-game it says hold W/A/S/D when you hold a certain key in a certain situation the button won't register. I guess this is because we're playing with a keyboard? I've never encountered any problems with buttons not registering while playing on a console. For me I guess I need to save up for a controller while playing games like TWD. xD
,Recommended,429570,27546742,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pauljac3,Great Game!
76561198191023303,Recommended,429570,23559406,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Daddy Cobra,It starts off a bit slow but it gets better especially the season finale. I highly recomened this game to walking dead and telltale game fans!
76561198012714694,Recommended,429570,23513352,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mezzwith548,"It's okay.I would only recommend to hardcore fans of the Walking Dead comics and maybe the Telltale games whoare curious about Michonne's backstory. The game however isn't as gripping and impactfulstorywise compared to the comics and prevous seasons. It's not bad just not as memorable aside fromwhat is revealed about Michonne's past that was never touched upon in the comics, and a few cool characters. It is also significantly shorter than the last two seasons but it is a ""mini series"" afterall. The dialog choices are well written however, I had some trouble deciding what to say at times.Speaking of dialog one of the main issues I have is that you can no longer use keyboard buttons to selectdialog choices. This wouldn't be much of a problem if the the dialog boxes weren't so small, which canlead to saying something you don't want to say or not simply not talking whatsoever if you're not careful. On topof that, choosing what you wanna say too early can cut a character off mid sentence making the flow ofthe cinematic akward.However, I really enjoyed the improvement with the visuals and cinematics. The menuslook a lot flashier compared to the bland ones from previous games, and the action sequences use QTEsa bit well to add more gameplay to the game. The cutscenes involving Michonne's flashbacks/delusionslook visually impresive, espcially when it skews what is reality and what is an illusion. Hope to seethese features be implemented in Season 3."
76561198284628796,Recommended,429570,21497979,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Danlevi☾,All Telltale games from the walking dead are amazing. 10/10
76561197990678145,Recommended,429570,23817653,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lali,"This game feels much more graphic than the previous TWD games. It's either that or I've made a bunch of gorey choices. Terrific voice acting, and excellent story as always. It is a bit short but this is a miniseries after all. I look forward to playing future miniseries!"
76561198016104518,Recommended,429570,23814836,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GoatGruff,"3 Episodes time on record is for one play through at 3.7 hours.  Story was decent, just 2 epidodes short of the other games in this series.  I got it on sale, and at that price was worth my time."
76561198309437626,Recommended,429570,23531422,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bot Midori,3
,Recommended,429570,23774299,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dominix99,"Another great game by Telltale games! You can tell that they really know how to put a story together and it shows that they've got the formula nailed down. In this game you play as Michonne, a sword-wielding badass, in a time where she is struggling to cope with the recent mishap with her daughters in a zombie infested world. While her character was hard to connect with for me, because I don't have any children, there is plenty of suspense to go around in this game, and the choices you make DO have weight. It was an O.K ending, not the best, but it did wrap up mostly everything. This is a great place to start if you have never played a Telltale game before because it's paced just right, and you don't have to know a thing about The Walking Dead to play it! A must have if you are a fan of The Walking Dead or are craving another adventure from Telltale games!"
76561197960344344,Recommended,429570,23761835,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,coltos,"Michonne is by far my favorite character of the TWD series, so I was pumped to get my hands on a game focusing on her, but also had my worries as the last TWD game was lacking. But all my worries were blown away in no time, because this one delivered from the start!Now I am really looking forward to see something similarly great from Clem!"
,Recommended,429570,24095924,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Baby Legs,Why do I put myself through these feels?
,Recommended,429570,24097426,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Furryka,"Come on guys, stop itching around. This is a spin-off from the games you already love. Michonne has nothing to do with WD Season 1 and 2. It's a complete different story that takes place in same universe.Took me 4 hours to finish it. Feels pretty short, but, it's still a great game. I don't want to spoil anything, but, Michonne is a pretty hard-core woman who saw a LOT of things in her life. Do not compare her to the 9 y.o. girl that we all love and care about. And probably still cry over nights.I would love see Michonne pop up in future games. At least you feel safe when she is around.Anyways, back to the game - ignore all the kids we have here who cry about and post negative reviews. This game is still worth to be played. But, speaking about technical-part, QA Team should be a little bit kicked in butt for few minor bugs.And yes, good luck with the girls. You're gonna LOVE them!...."
,Recommended,429570,24074735,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Aufinator19,"I love telltale's games, so going into this it was a no brainer I was gonna like it. I have to say this game is genuinely good. The length itself is quite short, 3 to 4 hours at a maximum. But this is a mini-series after all and the price is adjusted for it. If you've played the other walking dead games you know what you are getting into. While the game in my opinion is not as strong as season 1 and 2 it is still an enjoyable experience. Some choices you make will make you feel oh so good and others will make you question your morals. Overall pick this game up, so worth it."
76561198018356729,Recommended,429570,24202973,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,K4boomz,its shorter than the other walking deads but its hardcore as ♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,429570,24044168,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MoMoCowZai,"It's a great game but somehow for me, 3 episodes storyline is kinda short.Still it's a game worth give it a try"
,Not Recommended,429570,24033994,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ashur Wylde,"Unless you can play this entire game in one sitting, don't play this game. There is a bug where it will not let you keep a save of you progress, so if you are unable to finish the episode for whatever reason, you will lose all progress and will have to restart the episode.Until this bug is fixed, I suggest either not buying or just wait till you have a chance to play the entire thing in one go."
,Recommended,429570,24034243,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DL,"I liked, its simple and have a good script. Shows a lot of Michonne's ghosts. If it goes to sale you can by it. If not, I would recomend you to wait for a sale. The game is very short, you can finish it in 3~4 hours. Only 3 chapters in comparison to 5 in the others TWD Games."
,Recommended,429570,26183491,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,cryowright,"Intriguing beginning. Familiar background music. Everything reminds you that it all is happening in the same world as before.A very quiet and personal story among overpowering fear of the zombie-apocalypse.Just a little note: I had stopped watching “The walking dead” series before Michonne, as I got that, left the group. But still, I really enjoyed playing. From my point of view, the developers did their best to present Michonne’s storyline and make it easily understood by newcomers.The whole story of one women’s life is touching. From the first sight, it doesn’t look so special because many people lost their loved ones in the apocalypse. However, step by step, it goes through your heart right to your personal morals.The atmosphere is magnificent. Ocean, salt water, deck. A mystery marina. We all like water because it means life. That’s important “those days” if you know what I mean.Here is the end of the first part of my review. Now, let me do some additional linking stuff.Truth be told, this game isn’t a masterpiece. Neither was The Walking Dead: Season Two, where all things came to the insisting Clementine advertisement, making her way too cliché and sacrificing almost all other character’s intelligence, meaning: the short Michonne game still makes more sense than one long story.You can judge my review as long as you wish. My opinion is staying with me, not bothering you.To conclude, Michonne is a very charismatic person. It’s a joy to play as her. To take a page from her book. It feels like a perfect balance of what player should learn about Michonne: no less, no more.Surely, this game is worth completing it while this is your choice whether play it or not.NOTE TO RUSSIAN PLAYERS: Дорогие соотечественники, я рекомендую вам переключить язык в игре на английский (Библиотека > «Игра» > Свойства > Язык), если вы владеете им на хорошем уровне. Мало того, что оформление его остаётся на недоразвитом уровне (как, например, цифра «1» в конце титров после слова «эпизод» напечатана оригинальным шрифтом, зато все русские слова сделаны совершенно другим).Мне хватило одного перевода первого же опционального решения, когда Мишон поднесла револьвер к своему виску. «Отпустить», «Остаться». Несмотря на кучу вопросов, возникших тут же у меня в голове, например: «Отпустить курок или отпустить револьвер? Так курок ведь спускают, а не отпускают. Остаться жить или остаться на этой опушке умирать?», мне таки удалось сделать нужный мне выбор за отведённое время, но так оставлять это не хотелось.Ради интереса мне понадобилось перезагрузить игру и сыграть заново, несмотря на уже пройденную первую часть эпизода, и, естесственно, в оригинале всё в сто раз понятнее: «Спустить курок», «Опустить оружие». Я без понятия, почему наши не могли так и перевести. В первом варианте вообще могли бы написать «Выстрелить» или «Застрелиться»."
,Recommended,429570,25976056,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,gamergrrrl,"I enjoyed this. It's definitely more empathetic that the other two TWD games, since the players seems to see more through Michonne's eyes than simply controlling her. The character definitely has her own motivation rather than being a vessel for the player.The music was fantastic. I think thats something that Telltale nails every time.I loved the characters, and their voice actors were exceptional. Michonne is such an complex character and this game managed to tell  her story really well for only three episodes. I thought the overlap of the flashbacks to her past and the present was done well most of the time, though the first transition certainly wasn't the best.I feel like the only choice that ""mattered"" (though I'm not usually one of those people that thinks the ending has to be different for the choices to matter) was the last one.And as usual, super good story. I played through in one sitting."
76561198040241291,Recommended,429570,26091069,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GALL1UM16,"If you're like me you'll find this game as similar the four hundred days dlc as it's nothing more than a bridge for the second and third game. Though I didn't find the game as interesting as the main series, unlike four hundred days you get a good connection with the characters (Michonne and Pete(?)) unfortunatly I didn't feel that connection with any other character. Last thing said I prefer this voice of Michonne over the tv version which has nothing to do with the review, I just thought to mention that."
,Not Recommended,429570,26392640,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,le.cowboy,"If you are going to buy a Walking Dead Telltale game, make sure it is NOT this one. The first two installments were amazing and by far the most amazing gaming experiences I have ever experienced. This one, however, just didn't stand up. In the previous games, I felt like I was in control and I got emotionally attached--and detached--to certain characters. That being said, this game had flat characters I couldn't really relate to other than Michonne. To be honest, the premise of PTSD flashbacks was just sort of annoying and always took me out of the moment in crucial parts. In other words, unless this game is on sale, shoot for one of the others."
,Recommended,429570,26397638,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ITProMuffoletto,"If you enjoyed the other TWD series by telltale you will certainly enjoy this one. I feel like it could've been longer and used some more action, but maybe that's just because we never want the game to end?!"
,Recommended,429570,30937568,Posted: 4 April,all,I need healing,Buy this gameThe story is interesting (to me) and the graphics is niceI rate 7/10
76561198129212819,Recommended,429570,26409514,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,qtechautomotive,Telltales Walking Dead. Michonne. Enough said.
,Recommended,429570,25510309,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,safesinger,Another great Telltale Walking Dead story. Just a lot shorter than it should be for 3 parts.Same mechanics used for controls a little graphical upgrades make for an excellent interactive story.If you have played Tellatales Walking Dead Season 1 &2 along with the 400 days addon then you should absolutely play this.It has no connection to the first 2 seasons it is a story all of it's own from the comics or the TV series.Michonne is a cool character to follow makes sense they would do a story based on her. Why not for Rick? Maybe after season 3?
76561198065873308,Recommended,429570,25505753,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,This was amazing but I really wish it was longer! it was so cool and so much more intense than the base game.If you are a zombie or walking dead fan you need to play this!(It does not cross over at all into the main games so don't worry.)
76561198131376414,Recommended,429570,25537556,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,legendbydesign,"Having played the previous 2 seasons of Telltale Games' The Walking Dead, I sort of knew what I was getting into, gameplay-wise, but the story was intense and was a totally new experience from the other two seasons of this series. I can't wait to see what they do in season 3!Overall, I highly recommend this game. Fans of the show, games and graphic novels will LOVE this game!"
,Recommended,429570,25530507,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kamiccolo,"Good, yet does not live up to the other Walking Dead games by TTG. Parts of the game are so unpolished I had to search the Internet to figure out what I was doing wrong. The story was good, though not as good as other TTG stories.Hopefully their other games will return to living up to their legacy!"
,Recommended,429570,25610524,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Rob Geus,"Short story, quite nice to see a story written around Michonne! Pick it up at a sale and it will be worth the money. 9/10"
,Recommended,429570,25958693,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,vV15hB0n3,Pros-good story-good soundtrack-more action style game out of the telltale game seriesCons-ran into a fullscreen error at first and had to google a fix to play-short game and wished there was more
76561198089680827,Recommended,429570,30942793,Posted: 4 April,all,Oda Nobunaga,"So. I want to start with the thing that you'll need to handle in the whole game. No spoilers, I will try. dw. You will see your daughters really often. Like really often. It gets annoying after a while, at least for me. Of course, its a telltale game, so there are many tough decisions.. But like in almost every game by them, there are people that did not need to die. At least in my opinion, maybe you'll find out who when you get into the game. The chapters are like from 1-3 checkpoints, but it felt really short to me. I got it finished in 4 hours(the whole game), with some revisions to see what happens IF.. Imo, the daughters were kinda creepy in some parts, and the ending was just.. telltale.And to the price- I bought it when it had a discount( the price was 3.5 EUR, which is great) but for the price that it has at the moment, I wouldnt buy it.Oh, and dont forget, there will be some brutal moments, that didnt have to go like that, imo.Think about it, before you buy this game. Cheers."
76561198048478956,Recommended,429570,30839605,Posted: 30 March,all,UdonNoodles,"A fun addition to the series. Despite Telltale's pattern of giving the player the illusion of choice, the story was enough for me to want more after the first episode. On a side note, the theme song is great!"
76561198032081181,Not Recommended,429570,24895240,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nick the Nick,"I love Telltale (TWD 1 and 2, Wolf Among Us) but this is probably one of their weakest games. It's only 3 episodes and most of it isn't even spent with your main group; you end up having to sort out the issues of a bunch of unlikable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's no real 'choice', even by Telltale standards (even the dialogue doesn't have much affect on the conversations).They had something going with the main antagonist (she wasn't a total monster like most TWD antagonists; she makes good on her deals and as far as I can tell she doesn't even lie to you), but with only 3 episodes she's only actually in two or three major moments.It's only 3 episodes and they do a HORRIBLE time making them count.Everything that happens affects a different group, not yours. I never felt any attachment to the group I was with. Honestly I feel like this is an issue in TWD2 (I never really cared that much about the group I was with, to the point where I outright said I wanted to leave a few times), but at least in TWD2 the plot forced me to care about the group because it directly affected the protagonist. In TWD: Michonne, there's really nothing stopping her from just leaving (which wouldn't be that horrible of a thing to do, since it's the other group's fault they're even in that situation) until the very end.tl;dr There's nothing horribly wrong with it, but the whole thing just feels kind of lazy and poorly put together. Also the QTE's sucked more than usual."
76561198004275986,Recommended,429570,25057696,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dr_ZoDiK,Fun but lame. Boring but fun not worth 20 euros for 7 hour play time but game is good should be around 5 euro max
,Recommended,429570,24926908,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,rawdogmeat4,"Well, this is my third Walking Dead game to review, and I'm sad to say it's the one I least liked (Walking Dead and Season 2 before it). Telltale once again did an excellent job of storytelling, and provided a way for players to be engaged in the action as well as the story without compromising it, but the game felt rushed and was far too short. This review will contain spoilers, so if you wish to avoid them, STOP READING.SPOILERS FOLLOW:I completed it in 3 hours without rushing anything; taking my time with each choice, and the ending felt unsatisfying (You should go back with your group. I will, when I'm ready). The majority of the game was one big, neverending PTSD attack about her leaving her daughters since she and her husband were getting divorced, and while I can respect that option of storytelling, it took up far too much of it for it to be a Walking Dead game. The antagonists were predictable; reciting how much of the good guys they are when they have a path of executed people behind them. Characters, like every Telltale game judging you harshly if you so much as pick up a spoon off the floor, but unlike the first two games, the main character doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and will kill if necessary, and not feel bad about it. The first game and Season 2 at least had 5 episodes each that took around an hour and a half - two hours depending, but this one felt rushed compared to those two having only 3 short episodes that took an hour at best to complete. I am glad the game was made though because that unexplained gap in the comics ticked me off so much; ""Where is Michonne going? Why is she leaving? Why didn't they explain anything when she came back? Did she just need some alone time?"" Seriously, good on you, Telltale Games for making the game. Was worth every penny for me, but it's earned 3rd place among the other two games.If you love The Walking Dead, and if you love Telltale games, you'll enjoy The Walking Dead: Michonne. At this point, if you'd played the other two games, it's no question that this one deserves a go too."
,Recommended,429570,25040975,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Squirrel,It is a quality click an point adventure. Like other TellTale Games.The story is with only three chapters a little bit to short for my taste and the forerunners are better. The loading times between the scence takes longer time in the last chapter.The game works fine with the XBOX360 controller.
,Recommended,429570,28287327,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dexterous,Finished this gem within 24 hours...Amazing.If you're a fan of the comics/tv-series this is a huge recommendation.Really awesome!
,Recommended,429570,28768532,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blackf77t,"I love the Walking Dead season one and season two.  I finally decided to play Michonne.  The game had to the two things I loved about the Walking Dead season one and two.  I pushed the buttons like my life depended on it, because I cared what happened to the characters.  There were two aspects of the game I didn't like as much.  Michonne has some characters that don't deserve the fate they recieve.  I don't remember feeling as conflicted about the decisions I had to make in the first two installments.  While it made me less comfortable, I don't know if that is really a bad thing.  You could argue that makes it better.  The other was that the game is shorter than the other Walking Dead seasons from Telltale.  Overall, Michonne was a good game and worth the time and money.  I think I would have felt the same even if I played full price."
,Recommended,429570,28838692,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Guile,Short but good. It only has 3 episodes and it takes about a hour to complete each episode. I will say that its not as good as the other 2 walking dead games. I would recommend to get on sale. 7/10
,Recommended,429570,28802991,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Voodoo Dragon,"Michonne is a cool character, and this miniseries is a well-crafted, self-contained story. I personally connected more with the narrative of this miniseries than TWD Season 2. There are a few tough choices, and it feels like they are deliberately designed to provoke specific emotional responses that are perhaps slightly darker than the main seasons."
76561198188886469,Recommended,429570,28876978,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zoom®,okay okay so people dont like this game that much. well thats how they feel. i had my own doubts about this game and needless to say none of them came true this game has really been a good one!! Some games dont have to end the way they should. 7/10 for my rate. Persoanlly i would play it again.
,Recommended,429570,28879085,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,robert-458,I love The Walking Dead games so I knew instantly that I needed to add this to my collection. I wasn't disappointed. Playing as Michonne was great even though I had no idea of who her character was (never read the comics). I'd recommend this for TWD and Telltale Fans
76561198151960279,Recommended,429570,26320598,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Yujing Yan,"For me, TWD: Michonne was an acceptable(perhaps slightly bad?) Tell-tale Game.1)The story was a bit short.2)The halluciantion sequences sometimes felt out of place.3)all the Telltale ""problems"": QTE, illusion of choice, etcFortunately(?), a slightly bad Telltale game is still a good game. When you buy a Telltale game, you should already know what you are signing up for: great story, rather lackluster gameplay."
,Recommended,429570,30251689,Posted: 28 February,all,fanatiko 2.0,"I wish it had more chapters, another good game by Telltale."
76561197970539192,Not Recommended,429570,28734730,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,King of Hyrule,"MysteryAdventureCharacter developmentTwistsEngaging StoryAll the normal things you'd expect from a TWD TTG; Missing.Not worth the price you pay. Let's do the math on price to value for, The Walking Dead: Michonne has PTSD - A Telltale Tiny Microseries.The 3 (not 5) episodes, are 1 (not 3) hours long each.Yes I realise that it's a mini series but it ends up being about 1/5 the normal length, yet you are paying 60% of the price.MINOR SPOILERSMaybe you can look past a short and boring story with forgettable characters and an environment that leaves you feeling that you have no choices but rather just going through the motions.But what you can't look past is the constant FLASHBACKS Michonne has of her 2 dead children that she left behind; Because every 5 mins something will remind her of them. Need to look for supplies? That toy looks like my child's toy! Need to open a door? That reminds me of the door that I left my children behind! See a child???? You can only imagine the PTSD that causes.I highly recommend this game for single mothers with daughters and seperation anxiety as it would be the only way to emotionally connect with this game."
76561198046237726,Recommended,429570,31171385,Posted: 15 April,all,XavierElite,"I can’t praise the game to be as good as the first two seasons both story wise as well as decision making, but it wasn’t all too bad. Sadly, the game can be completed in as short as 5 hours which is why I can only recommend this game on special. Additionally, you do not need to play the first two games to understand this game, since this game is a new storyline of its own; which is more or less of a filler to the story of the TV series’ character Michonne."
,Recommended,429570,29029007,Posted: 5 January,all,нǝɐɹтвeaт💓,I love this game but I wish it was longer.I made the right decision not to spend $15 on this game.It has only three episodes and would probably take you less than a day to finish all of them.
,Recommended,429570,31285046,Posted: 21 April,all,xBlackDragon9,"Short game, but, VERY INTERESTING!"
76561198181302290,Recommended,429570,31303131,Posted: 22 April,all,Sméagol-Liz,It is not bad but sometimes a little annoying with response of the gameplay buttons(don't know if anyone had that experience) But the story itself is nice.  Although having only 3 short episodes. And I don't know if the choices had really consequences.I had a double feeling about this game. I had to play this in a little window and the graphics are what strange. I did ALT + ENTER and it worked to get the fullscreen but it was still glitchy.If you can get it when the price is lower.. it is worth it.
76561197962024397,Recommended,429570,30312779,Posted: 4 March,all,Mikey B,ItJustEndedWas just getting good.Not as good as the first two but was an enjoyable experience.
76561197970728391,Recommended,429570,30315991,Posted: 4 March,all,Old Man 678,"Another solid ""game"" in this series. This time you control Michonne throughout the adventure as she battles her inner demons of decisions she made before the zombies spread to her current situation.As usual, it is more graphic novel than game, though you do get to interact more in this one than the others. And the it is very easy to get attached to the characters in the game only to have one of them die. Story is quite amazing, though goes off wierd on occasion and the some excellent music in this as well.Was very involved in this from beginning to end, though not sure it worth full price. I got this for $5 and that feels about right."
,Recommended,429570,31206695,Posted: 17 April,all,mikeburnfire,"Not quite as good as Telltale's other Walking Dead games, but a few surprise twists and interesting choices make this a decent experience."
,Recommended,429570,30305014,Posted: 3 March,all,breck01,"The Walking Dead: MichonneJogo sensacional, pena que muito pequenomas vozes graficos tudo ficou sensacional que na minha opniãoquase não vi erros."
76561198092402838,Recommended,429570,30335595,Posted: 5 March,all,LilSestra,"As with all the other Telltale games I have played, this one was fun. It kept me on my toes and had relatable characters. The story was a bit lacking compared to the previous Walking Dead stories, and if they are not planning any more episodes, felt a bit unfinished at the end. Otherwise, I think it is definitely worth a play!"
,Recommended,429570,31226926,Posted: 18 April,all,Ultimadiac,"Story about as solid as the main series. only Con is that it had several bugs specialy with ""Q tapping"" (the main series had some every now and then, but much less than this one)...Really reccomending buying it for those who played and enjoyed the main series. Characters can be easily identify with and plot is epic... choices have much more impact than most in the main series...9/10Really worth it, specially if on sale..."
,Recommended,429570,31386521,Posted: 26 April,all,Drazion,"Relatively short compared to other TTG titles.  Enjoyed the story, didn't really get too many stutters and loading times aren't really a problem with a SSD."
,Not Recommended,429570,21413454,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lerat,Its trash
,Recommended,429570,24660407,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DasWunderKind,"This Miniseries about Michonne is one of those games I loved playing from start to finish, but unfortunatly like the main character the game has his ghost.First of all this game is all about Michonne the side characters personalities are thin paper, and you will find it really hard to feel anyting for them even your choices wont have that big of a weight since there is no connection at all to them.But everything related to Michonne is stellar, her character is by far the best thing of this game as well as the action sequences.The action sequences are fantastic and brutal jus the way Michonne is, the rampage she goes on is such a joy to watch.Other than that the game is really short with only 3 episodes but it really is worth playing it if you find it for cheap.7/10Achievement Difficulty: 1/10 Just complete the game."
76561198124000885,Recommended,429570,24670771,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FaZe Acne,420/690 too short combat is gud tho
,Not Recommended,429570,25109729,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kirielle,"Disappointlingly short.If you fell in love with Lee and Clementine during their hard-fought journey of survival in the Walking Dead universe, don't expect a full experience with Michonne's TellTale Episodes.I made the mistake of expecting another deep and engaging narrative like that of Clementine and Lee, but instead I ended up with 3 episodes that felt way too short and also felt that it's plot was way too rushed. You barely have time to invest into any of the characters other than feel irritated with the bad guys who do a-hole things just to make the player hate them.There are characters where you're probably supposed to care about and feel bad for when they get killed, but in reality, there's barely enough time to learn more about them or get emotionally invested in them other than to have them unceremoniously plopped right in front of you at that very moment just to unceremoniously die and establish how hateable the antagonist is.I was expecting a 5-episode emotional roller coaster with one of the most bad♥♥♥♥♥characters in the Walking Dead Universe, and instead I only got 3 half-baked episodes that took a lot of shortcuts. It felt more like a quick cash-grab than a full-blown telltale Walking Dead game. 5 hours and I completed it, and greatly regretted spending cash on it.I loved TWD Season 1 (Lee's story) and TWD Season 2 (Clementine's Story), but feel so DISAPPOINTED with TWD: Michonne. I applied for a refund because I can't believe Telltale would make such a ""rushed"" game for such great material.TL:DRIf I had to rate the Telltale TWD games on a scale of 1-10, here are the scores:The Walking Dead Season 1 (Lee) : 8/10The Walking Dead Season 2 (Clementine) : 10/10The Walking Dead : Michonne (Michonne) : 3/10If you love the series and the previous games from Telltale, don't make the mistake I did in getting this half-baked addition to an otherwise stellar game series."
,Recommended,429570,25155085,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Initiatecrab934,Really good its honesty a shame its only 3 parts but what u gonna do. Still very much worth playing
76561197977881813,Recommended,429570,24970879,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Demo,I really really liked the game BUT 3.9h Playtime for 15Euros?! Come on Telltale Games you are better than this!Just buy it in Sales.
,Recommended,429570,24967060,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sabrina,"I absolutely loved this game. I love Michonne's character both in the comics and on the show, and it was refreshing seeing how she has learned to cope with her demons (more or less). It is pretty expensive for how short it was, but I believe I got it at a discount as part of a humble bundle, so it was well worth the purchase.If you're hesitant, I'd wait until the price drops, but I'd definitely recommend it.10/10 would play more Michonne again"
,Recommended,429570,25238470,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,stalwart,Loved it!
76561197971726726,Recommended,429570,24210171,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,D_REVAN,"This is a really good telltale game,and one of the more interesting walkind dead histories you are gona find ,as long you keep in mind that it is very short, which means that there is not much time for character development.Micheone is a great kick♥♥♥♥♥character.Worth buy."
76561198036266438,Recommended,429570,24208672,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,05M45I *134#,"Not the best game of TWD made by Telltale Games, I prefer the second game, but if you can get it with a nice offer like me, it`s really worth. I highly recommend it.You'll see the beggining of Michonne's story, and if u are a fan of the serie, you will love knowing how did Michonne start all of this.8.5/10"
76561198043788512,Recommended,429570,24240708,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lord Daniel,"8/10For a mini series! Michonne is really strong! It offers new insight into a character and a story that is Walking Dead worthy.PROSMichonneThe dramaThe terrorThe writingThe choicesThe dialogueNo black and white heroes and villains, they all are mixed when it comes to emotions and that makes them believable and realistic.CONSSome of the gameplay can make Michonne at times look overpowered which is not something you want to do in a drama, you want to make her look vulnerable so people can relate.ONLY 3 EPISODES? It leaves you wanting more, especially because these 3 episodes are really good and filled with tension, very satisfying and oh sh*t moments."
,Recommended,429570,24245246,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Niwy,"Just a briefly review...First of all, I have to say that the menu and that stuff it is much better than the other Telltale TWD games, I liked how they designed the whole thing, inlcuding images in the background of the real Robert Kirkman's Comic.Second, the gameplay it is quite different, but I did not enjoyed the game much than the other TWD games. }Related to the story, I liked it but the game is too short and does not let to develop  the story, neither they link the characters with Lee or Clem's story. I finished the game in 5 hours, because I played it on different days, but if you play it in one day, I am sure you can finish it  in 4 hours or a little less.I do not recommend to buy the game in its whole price, being or not a big fan it does not worth it."
,Recommended,429570,24157345,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,kizzh,"Why it's true that I recommend this game, especially to people who have fallen in love with Telltale's wonderful story telling and the universe of The Walking Dead through them, or indeed though alternative mediums, it is a recommendation with a strong caveat.I purchased this short 3-part miniseries during a Steam Sale and I suggest you do the same. I'm just not convinced the content here deserves full price. Certainly the story telling is not up to the high level from seasons 1 and 2. Some of this comes down to the short time there is to build a rapport with any of the characters.  Though it must be said that the DLC for season 1, 400 Days managed this far better in an even tighter frame.In the end the game is more of the good stuff players of season 1 and 2 will recognise but by the end of this trip I was more frustrated than I was satisfied with the overall experience. Some of this came down to how I felt about the protagonist in general. I dearly wanted to love Michonne and understand where she was coming from but never felt truly like I cared all that much for her. Certainly not in the same way that past Telltale games have left me deeply ingratiated to the main characters.So in the end I can recommend this at a sale price and at worst you may waste a couple of hours playing this. I don’t think I will revisit in order to try out different choices, though I may some years down the track"
,Recommended,429570,28559212,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Davidoff,"First of all let me say that while this is a decent game, I would not buy it at full price. I got it for around $5 which it seems to go for in most seasonal sales and I feel like that is a more appropriate price.Now, about the game itself it's basically more of the same. If you have played the other Walking dead games (or any other Telltale game for that matter) you will recognize this one too. I personally didn't find myself connecting with any of the characters much except for Michonne herself. And I guess it kinda makes sense considering this whole game is spread out over as much time as one regular episode, so there isn't enough time to really invest any feelings into them.All in all, a decent filler game while waiting for the next full one."
76561198087028714,Recommended,429570,28577689,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fak,"Really good game, it had and interesting plot (taking into account it was a ""miniseries"") with somewhat good characters. Surely this wouldn't be as deep as getting to know Kenny or Lee, but it does the job nicely. Something I really liked about it was the action sequences the game had in various times. However, I still think there are some cons.SPOILER ALERTI felt really unecessary the excessive repetition of Michonne's hallucinations. I'm not saying I don't like them (I did), but I think that it ruined some parts during action sequences. For example when the house is burning down. The whole apartment with Dominic sequence just de-pressurized a moment of climax in the story which should get the player in a sense of desperation and uncertainty in how things would unfold. Don't get me wrong, I loved how that moment developed, but I think it was placed at the wrong time.END OF SPOILERSAnother thing I didn't like much was the lenght of the episodes. Even though it is a miniseries, the three episodes could have a lot more of content and lenght in duration.I still recommend it for anyone to buy it. You don't need to know much of TWD universe to play it, only who Michonne is.Overall review: 9/10"
76561198126736465,Recommended,429570,28954109,Posted: 2 January,all,XiiaoDino,This game is Superb and i liked it especially the last episode its just so good~!
76561198246205938,Recommended,429570,28964270,Posted: 2 January,all,CatTazTrophy,"It's not a spectacular game, but it's more of an average and okay game. This is essentially just a Filler Arc for Telltale's Walking Dead fans and I'd only get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,429570,29026400,Posted: 4 January,all,AvianShadow,"Much shorter than the average Telltale game, taking a little over an hour for each episode (I have some Alt+Tab time). The story was kind of weak compared to the emotionally driven narratives of the first two Telltale TWD games, but Michonne is still a great enough character to make this worth a playthrough."
76561198114860788,Recommended,429570,29029012,Posted: 5 January,all,Zekrom87,"In my personal opinion, this game wasn't that bad. I will admit that it's not as great as the main series but this is still a great game. I really like the way they made the action scenes and I still fell in love with some of the characters. You may not get attached to them as much as the main series but I still recommend giving this a try. You should probably get on a sale though."
,Recommended,429570,29051537,Posted: 5 January,all,|TG| BleedingKnee,Four hours worth of a good interactive story for $5 is worth it.  Def not worth $15.  Wish the controls were better and the choices made more of a difference.
,Recommended,429570,29052799,Posted: 5 January,all,[Trust]Critic,"An enjoyable little diversion, though the recommendation comes with a few caveats.Typical Telltale Adventure game (story heavy, character driven, light on gameplay). Animations are a little more awkward than the main entries,.The action sequences are more satisfying than the other Telltale Games, but this comes more from Michonne effectivness in her world. The overall story is somewhat familliar, we've seen some of these struggles before.Definitely worth a look if you enjoy the other Walking Dead products (would put this as a  7.5), but would recommend the main series if its your first dip (especailly WD Season 1)."
76561198049455508,Recommended,429570,29008640,Posted: 4 January,all,jgc5290,Although my least favourite of TWD Telltale series I still enjoyed the journey mostly. I did experience the loss of SAVE GAME with cloud save enabled. So I recommend to TURN IT OFF before playing. I had no problems afterwards. The main character was fun to play but the flashes were probably over done and started to happen too often in my opinion. A few of the supporting characters were good and was surprised to hear Cissy Jones from FIREWATCH voicing Norma. Each episode was around 90 minutes but i repeated one episode due to save game being lost. And certainly the ending could of been improved. But if you like TWD TT games you should enjoy this. I'm pleased to of purchased on a good sale $$.Performance wise the game was slower to load than any other Telltale game i own.
,Recommended,429570,23973431,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DrCherryTop,"Once again amazed by the quality of Telltale's games. I personally loved the story, definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,429570,23974350,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,masterwriter42,"Another excellent game from Telltale. Pretty much what you'd expect from Telltale's The Walking Dead games, just shorter. 3 episodes long instead of the usual 5, but you're getting a full and meaningful story here. A bit heavier on the action scenes than usual, or perhaps it just felt that way because it was more condensed. Top shelf writing, exellent presentation. I haven't read the comics or watched much of the show so I didn't know who Michonne was before playing the game. I didn't feel like this was one of those ""you have to already know the character"" situations, they do a good job of letting you know everything you need to know about her by the end of it without it feeling like the exposition was forced. I love the characters here, you don't get to spend too much time with them but you end up feeling for them and when someone dies you actually care, which isn't something I can say for most games.If you've not played The Walking Dead Season 1 buy it first and foremost. If you've played Season 1 but haven't played Season 2, play it. If you have to choose between the three, always choose Season 1, it's the best we've seen from them so far. But if you've played 1 and 2, by all means pick this up, especially if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,429570,23963329,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,evildagmar,"Unfortunately the cloud save functionality (which winds up being enabled by default) in this game results in local save files being obliterated.  The result is that your decision-making isn't likely to matter much, as once your save file has been blown away the game will simply assume you made certain choices in the previous episodes.Telltale seems to be just ignoring the issue, which is unimpressive considering that the only thing separating this from a computer-generated movie _are_ ones choices."
,Recommended,429570,23918644,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cjscout,"Dank, somthing to hold me till The Walking Dead Season 3 comes out. : ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,429570,23948235,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lukachu Da Pikachu,"Just give me a sec, wiping away some tears~...Okay! So this mini series was really well made, very happy with the result.It got me thinking; could they be using this as a test to TWD season 3? The menu is different for one.You can tell the production value is slightly smaller than the other two seasons, however it didn't stop me from playing it!Pros:Great script, hard choices and a real tear jerker at the end. Characters were enjoyable dispite only getting to know them for three episodes.The music to the sound effects was awesome! Oh and I wasn't prepared for a few spooks, very creative on those parts.Cons:My game did crash once in chapter 2, and a few times it seem to pause on certain clips but managed to keep going. Plus the loading sometimes drag a bit.Conclusion: I'm happy they made this for us :D Something to light the fires once again for the coming of Season 3!Recommened!!"
76561198026153231,Recommended,429570,23948704,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,"I haven`t watched the TWD tv series so I didn`t know the character Michonne when I started playing this. But in this rather short little adventure set in TellTales walking dead world I got to know her. And it was a fun time. Brutal and messy but fun.This miniseries isn`t as good as the first season of the walking dead which is probably because theres less time to get to know the characters and bond to them. While you had five long episodes in the first season with plenty of character time, TWD Michonne throws you into situations and you`re expected to care about some characters just because they`re your group and you have to care about your group. No matter who they are. I liked Pete though. He seemed like a decent guy.And despite some artificial and bad written building of tension - just lemme say `leaving the gate open? What the ♥♥♥♥` - I still enjoyed this little thrill ride. In comparison to the other walking dead games by Telltale you could say that where the first two season were real season like a tv series season and Michonne is the action oriented movie based on the tv series.Less time to get to know everything and everyone, more action, more blood and shorter than the series. If thats does appeal you than go ahead and buy it. It`s a good game.Last I should probably mention that I grabbed it when it was on sale and 50% off. And I can honestly say it was well worth 7 bucks."
76561198041181149,Recommended,429570,31289298,Posted: 21 April,all,✪ Lewis Graham,"I came in not expecting much, based on what others had told me, now that I've finished it.. it is absolutely my favorite TellTale story besides TWD season 1 and tales from the borderlands.(I've played all their games, yes)Just a shame it had to be so short, would have loved some more time with these characters, the only negative I can think of."
,Recommended,429570,33460948,Posted: 11 July,all,Coke Ennyday,"At normal price its 15 dollars for a 3 hour experience. Not worth it at that price. I got it extremely discounted so i loved the value, if you can get it for 3 or less like i did its more than worth it. Amazing storytelling from a company that doesnt require any introductions when it comes for feels trips. Get it if you can wont regret it"
,Recommended,429570,33297553,Posted: 5 July,all,Renesco,"Michonne is the only likable character in this game, but she's really well done. It's worth it just for her story. The rest of the characters are idiots, cowards or emotional wrecks who do nothing but screw up and die all the time, but that doesn't matter because Michonne is all you'll care about.If you liked the other Walking Dead games you'll probably like this, but get it on sale."
,Recommended,429570,33317958,Posted: 6 July,all,Forward2Death,"I love all TWD series, so i would like to give this a try. before i go to try TWD New Frontier. because i need such a trigger before going to climax or the main series. well  it ends well. the story is quite well written. the character development also much better. i like that tbh especially Randal. what minus in this game is, this game is a little buggy. took it long enough when loading, and the story is quite short. It is definitely not worth $15 so just buy this game when it is on sale."
,Recommended,429570,33443837,Posted: 10 July,all,tokvev,"I found it enjoyable for what it is, a miniseries. And as stated in the description this directly ties in with the comic book so unless you follow that you might not get as much enjoyment outta it. All in all it's fun but unless you are a hardcore TWD fan and need every bit of lore wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,429570,33496373,Posted: 12 July,all,G'J,"A história não é das melhores, os personagens são rasos e chatos (nem a Michonne salva).Tive problema com o jogo crasheando uma vez por causa do Cloud Save, mas nada que atrapalhou muito.Masss na questão de lutas e mortes é ótimo.OBS: VALE A PENA APENAS SE FOR PEGO NA PROMOÇÃO."
76561198059614369,Not Recommended,429570,21712610,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,VenomHD,"I originally gave this a positive review and while I do think this game is still mildly enjoyable, I've decided to not recommend this game. It is definitely Telltale's weakest series (that I've played). I just don't want to see them doing this again, they are rushing out too many series as opposed to taking their time and ensuring the quality is there. TWD: Michonne wasn't created with the same passion as TWAU or TWD: S1, and it shows, this game simply isn't memorable.There is fine voice acting, run of the mill QTE's and an okay story where you learn more about Michonne. You'll get something out of playing this if you like these types of games, but you won't be missing out on much by skipping it. If you are determind to buy it, I would say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,429570,33502612,Posted: 13 July,all,mk2305,"The Walking Dead: Michonne is okay, as I think. Rather good story, interesting characters, lots of quick-time events (if you like them),  but it is really short to be immersed in. The full series took just about 5 hours. The game also had some technical issues, with some frame rate drops here and there and some very long loading times. If you enjoyed previous games from Telltale Games you will enjoy this one as well.Highly recommended when it's on SALE. 09/10"
,Recommended,429570,33546717,Posted: 14 July,all,Cheynio,"At Metacritic this gets 67% - harsh. It's just as good looking as the other Walking Dead games and the plot is just as strong. It's not as novel, but it's still consistently gritty.I liked Michonne, a strong lead. Strong and capable, but human, haunted and not a superwoman. Relatable and sympathetic.Definitely worth your time, especially if you can get it cheaply."
76561198320050888,Recommended,429570,32182952,Posted: 4 June,all,een dorito,help : the game looks very cool but i cant play it ! i get killed by the first zombie everytime and i dont get the controls what do i have to press ? but for the rest the game looks great
76561198135603835,Not Recommended,429570,32258434,Posted: 7 June,all,TodboT,"Worst Telltale game I've ever purchased, worst trade deal yet. Sad. I don't care about Michonne's dead kids, I don't like kids. This game has low energy, ok, very low energy."
,Recommended,429570,32287727,Posted: 9 June,all,SynysterChris,"Pretty good overall. This game is a bit shorter than the usual Walking Dead games in the series. Which isn't really a bad thing. The story takes place in a spot where Michonne was absent in the comics. So it ties in real nice if you read the comics.That being said 15 dollars at full price may be a bit steep for abotu 2 hours, but if you like these games it might be worth it. If not i would say just pick it up on steam sale."
,Not Recommended,429570,23249113,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Cyber Ortek,"The worst they designed was not the overkill, but giving critical decisions on chracters that are not familiar enough to be critical for players."
,Recommended,429570,32198383,Posted: 5 June,all,Cheddar Chaz,"I really liked it, always get sucked into these games. Sorter than the others so it ended way to soon. Would love for them to add on to it later. Cant wait till i can afford to buy season 3."
76561198314175015,Recommended,429570,31963792,Posted: 25 May,all,Vine_Dragon,"Spoiler Free!For a miniseries, this game packs quite the punch. Emphasis on MINISERIES. This game is obviously shorter than season 1 & 2, only giving the player about 4 hours of gameplay which is a 1/3 of season 1. However, this game excels in storyline and is able to engage the player, even with no previous knowledge about Michonne's background. The likeable characters and enemies draws the player in and sets them in a journey they'll won't forget nor regret. Decisions matter for the most part and gives us a unique experience every time.Rating: 9.5/10"
76561198047868578,Recommended,429570,31961643,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,Kind of a let down but still worth a play
,Recommended,429570,31998096,Posted: 27 May,all,chad,good game
76561198148566627,Recommended,429570,32118164,Posted: 1 June,all,Eurus H.,Short but good.
,Recommended,429570,32099974,Posted: 31 May,all,Private FML,A nice short telltale experience and a cool look into Michonne's backstory and time on the boat from the comics.This mini game felt more memorable than season 3 of TWD.
76561198052489674,Recommended,429570,32081149,Posted: 31 May,all,r9guy,very short
,Recommended,429570,29003116,Posted: 4 January,all,Ayradd,"Pros:- More action packed compared to the 1st 2 TWD Seasons.Cons:- A little bit short for a Telltale game (3 episodes only).Overall, 1st 2 TWD seasons are great but this one is just good. I wouldn't recommend paying for it at full price. Wait for any Steam Sale before getting it."
,Recommended,429570,28984024,Posted: 3 January,all,KingWeir,"BUT only on sale. There you go review over. If your fan of Telltale’s games, lets be honest you’re going to be getting this regardless, you just wanna know how much money its worth. Well, I got it when it was on 75% off, so I don't feel too hard done by, because this is short, VERY short. Took me 3 hours, that’s 1 hour per episode and even then, I personally felt the 2nd episode seemed the shortest, with the 1st being the longest but I didn’t time each one, so don’t quote me on that, I’m just saying what it felt like. Trying to be spoiler free here, I felt that 1st episode was actually the best of the three, it had story, mystery, and actual environment interaction. From what I remember, episode two was just story, with dialogue options and QTEs thrown in. With the climatic finale, (which given how short the game is, I found it laughable that they threw in a flashback scene to remind you some characters at the start of the game, in a vain attempt to make you care about them) being a lot more talking and more QTE’s and tiny bit, not even worth mentioning actual control over the character but it had been so long that I had control my character I was actually stunned to be given freedom of moment, too a fashion anyway.Sadly because its so short, you never develop any interest in the characters, compared to Season 1, I was no, you can’t kill him/her and replayed scenes, in a vain attempt to have said character live, which then annoyed me, as even though “the story moulds to your choices”, ultimately certain events are scripted but anyway, that’s a gripe for all of Telltale’s games aleast in those ones the, ‘PERSON will remember this’ actually effected something at end game. In this it’s meaningless. But we play these games for the story and its… ok. It’s not as interesting as I first hoped, really it just turns into exactly what you expect is going to happen. Everyone overreacting and especially at the end, trying not to spoil it here, I said what I thought was fair in trade and somehow that made it all go to pot. So I will be replaying that scene to find out if it would make a difference and it’s actually the only choice/consequence that I actually have any interest in replaying unlike like Season 1. So that one statement alone probably tells you all you need to know about this game, you’ll play it once and then it’ll sit in your Steam library unloved forever more."
,Recommended,429570,28987769,Posted: 3 January,all,Kudos Oppenheimer,"it was worth it, really good, doesn't bother that it contains only 3 episodes"
,Recommended,429570,28777709,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vic RattleHead,"Get it while on sale. Go into this episode with a fresh start. Comparing it to the other ones will only make you question why you got it. Personally, I enjoy the story and there are some shocking moments in the game. My only real complaint is that it's too short."
,Recommended,429570,29130159,Posted: 8 January,all,bradleypariah,"The whole game is only three episodes instead of the usual five, and it will only take roughly four hours to complete all of it.  Spend accordingly, but the game is every bit as good as the others in the series.  Five bucks sounds about right."
,Not Recommended,429570,31430952,Posted: 28 April,all,Ashliet,"This is a perfect example of the failing quality of Telltale. It's no secret Telltale have been strethcing themselves thin with too many projects and I think this is a good example, it's buggy to the point I had to restart this game twice which soured me greatly on a game I already wasn't fond of. In short it's not a good game It has some decent moments but yeah it's not a good game Telltale's choices ring hollow and their graphics have lost their charm, it's barely even a game.Unlike their first Walking dead and even their more depressing sequel this is way below those in terms of quality or even effort."
76561198030030425,Recommended,429570,31568036,Posted: 5 May,all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,"It s OK game but nothing more,Episode one is boringEpisode two is OKEpisode three is good.6,5/10"
76561198083636026,Recommended,429570,31613851,Posted: 7 May,all,Mayhem13283,"I honestly nead more Michonne. This is not enough. Not eaven close. Why do you leave me hanging? This is easy to play. It is like watching a movie, but you can do things with your fingers. Not masturbating, but partisipating. Jaiiii. MORE MICHONNE!"
,Not Recommended,429570,33255925,Posted: 4 July,all,dort,"This game made me sleepy.3 hours of gameplay, even at 75% off I felt ripped off."
76561198170025898,Recommended,429570,30879658,Posted: 1 April,all,Carlito,"Did Telltale make their 'The Walking Dead' series better by adding 'The Walking Dead: Michonne'?This is a review that will describe a lot of in game features without spoiling the game or giving my own opinion. My opinion of the game is at the bottom of this review.GRAPHICSThe game looks a lot like the other 'The Walking Dead' games, it didn't change much in that way. You can still change the texture quality to a lower or higher level, depending on what your computer can handle. There were few graphical bugs, sometimes the background tweaked a bit, but that's one of the only cons i've managed to find.CONTROLSThe game uses new features to control Michonne, the in-game protagonist. Featuring (more) click and drag moments and pressing on your keyboard arrows. The old 'Press Q' or 'Press E' features are still frequently used in this game. The controls are - in some moments - very hard to use. For example: sometimes the game needs you to press the right keyboard arrow, although they only show this 3-5 seconds after you could've begon pressing it. This often results in  in-game death. These errors do never occur in battle moments though.STORYThe designers tried to make a complex storyline for Michonne. Through using flashbacks and hallucinations they try to make clear what happened in the past. The story is well worked out, the antagonist is well made. The protagonist (=Michonne) is well worked out as well. The other characters are likable, although you don't really know them as much as you do in other Telltale games.-Season 1: Starts off slow, but it picks up the pace soon after.-Season 2: The choises are getting more and more difficult from now on. The story keeps continuing at a fast pace.-Season 3: The climax of this game is very much like other season finals from the famous 'The Walking Dead' series. It still gives you very tough choices.The story isn't packed with many moments where you have to wander around and find objects and talk to people. This game keeps going and going, gives you choices and basically throws you is an interactive movie.OPINIONThis side story was ejoyable. Michonne's flashbacks and hullucinations are a bore after a while, but they're good elements in the whole story telling experience. I was only attached to one character in this game (not including Michonne), while in other games you usually care about your whole group.These 3 seasons gave me a good overall experience although it was short. I'm happy i bought this game during a sale, i might've been less content if i hadn't done that."
,Recommended,429570,33286108,Posted: 5 July,all,The Jolly Joker,Nice gameplay. Short story. It's really miniseries. Literally. Just buy it on sale.
,Recommended,429570,31007048,Posted: 7 April,all,Triesco | Hutch |,"I love the walking dead. I loved playing this game.Although the ""child"" scenes got repetetive it was all for the amazing story which is extreemly intense.8.5/10 Good Game"
,Recommended,429570,29175803,Posted: 10 January,all,StolenGear,"Yet another fantastic story from tell tale, and if you're a fan of the show, this helps explain some of Michonne's past, while showing what the future of the show may lead to, or even where a story line may lead, before reconnecting to the main one of the show."
76561198119569347,Recommended,429570,29208283,Posted: 12 January,all,DerFrosch57,"It seems to me that this miniserie was a bit more linear than the seasons 1 & 2.Nevertheless, I really enjoyed it and recommend to people who played the seasons for the following reasons:- the pace is good, gives the impression there is more action going on,- I liked playing as Michonne, she's really great!- soundtrack is very entertaining,- the fighting sequences are very good."
76561198065143824,Recommended,429570,29464815,Posted: 24 January,all,mr.tj18,"Game is extremly short. But with that said if you could get it on sale like I did. ( around 5 US bucks) the game is great, and you will enjoy the story and choices you get to make. Would pay 5 bucks again"
76561198014129751,Not Recommended,429570,29456220,Posted: 23 January,all,Frankie,"Simply put, I had all my save files wasted because the cloud save for this game is a mess.I don't know if its because of TTG cloud system messing up with the steam cloud, but in any case, they should've figured it out when the problem was pinpointed.Here it is, almost a year after the game was released and the problem still persists.If you wanna buy this game and go through this issue, just be ready to buy it at a heavy discount and manually save your game files because otherwise the game is gonna mess it up for you.So no, I cannot recommend this game at full price."
76561198017192120,Recommended,429570,29428162,Posted: 22 January,all,Gnk*,"Telltale did it again! Good game, only 3 episodes but very interesting Michonne focused story."
76561198035607585,Not Recommended,429570,29361143,Posted: 19 January,all,Honsy75,"You should only consider purchasing this entry into Telltale's The Walking Dead series is you are a really big fan of Michonne.  Otherwise, you'll likely find yourself bored with the story, annoyed with the actions and decisions of the side characters, and groaning every time Michonne has a vision of her daughters (which usually drags on and on).After loving seasons 1 and 2 of TWD game series, this feels like a hastly put together cash grab."
76561197976684554,Recommended,429570,29411903,Posted: 21 January,all,vinnygamer888,"After playing both seasons 1 and 2, I thought this game was the most polished one. I like the cloud feature to upload the save file to Telltale and also the higher resolution graphics. This game has less puzzles to complete, which I prefer. I like the story more than puzzles."
76561198061724010,Recommended,429570,29389901,Posted: 20 January,all,dayofdead,The combat is fun and I wish there was more!
,Recommended,429570,29362542,Posted: 19 January,all,Quisito,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing fun if youre looking to spend a few bucks, sated my Walking Dead appetite while I wait for the new game"
76561197971196029,Not Recommended,429570,29372668,Posted: 20 January,all,dirkvranken69,"Really liked the first games, but I feel that these games are produced too fast to get a real good story. They did a lot on artwork and gameplay, which is great now, but the story lacks depth. It used to take hours to play episodes, now it goes a lot quicker. And you don't get the same connection with the characters as you did before. Where in the past you had to make harsh decisions because you knew them all well, you know have to choose between characters that you hardly know. If you didn't know who Michone was, you wouldn't have a connection to the game. The writers should take more time to create a story and a background story with each character, in order to make the moral choices harder. I hope they really do a better job with the Marvell game they want to create."
,Recommended,429570,29497105,Posted: 25 January,all,PomidorTomatov🍅,На фоне 2ого сезона мне эта игра нравится больше потому что тута Реал было классно играть
,Recommended,429570,29300722,Posted: 16 January,all,Vanon,"Many other people have already reviewed this game, much better than I could ever hope to. I just want to add a very simple ""thumbs up"" and recommendation here as well. My biggest complaint is the lack of content provided (only a handful of hours). My rating for THE WALKING DEAD: MICHONNE: 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,429570,31016735,Posted: 8 April,all,FetusDeletus,"While true it's not as long as the other games it's still good. There's still great, satifying choices to make. It's a little annoying and disorentating she has weird hallucinations all the time but that's probably the point so you can feel the despair she's in. There's some cheap deaths that were probably necessary to prevent too many characters... but sometimes it feels like it's just to shock you when they're having a less intense monologue moment. That tactic was used in new frontier too."
,Recommended,429570,29724500,Posted: 5 February,all,Joiler Veppers,Its ok..... not great..... just ok.... 6/10
,Recommended,429570,29718072,Posted: 5 February,all,Gimboid,"I love the Telltale episodes and a big fan of the Walking Dead, this is a good and entertaining episode and a nice story filler for Michonne."
,Recommended,429570,30085617,Posted: 21 February,all,TrapClap™,10/10
76561198003366436,Recommended,429570,30102251,Posted: 22 February,all,Enforcer,Damn good worth the buy.
76561197970755187,Recommended,429570,29889959,Posted: 12 February,all,MGarceau,"With huanting memories of the dead, Michonne, the iconic character from this series, who already struggles to survive the apocolypse, grapples with haunting memories hammering at her psychy, which may just seal her fate. You decide.Long sentences aside, this mini-series is well done, but does not reach the emotional highs of the main series (Seasons 1, 2, and part of 3 released at time of this writing). And with the same gameplay, violence, and penchant for the macabre, veterans of the source-material will feel right at home as they experience the same tropes, but with different faces to look at.A worthy story game, just not a very memorable one."
,Not Recommended,429570,29799642,Posted: 9 February,all,NUBLIFE,There are two stories in this game being told. Both are constantly fighting for your attention and neither of them win. Instead they both lose. This makes it the only Telltales game I don't reccomend. Get it if some of the characters are in Season 3. Otherwise its up to you.
76561198072099327,Recommended,429570,29851074,Posted: 11 February,all,atlantisflygirl,"The game, is very short, even for a Telltale title. However, it was very gripping and if you enjoy the character of Michonne, a perfect story. It isn't as good as the first season of the games, but if you're a walking dead fan and it's on offer, as was this one, you should definitely check it out."
76561198014024811,Recommended,429570,29706096,Posted: 4 February,all,Nirav,Really enjoyed the game!If you loved the other Walking Dead games form Telltale its a must buy!On the downside you dont get a lot of playtime. Consider it more as  an interactive movie.
76561197979046538,Recommended,429570,29767593,Posted: 7 February,all,Nathan Explosion,Rather short but pretty good.
,Recommended,429570,29780775,Posted: 8 February,all,General M-13,"Donated to me by one of my lovely viewersStreamed this game, played through the story twice to get the full experience.Same as with all Telltale games: every choice you make has a concequence.Sadly enough it boils down to the same ending eventually.Nontheless it's a lovely game with a lot of story and a few tearjerkers.a must for people that enjoy Story-driven games.General M-13twitch.tv/generalm13"
,Recommended,429570,29607131,Posted: 31 January,all,Whitesnowpaw,"Honestly even if it's a short game, aprox. 4h of Story, it is very very good and worth to be bought!The protagonist Michonne is a mother who is drowning in guilt for leaving her 2 daughters throughout the Story.Which is never a forgotten feature, Ive seen it too often that characters suddenly forget their mental illness throughout the game but even in the ending, it remains part of her.------A few characters haven't been good described and their story wasnt explained too well, that's the only downside I see (besides a few graphic glitches which arent too bad)The violence and badassery haven't been lacking at all and the ambience and atmosphere are spot on most of the time.------Also openly gay couple! ♥8/10"
,Recommended,429570,29596773,Posted: 30 January,all,Kuya Ayan,"9/10The Good:Good soundtrackExcellent pacing of action scenesShows a great deal of Michonne's psycheSkippable Credits!The Bad:Some flat responses from MichonneCloud fails to save sometimesSome cutscenes stutterMake no mistake. This is a ""miniseries"" but in my opinion, this is better than the first two seasons of Telltale's The Walking Dead. It has the right balance of action and horror. Almost everything is perfectly executed. Buy this game."
76561198017257617,Not Recommended,429570,29598914,Posted: 30 January,all,★Kazuma,"good game if you like telltale games,But the story isn't as great as the other ones,Gameplay is also sadly pretty short."
76561198065045336,Recommended,429570,31017188,Posted: 8 April,all,No Gooners,"I am very frustrated that i was put off by reviewers as this game proved to be well worth the price i paid. If you compare it to other telltale games youre going to be a bit dissapointed, it's a mini series after all but a good one. To break it down simply and without spoilers:Good plot - YesMemorable characters - A fewTough Decisions - LotsGood Mechanics - YesGood Soundtrack - Fantastically suited to the gameAn incredible ending - Admittedly not superb but good for what it isAnd despite it being a mini series LOTS OF REPLAY VALUE makes it feel like its worth more.Overall I would definitely reccommend this, whether you are a fan of the series or just Telltale in general (or even if you're a fan of neither, Telltale are just that good).Big Thumbs Up"
,Recommended,429570,29587609,Posted: 30 January,all,Great Grand Soap,Not many games have as good of storytelling as Walking Dead: Michonne does nor is there many games that make me feel as badass as this one does. Great soundtrack and art design as well.Only complaint is it's not well optimized on a lot of systems and it still feels kind of short. Overall though I would definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,429570,29323778,Posted: 17 January,all,abthoclo,"I loved playing as Michonne. She's such a great character. Too bad it was a miniseries :( Now comparing it to season 1 and 2: I'd say you don't get as attatched to the characters and the storyline is weaker, which makes the game feel a bit dull overall.I did enjoy playing it, though! The atmosphere and music were sooo good!"
,Not Recommended,429570,31537462,Posted: 4 May,all,Kuma,Same thing different character. Many of the same decisions to make and same consequences.But there is a boat this time...TWD Gets On A Boat somewhat.
,Recommended,429570,29386357,Posted: 20 January,all,FrenchWaffle,good game
,Recommended,429570,32731299,Posted: 24 June,all,Jindall,A very short tale with Michonne as the main character.
,Recommended,429570,32746305,Posted: 24 June,all,llaamari,"ZZzzzzZZZ... oh sorry fell asleep while watching that long♥♥♥♥♥dialogue. I knew it wouldn't be long, but it still felt like incomplete. Nice design, and also a very powerful story about how far a mother would go for her children."
,Recommended,429570,32726770,Posted: 24 June,all,Llednar,"I absolutely loved the original Walking Dead Seasons, this one is fantastic and worth the $20 as long as you don't mind a new character. This series is more focused on Michonne's physicological struggle from her past instead of a physical struggle like the original series and this one is more action-scene oriented. The game was amazing and it's not quite as emotional as the series, but that may just be because it's not clementines story. I got this game on the Summer sale for a major discount, but having beaten the game, I would have spent $20 on it so long as you don't mind a new story that isn't quite as good as the original telltale walking dead. In terms of length I still spent 6 hours on this game to complete it. It feels short but it's not."
,Recommended,429570,32887016,Posted: 27 June,all,Kuraido,a peek at Michonne's backstory; a roller coaster of emotions
,Recommended,429570,32959390,Posted: 28 June,all,AchoDycho,"This is a tough one. I love the camera movement much more in this game than the previous two, too many quicktime events for my taste. The characters feel real but I wish they would have more backstory for their deaths to actually mean anything.This game is not necessary for following the story of Clementine and not worth picking up at full price. It's way too short for $15 but it's a nice experience if you get it in The Walking Dead Bundle at a discounted price."
,Recommended,429570,32513709,Posted: 17 June,all,Soldier Of Fondue,"Story isn't as good as the first two WD series, but it is still okay.overall: okay."
,Not Recommended,429570,32545123,Posted: 18 June,all,HipHopBlond,"Honestly the previous episodes were way better, this game is quite short I would say... I didn't even realised that it enided untill I saw I was at the last episode... I really hope the new frontier has more to offer. On the bright side controls are ok, settings take some tweaking and the compatibility with xbox controllers is perfect.... not much else to say."
,Recommended,429570,33637020,Posted: 18 July,all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"I knew that going into Season 2 I would start feeling like TWD had lost its edge and hoped the Michonne miniseries would be better. And it was.Genuine sadness and attachment in 3 short episodes. Grew to really love Michonne as a person and character. Thoroughly enjoyed my time in this game.Technically speaking, I had more issues here than with other Telltale games. Long loading screens, a couple freezes, overall resulting in rebooting my computer a few times over the course of the series. BUT not sure if the game or the computer. Just be aware.Still worth getting despite that, though."
76561197981430961,Recommended,429570,33760519,Posted: 24 July,all,PathosFlame,"The Walking Dead: Michonne is an entertaining, if rather short, game. The three episodes offer a variety of choices and an ensemble of interesting characters. I enjoyed playing as the tough, katana wielding Michonne very much. Definetly a recommendable entry to the Walking Dead series."
,Recommended,429570,33793323,Posted: 25 July,all,Aly ★,"I love the story behind this. It's creative and personal.It is very short compared to the other TWD games though.. Other than that, this is an amazing game."
76561197969078617,Recommended,429570,33755973,Posted: 23 July,all,[GCI]-Flynn,The soundtrack is really what made this game hit home for me
,Recommended,429570,33694721,Posted: 21 July,all,Ducard,"It's such a cool game,it feels great to play as Michonne."
,Recommended,429570,33643929,Posted: 18 July,all,[s§s]JaySea,It was okay but it sucked compared to the first 2 games(The walking dead season one and two)had high hopes for it as i like michonnes character as a whole.but was still pretty decent
76561198300889586,Recommended,429570,33879994,Posted: 29 July,all,CuriousCaiden,This game is short but Michonne is awesome and the graphics for Telltale games are amazing!
,Recommended,429570,33830610,Posted: 27 July,all,L4ught3r,"This game is pretty lacking, but one thing I love and even more than the other TWD games the characters.They are all different in they're own ways some nice some evil.Your main focus is to survive and protect your friends.You choose different options with different outcomes.But what can I say it's a Walking Dead game.I give it a thumbs up but I'm not really sure."
76561197982920009,Recommended,429570,34016736,Posted: 4 August,all,Scout,Another great game by Telltale. This one is a lot shorter than the others but the story was on par with the other walking dead games they've made. Does a very good job of pulling you in and I look forward to more episodes/games to come.
,Recommended,429570,34178712,Posted: 11 August,all,TheLimpBanana,What a great mini series! I loved every minute playing this probably because I love Michonne but not only was it great for the storyline but the additional complexity in the gameplay. It was great to mix it up by pressing combinations of buttons to slaughter walkers!
76561198122277597,Recommended,429570,34436267,Posted: 23 August,all,MACHINESofGOD777,"I like the 1st two games better. This was a good story though. Although some of what took place in the game was kind of odd and maybe it made the story a little bit dumb. Why would you not shut the gate? I give it a thumbs up because it was fun, it may of had dumb moments, still fun though. I did buy it on sale, I can't really say if it is worth full price. I didn't play the game much, it had a lot more cut sceens in this game, some of the reason I liked the 1st two games better. You played the game more. There did seem to be long loading times when I don't think it should have taken that long. I would buy it on sale, and if you have not played the 1st two. Play them 1st."
,Recommended,429570,30833521,Posted: 30 March,all,Ame Kan,"I'm a fan of The Walking Dead, the game itself is short but the plot is good. The characters are interesting. The first impression of the game 9/10. Less because of the fact that the game can be completed in 4 hours."
76561198013439284,Not Recommended,429570,34159940,Posted: 10 August,all,weedmasta,"More hardcore than the actual game tbh although way too short and the story is kinda borked. Definately not worth the price, I suggest waiting for sales and get it cheap like I did.p.s. I agree with some of the people here saying the Sam character is bogus.She pulls a gun on you and yet gets angry when you say you are not with her when you get captured as if you owe her something and it is never mentioned again.They definately ♥♥♥♥ed up on the story there. Shame so much potential being wasted on lazy writing."
,Not Recommended,429570,34276696,Posted: 16 August,all,リューク,"only 3 episodes, not like this"
,Recommended,429570,33875366,Posted: 29 July,all,Peariden,"Actually that was much better than i expected, intro was great, story was beautiful, killing walkers with katana was enjoyable.If you kinda wonder Michonne's life this game deserve a shot,Someone will be die in sufferbut it's up to your choicehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1096350912"
,Recommended,429570,34344393,Posted: 19 August,all,Twisty,"Too Much Walking Dead, Not Enough Michonne"
,Recommended,429570,34256947,Posted: 15 August,all,ryanrx,"An interesting spinoff to The Walking Dead game series, which fans of both the games, comics and show can enjoy."
,Recommended,429570,34563396,Posted: 28 August,all,Protegent,I loved this Mini Series. I hope Tell Tale do more of these. The Plot was amazing. Graphics are good. Characters were amazing and had good traits.10/10
,Recommended,429570,34533255,Posted: 27 August,all,Mia,The best Telltale game i have ever played...The content length is short but michonne with her katana was awsome...Only hate the cheap graphics... but the atmosphere was sood that graphics didnt matter..They also didnt overdid the Intense gore and violence..it was just pervectly placed...
76561198146705253,Recommended,429570,34611477,Posted: 30 August,all,candieliv,"One of the most intense Telltale Games I have ever played. This game is amazing, the story is amazing, the gore is amazing, the everything is. The only problem I have with it is that it is hard to play on keyboard. Strongly Reccomend."
76561197974211344,Not Recommended,429570,34718434,Posted: 3 September,all,Geodry,"A boring story with characters who don't matter at all. The dialogue and decisions don't suit Michonne's character. Not recommended for anyone, does not provide anything extra to Michonne's story."
,Recommended,429570,32222976,Posted: 6 June,all,KevieJS,Good solid telltale game well worth the money
76561197988566726,Recommended,429570,34660951,Posted: 1 September,all,Grim Jester,"Every time I play one of these Walking Dead Telltale games, I say the same thing, but overall, I have to give it a thumbs up. They are very polished when it comes to story telling, and style. The graphics and music are top notch. Essentially, it will keep you engaged if you like the genre.I only have two criticisms of this game.The first is the illusion of choice. When the game does allow you a choice, keep in mind that you will mostly likely end up in the same place, but perhaps with, or without some non-crucial characters with you. It's understandable that this happens, but don't go thinking that your story is so much different than someone else's. Now, the game will tell you how many other people made the same choice as you did at different points, and that is kind of fun.The other problem, and for some reason, it felt worse with this game, is that the ""Dragon's Lair"" game mechanics are needlessly rough. For challenges where you have to aim the cursor quickly over a target, you'll find that the cursor is faded into the background, making the challenge pointlessly difficult. One other time, when the game tells you to mash a a bunch of buttons at the right time, it's unclear if it's supposed to be sequential, or at the same time.The problem with these interface issues is that playing a scene over and over again takes you out of immersion, which ruins what Telltale does so well. Failure is okay, but failure due to a bad interface choice is needlessly frustrating.None of these issues should stop you from buying the game though. I'm only mentioning it on the off chance that the developer reads this."
,Not Recommended,429570,35051991,Posted: 18 September,all,aNILEator,"Whilst not a bad game it's not as good as the other TellTale games.The story just isn't engaging enough to hold your attention, it feels a lot longer than it is whilst you still get no emotional attachment to any characters aside from MIchonne, knowing that your choices mean very little to this miniature spin-off story arc you'll have more fun being a bit more ruthless with your actions."
76561198354562094,Not Recommended,429570,29171026,Posted: 10 January,all,Kittenlynne,hate it so much does not work and idk how to refund
76561198260713938,Recommended,429570,35213728,Posted: 25 September,all,jakegator,the game is good if you like the walking dead
,Not Recommended,429570,32464519,Posted: 15 June,all,zero-drogues,"This is a decent game if you like Telltale games; however, the quality of the writing is definitely a bit worse than the first two seasons of TWD game. There were some plot points that made me shake my head because it was completely illogical, or characters would do stupid things that don't entirely make sense. I didn't feel as many emotions as I normally do playing these games, and it was a bit too short. The voice acting was really good though.Overall, I would recommend this to people that already like other Telltale games, but I'm not sure if I would recommend it to people who have never played Telltale games before. Definitely wait to buy it during a sale! I wouldn't pay full price."
