user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,429660,32707524,Posted: 23 June,all,Zezima,"I wanted to wait until I beat it to write a review but at 60 hours in, the game is already so good I feel compelled to.This is probably one of the best action JRPGs you will find on PC, and certainly the height of the Tales series (disclaimer: I've played a handful, but not nearly all of them). Let's dive right into what makes Berseria great, and where it's a bit lacking:- The story is engrossing. Yes, it's JRPG, and it's Tales, so there's bound to be clichés and tropes, but Berseria strikes the perfect balance of not taking itself too seriously while presenting you with relatable characters in genuinely compelling scenarios. You can have fun, but still feel invested, and there's enough sub-plots to keep you interested in ALL of the main cast.- The combat is bleeding edge, joyous, chaotic mayhem. It's super fast paced, and between juggling enemy types to trigger status effects to fill your Soul Gauge to use Break Souls to feed your Mystic Artes (which you'll want to properly time to get grade bonuses, among other things), there is always a strategy to be refined on the battlefield if you are a grinder, min-maxer, or whatever. That isn't to say mastering the mechanics is a necessity. There are plenty of tools and difficulty settings to tweak the combat difficulty to your liking. Me? I crank that **** up to Intense ASAP and get to work melting wave after wave of demons in Dangerous Encounters (and all the better if you get a Dire Foe afterwards - seriously, these are some of the best, most heated moments of the game!).- The cast is fantastic and the writing is strong. This is hands down the biggest strength for me. Despite being yet another title in a genre as saturated as JRPG (in a series as dense as Tales, no less), the main characters manage to have very distinct personalities and motivations, and are just the right amount of ""morally grey"" to be likable without being obnoxious. They start off as somewhat standoffish misfits, cooperating only to pursue their personal opportunistic goals, but over time you will see them grow together in a way that is believable. There's also something deeply satisfying about being able to play as a team of blatant criminals, as opposed to the white knights, royalty, and chosen ones we've grown so tired of. And beyond that, even the side cast of characters does a great job of complementing and bouncing off of the main cast. The villains do seem a bit one dimensional, and I fear the ""big bad"" twist is going to end up being predictable, but it's a small bump on an otherwise fantastic journey. Final note on this - the themes and the tones are appropriately adult. The language feels natural and there is swearing and innuendo in all the right places, never beating you over the head with it.- The pacing is good. The intro/tutorial segment is the perfect length (some Tales games have ones that drag on ENTIRELY too long, not the case here), and you will periodically unlock new mechanics to keep the gameplay fresh. You will actually acquire all the party members pretty early on in the game, although this is preferable due to how the equipment mastery system works.- Great customization options. The arte pools are huge, and the trees are fully customizable. I've used Velvet almost exclusively for the first 60 hours, but I can tell there is still plenty to unlock for her and the rest of the cast seems to have their own fun, unique playstyles as well. Because of how fast paced the combat is, I don't find myself switching primary fighters as much as previous Tales games, but Berseria actually makes it even easier by allowing you to swap mid-battle, mid-combo. Lots of fashion options, lots of equipment flavors, and a mastery system that makes it fairly compelling to keep different sets of equipment around (and tweak until your playstyle is content).- The world map is expansive, but the areas can be a bit samey, and the puzzles are definitely nothing groundbreaking. Pretty middle of the road for JRPG, so just don't expect anything impressive there. I find myself constantly looking back to Symphonia as the holy grail of Tales world maps, as I've yet to see that one be outdone.- The voice acting is good. I've only listened to the dub, as the English VAs are more than serviceable. The main cast are all great. The NPCs are not as varied as I'd like or as I have seen in previous Tales games, but again a pretty small nitpick. Nearly all cutscenes and skits are fully voiced, though, so there is a truly dense amount of lore and worldbuilding going on, if you are into it (I am).- The visuals are aesthetically pleasing. Watch some videos. It should be clear that Berseria is not pushing next gen graphic fidelity. Instead it goes for a colorful, eye-popping art style that does the game justice.- The music is good. The tracks set the appropriate moods, and have enough depth to be enjoyable from moment to moment, but I honestly didn't find much in the way of ""holy **** I need to go download this right NOW"" kind of songs. Still, I would say a bit above average in terms of video game music.In summary, this is a must-buy for Tales fans, but still a heavily encouraged purchase for JRPG fans, action RPG fans, or someone looking to try out the genre. If you haven't tried the series before, don't worry about needing to start at the beginning. You can jump right into this without any issues and you'll find yourself getting giddy with glee as you literally hack through swaths of demons like they were hot butter in no time: I guarantee it."
,Recommended,429660,32727517,Posted: 24 June,all,D.Va Degenerate,"I think the only bad thing I can say about this game is that a lot of the environments just seem pretty bland and the dungeon layouts can be irritating at times. I also wish that it looked nicer overall. Velvet could also use some better costume options :sThat aside, the game has a wonderful story and the entire group of characters are all lovable. The combat is somewhat deep and also quite fun. You can definitely tell that a lot of care and love was put into this game.This was my first Tales of game and now I'm definitely going to be looking to play more! Easily my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,429660,32749446,Posted: 24 June,all,Edgar Allen Drone,"Do you like great story telling?Do you like JRPG's?Well, there's a reason you see ""Overwhemingly positive"" on the reviews.Treat yourself."
,Recommended,429660,29540023,Posted: 28 January,all,Dri,"A JRPG in which your starting party is an angry vengeful demon, a psychopath with a sword, a merciless pirate and a brainwashed child you literally kidnap and take on dangerous adventures with for endgoal to kill King Arthur because he made the world a better place and you just can't accept saving the world was worth one life.Also the battle system is majorly improved over Zestiria and Xillia/Xillia2."
,Recommended,429660,31953358,Posted: 25 May,all,Carny Senpai,"So after about 70 hours i finished the story of Tales of Berseria. I did not download any item packs and played on normal difficulty. I´ll just jump right into the review.GraphicsIt fullfills its purpose. It is not espeacially good or bad. The characters are well designed and the animated scenes are beautiful. But tbh, i don´t really care about the graphic quality in this game.SoundFirst of all the soundtrack is amazing. No other than Motoi Sakuraba composed the soundtrack. It really has a big role in the atmosphere of the game. This is what i call art. Every scene is accompanied by a track, that fits perfectly. Joy, happiness or sadness, even the funny parts feel authentic.Now the dub. Everything in this game is dubbed. The dubbing actors did an amazingly good job. I have no reason to play the Newgame+ with japanese dub. The english dub is by far better than expected and i´ll stick to that.BUT this game has a bug. Many people cannot hear certain sounds when using 5.1 surround sound. In this case you also cannot hear the dub. Using the stereo mode fixes this problem, but can cause other sound issues. I recommend using a fix for that (just google it and you will find it).GameplayThe battle system is in realtime and pretty good, but not well explained. You have to figure out some stuff on your own. Tbh, i liked figuring stuff out, but i can see people being annoyed, because certain actions/skills don´t work they way they expected it. The items and ability system is easy to understand and the game is beatable without focussing too much on optimization. If you want to master every equipment or make very effective combos in battles it becomes a little bit more complex.Outside from fights in dungeons you have to walk a bit until you unlock certain teleportation points. Outside from dungeons there is a quick travel system that is bound to a consumeable item. Since you should have absolutely no money problems, it is no problem to buy nearly endless of this stuff.At a certain point ingame i nearly stopped caring about anything that has to do with gameplay, because the story gets such a strong peak, you could have given me 2d jump´n´run gameplay and i would have enjoyed this game.AtmosphereNow some of the more important parts. The atmosphere in this game is convincing. I felt like i was part of the world ingame. This is achieved by the amazing soundtrack and also by many other little things. For example small conversations between characters (which are also dubbed) or even some background noises.The characters all have their motivations to do whatever they do and no one feels out of place. There are many scenes where i thought: ""Oh god no, why did you say that?"" The first time was the point where my mindset changed. These characters HAVE a personality. Each of them. And the game is not afraid of showing this.The characters develop while progressing in game. Everything happens for a reason. To fully understand what happened with some characters i had to rewatch scenes or let whatever happened rewind in my head. I paused the game many times, just being stunned, waiting for my brain to comprehend the situation.StoryWow, what can i say about the story. I don´t know, i am speechless. The story in itself is kind of sinister and gets darker, especially when you understand why certain things happend. While the game starts a bit slow it quickly gets to a point where i stopped thinking this is a game. I stopped ""playing"" it and started ""experiencing"" it. My emotional state was decided by the happenings in game. I felt joy, i laughed, i was angry, i even cried a few times. This story hits you hard with emotions. And this is coming from a guy who stopped playing story focused game long ago and thought he was more of a cold, emotionless guy.tl;dr:All i can say is i am absolutely overwhelmed by this masterpiece. Don´t get scared away if you think the beginning is slow or boring. If you are only interested a little bit in JRPGs or just want want to experience a great stroy, because most of the animes released nowadays are boring, i definetly recommend this game. I also recommend watching the trailer ""The Calamity and The Blade"", which is english dubbed, since steam only has the ""The Flame"" trailer.This is the best game i have ever played."
,Recommended,429660,29578451,Posted: 29 January,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros-Fast paced intuitive combat.-Solid visuals and animations. Cutscenes are nice. Character models and expressions are great.-Interesting story theme.-A lot of content, very long game even when you're moving through it at a fast pace.-Great HUD for finding points of interest and next plot point.-Tag switch mechanic is fun. Soul Break mechanic is fun.-A good amount of side content with interesting rewards. Unlocking some costumes felt rewarding.Cons-Bloated and repetitive dungeon design as you progress in the game-Arena is beyond average-Weakness/Resistance/Stagger system is really wacky. Combos feel super RNG unless you heavily spec yourself with stats and hitstun modifiers-Lack of good ways to enjoy the combat system post game-Combat is fun, but becomes very mashy at times-decent songs in the soundtrackNeutral-Minigames range from simple and fun to grindy-Game is long and packed.-A lot of the recycling, but that's a tales standard at this point.-Difficulty is average overallNote:this may seem like a backstory for Tales Of Zesteria if you ever finish the game till the end and do every side quest to know the full content of the story. Should You get this game, only if you are Tales Fans and i certainly this game will be worth your time and money and pack full of content than the previous Tales installment beside my Favorite Tales Of Symphonia."
76561198122941371,Recommended,429660,33159531,Posted: 2 July,all,Forlorn Jester,"A game I wish I could forget entirely so I can go back and play again for the first time. The world is large, the quests are plentiful, and the story reads like a top teir play. The usual archetypes are introduced but as the game marches on they're abandoned and the depth of each character shines through.Pros:-Story-Combat (Insanity is level to shoot for, if it's too easy, you're on the wrong difficulty)-Playtime-MusicCons:-JRPG Dialogue, prepare for the grunts and cheesy emotions-Weapon system feels abritrary at times, no reason to give up certain gear for a long time"
,Recommended,429660,30047561,Posted: 19 February,all,M-Vortex,"Story: 9.5/10Characters: 8/10Combat: 9.5/10FPS : 60/60---------------------Overall: 9.5/10Pros:+ The story is not your average save-the-world heroic stuff, instead it's dark and twisted.+ The combat system is the best among all Tales' games and is easy to understand.+ There are strong enemies if you like a good challenge (such as ""Dire"" foes).+ New Game+ is filled with interesting options, so starting another run is worth it.+ 60 FPS.+ New battle camera.+ Quick save option.Cons:- Some characters may be annoying.- Music is not as good as other Tales' games.- Dungeons look better than in Zestiria, but some require a lot of time and running around to finish.Note:You don't need to play Zestiria before this one to understand the story, but doing so will make Berseria much more enjoyable since it will show how Zestiria came to be. Alternatively, you can play Zestiria after Berseria. Whichever you choose will make you experience the story in a slightly different way."
76561198035901164,Recommended,429660,33958304,Posted: 1 August,all,Rytenule,"As someone that pre-ordered Zesteria just to see Tales come to PC and ended up terribly disapointed in that game, if a cent of that money helped to make sure Beseria hit steam I'll consider the lot of it well spent.As I imagine many Tales fans can say, I got started on the series with Symphonia and it still stands as one of my favorite JRPGs, but Berseria might actually edge it out for the best Tales game in my heart. It's a straight upgrade on Zesteria's combat despite being in the same engine, and it is the most unique story of the Tales series.The surface level visual design might be off putting to people who don't enjoy anime style things (a group I generally include myself in) and the first few hours of actual gameplay are kind of sickly sweet to set up the turn to a much darker story than we're used to in the protagonist of a colorful JRPG.The game finds it's pace with the characters swiftly and the party that grows around Velvet are (with a couple exceptions) generally not good, nice, heroic folks without trying to turn everything into a grimdark edgefest. This isn't a group of 'anti-heroes' who go around doing all the good things and make a few mean comments. Velvet, and by extension the rest of the party, do some legitimately horrible things and don't harbor any remorse for them. Their motives are impure, their actions selfish and dangerous, and their leader isn't doing things to save the world.But it doesn't get lost in it's own darker themes constantly. There are moments of levity and most of the world and it's music aren't there to oppress you into needing a bottle of xanex to finish the story. The interactions between the party, their growth as characters, and how the world is shaped by their actions is openly fun while still leaving plenty of room for the heavy scenes to hit with the weight they deserve. A lot of games can make me smile, laugh, and chuckle, but this game was able to do that and also jerk a few tears now and then.No numbers, just play the damn game. It's worth it."
76561197977135707,Recommended,429660,29623660,Posted: 1 February,all,lordhelmos,"So far the best tales game I've played,No other party has captured the essence of what it means to be a rogue.  This isn't the story about people trying to save the world, its a story about people who were rejected by the world that they live in.  The change is refreshing and entertaining as hell.These are not nice people.  The party does some pretty controversial things, but there is also an understanding that comes with the way their story is presented.  It's nice to see that the story isn't driven by some greater good, but by personal vendettas and goals.It's nice to see the character flaws presented so well and critical decision being driven by impulsive emotions instead of a hero's unflawed moral compass.The story is definitely the best draw.  The combat is also incredibly fun, with each character playing well into their personality types.  This is especially true for Velvet, who plays like a screaming freight train that just rolls over everything with rage.Dungeons and exploration is meh, but I didn't see it as too much of an issue.  The games engaging story and fun combat more than makes up for it.  I run this at full screen maxed out, no issues.  AI bug is there, but I'm sure this will be fixed and really you don't need strong AI if you combo right.  The difficulty is adjustable and I never found it too hard to bar me from the current story.To be honest, I am enjoying this far more than FF15.  The animation scenes are also incredibly well done.  Also despite what people say, I find the english VAs to be fine.Definitely fully recommend."
,Recommended,429660,30619442,Posted: 19 March,all,fibonacci neptune,"Wow, what can i say about this game? If you like RPGs, play this game. Even if you don't, play this game (but put it on easy!!)I bought it immediately after finishing Tales of Zestiria, which was my first contact with the Tales series. if zestiria was a nice train ride through tried-and-tested JRPG tropes, Berseria is a roller coaster that has flown off of the rails.I don't think I've ever had a game affect me emotionally on this level since The Last of Us. My first playthrough took 43 hours, and that was doing every side quest that the game put on my map. Where Zestiria's cast was likeable, Berseria's cast feels unreplaceable.The worst part about this game is that it ends. If given the option, I would spend hundreds of hours with these characters. I truly, truly love this game,  and I don't think I will ever forget it."
,Recommended,429660,32811967,Posted: 26 June,all,Straylize Er'ther,"Berseria First Impression (compared to Zestiria)So first of all I'm going to say I love Zestiria and I've spent so many hours on that game (maybe not as many as you think), I think it was one of the greatest Tales of games, and I finally bought Berseria which is a distant prequel to Zestiria.There are some terms in Berseria that maybe similar or familiar to you if you played Zestiria, this is quite interesting because it's like the same concept but told in a different way, so you can also feel how those two games connect to each other.In Zestiria you'll have a generic hero main character, yeah you know right? Like in all those classic JRPGs, but in Berseria you'll have the opposite, yup, an anti-hero main character who want to kill a hero character, so that's the most interesting part in my opinion.Now let's talk about the pros cons shall we?pros:+ Better performance than Zestiria. (MUCH BETTER).+ Combat is lot more fun than Zestiria because you can do a lot of attack combinations like in a fighting game.+ You can also move the camera during combat now.+ Have deeper and more emotional story than Zestiria.+ Longer playtime.cons:- costume BGM only changes the combat BGM, victory fanfare is always default. (cmiiw, I don't know about other costumes but this did happen in idolm@ster DLC costume)I think that's it for now, this review might change in the future because I haven't finish this game yet.I've finished the game yeay, the ending was good, I like it, but for me that ending was rather dull compared to Zestiria's, maybe because I was expecting a bad ending just like many people said about this game, but no, it's not a bad ending, it was a good ending, trust me, and honestly Zestiria's ending was more sad than this game's ending, not gonna spoil anything though, but that's how I felt.overall, this game have a deep and emotional story, and better control on the battle system, also the game soundtrack that always fit with the situation and control your emotion, this game is absolute masterpiece.Also a tip from me if you haven't play Zestiria yet, don't play this game first, or you won't find the awesomeness of Zestiria and you'll just become a person who always say Berseria ismuchbetter than Zestiria, hell no, both games are good in their own way.Why penguin called bird if they can't fly?Because each birds have their own purpose and they are good in their own way."
,Recommended,429660,29512461,Posted: 26 January,all,Riley,"Blows Zestiria right out of the water. Berseria is incredible, the characters are well-written, the plot is really good and darker than your average Tales (and your average JRPG for that matter), and the combat gameplay is the best I've experienced in a Tales game. 9.5/10EDIT: I've also played the game fully on PS4."
,Recommended,429660,29938828,Posted: 15 February,all,SiegDere,Velvet is RedEleanor's jacket is blueThe best girl in this game is Magilou
76561197997378672,Recommended,429660,29547301,Posted: 28 January,all,Suzie Quatro,"Remember how bland Zestiria's gameplay was? Fixed.Remember how boring the characters were? Fixed.Remember the awful equipment system? Fixed.I was expecting this too just be a clone of Zestiria, but they did an amzaing job with this one fam."
,Recommended,429660,29512666,Posted: 26 January,all,Sovereign Kitten,"If you have any questions, don't be afraid to ask me. I reached the character limit.It's like if you took the personalities ofPhantasiaIt's like if you took the combat ofGracesand improved it.It's like if you took the dark story ofXILLIA 2and mashed them all together.It's practically the embodyment of what makes a Tales game.Quirky CharactersGraces CombatCharacter DevelopmentTONS of backstoryTons of Mini-GamesA Solid StoryDarkest in the franchise XILLIA 2 coming in second & much more, too much for review limit.The ability to fully custimize your add-ons colors, position and size is great it lets you, be you. You rock that cowboy hat sized up to 200% with a 200% sized mustache girl~I have been answering a lot of peoples questions regarding this installation to the franchise.The Frame rate is maxed at 60, the graphics are what you can expect from a console game, if you're so much of a baby go to the forums and wait for [Kaldaien] to update you with the latest and greatest fancy eye candy, it's pinned to the board.Let me start by saying. I have been a huge fan of Tales of ""Series"" ever since I played their more popular game titles like Tales of ""Symphonia"" way back on the Nintendo Gamecube with over 800 hours invested in it with god knows how many playthroughs 8-9-10? I am overjoyed to see Bandai Namco reach out to more than just consoles and continue to give us more titles to PC cause it sure as hell beats buying new gen consoles.This is why I love them so much.They still follow the old business model for video games no matter what happens.(Trial and Error)Be it for the video game or for the very platforms they are being sold to, SNES, XBOX, PLAYSTATION, PC they are not stingy with being exclusive only to compete with others they actually care about their community, just look at what happened with Tales of Zesteria (Alisha's side story)I have since gone back an played a majority of their first games including...Tales of ""Phantasia""(Holy f... so much fun especially for a SNES game)Tales of ""Destiny""(Fing...Passport Finding Simulator...)Tales of ""Eternia""(Those voice actors tho...)Tales of ""Destiny 2""(By far the best sequel storywise that made sense)Besides these I have also played...Tales of ""Symphonia""over 800 hours of gameplay on record.Tales of ""Symphonia Dawn of the new world""It wasn't the best... but it was something newTales of ""The Abyss""I absolutely hated LUKE for the majority of the game until he grew up, that spoiled brat...Tales of ""Vesperia""Blah Blah Blah TIDAL WAVE! ~Rita MordioTales of ""Graces F""so far the BEST combat in the entire franchise(Story could have been better...)Tales of ""Xillia""I didn't really get the idea of what was going on, it felt out of place etcTales of ""Xillia 2""a huge improvement on Xillia with new combat + choice making.Tales of ""Zestiria""quite a repetative and really slow kind of pace, did not really enjoy it as much as previous titles but I played it nonetheless.All of which were well over 100 hours of gameplay indept storyline and character backstories for a majority of them. Achievments, costumes from the first titles as a nostalgic thing they just had everything down right.Tales of ""Berseria""is the same in that regard hundreds of hours of gameplay, backstory, hidden events, costumes from previous titles, an EX dungeon that houses characters also from the previous titles sometimes with and without the original voice actors (It's normally just text)Tales of Berseria takes place in the same world as Zesteria, but many years in the past, you can play as or play withEDNA's brother Eizen (The dragon) before he became corrupted, which is pretty great I always wanted to play his storyline and understand him and EDNA more... It's depressing me...The characters are charming and for once, I feel like ARCHE (from Phantasia) now has a rival witch to compete for my affection, but most likely not since ARCHE was the best 17 year old alcholic pervy companion!Berseria this time around brings a similar but new combat system into place to that of Zesteria but by no means the same, the story is as dark as XILLIA 2 and is not as repetitive as merging with your seraphim to gain elemental abilities. The combo system is still here however (Power hit combos to break the enemies guard) Along with each character has a specific BG building abilities, absorbing magic spells being cast, etc. It's something fresh it makes combat feel truly free, and when you eventually do run out of SOUL gauge, just SWITCH BLAST into another companion and continue!Unknown in the BETA the combat is really really really fun, like again I have played every single Tales games besides a few that I either didn't finish or couldn't get my hands on due to complications and I know every single game had a new combat style. Berseria is no different. The DEMO really did not do much justice in showing how power-hit and blocking were pretty much manditory to stun-lock an enemy and continue on to combo up to 100 hits, and continue THAT combo by switching out characters for the cost of 1 BG at the gain of MORE souls to continue comboing. It's amazing!Berseria takes places in the Holy Midgand Empire, a powerful country that rules over this world's archipelago of a continent. The game's world is shared with Tales of Zestiria, although the events will occur in the distant past of Zestiria. Throughout the empire, a disease known as Daemonblight causes those infected to lose their humanity and sense of rationality and transform into monsters known as Daemons, who pose a threat to the world. Along with the rulers of the Holy Midgand Empire exists a theocratic order known as the Abbey, who are of great political and religious importance and are influential in imperial affairs. The Exorcists, soldiers from the Abbey, are tasked with bringing peace and order by purging the world of Daemons and are willing to go to extremes to reach their goal.ConclusionWhat I am saying is every single Tales game that have ever been released has always been NEW something that wasn't in a previous game, new characters in some of the sequels instead of focusing on the protagonists of the original.Tales is so damn underrated in the RPG/JRPG realm and for them to finally get the recognition that they deserve makes it all worth the wait. Their games are at best reading and following the main stories 30-40-50 hours long and once you beat them they unlock things you can move over onto your next playthrough to 100% achievment run or just to make it helluvalot harder the next time around easier whatever you want to do.It's storyrich, combat rich, character developement rich, very beautiful in artstyle and environment detail. I really like the diverse and sorta reminiscent character personalities that some characters have that can be compared to previous titles as a little bit of nostalgia. There are many laughs to be had, tension to be spread as you play through this game, along with a lot of exploring, from what I have noticed it's far more open than Tales of Zesteria. I have yet to come across any form of fighting pit, so I can assume they did not add them in or maybe they will be added later into the game.In comparison to previous titles, I can say without a doubt that it is worth purchasing.It may be in the world of Zesteria but it by no means the same.The combat is very fast paced and feels very satisfying, to just go on a 100 hit rampage through combo-artes and mystic artes, and follow up with an ally swap combo to continue.You could say it's semi-on-par with that of Graces F but improved.ConcernsJust the FPS drop in cities.TL;DR.Do you like cats?9 out of 10 cats recommend this game."
,Recommended,429660,29998018,Posted: 17 February,all,PostApocalypseKnight,"i cry, smile, laugh, angry.....i experience all kind of emotion playing this gameand i'm feel alive nowthank you so muchGreat StoryGreat CharacterGreat Emotional feelingDefinetly worth it, and u will not regret, seriously buy this game10/10 see you on the next talesBest JRPG i've ever played"
76561198041102932,Recommended,429660,34316223,Posted: 17 August,all,Tao Amanti,"The game is a solid 8. It exceeds in Character building and story telling.The combat is decent, nothing spectacular.The one downfall is exploration.Let me explain.The areas are massive, sprawling maps filled with absolutely nothing but monsters and a few chests here or there. They're basically waste lands.You have to wait until HALFWAY through the game to get arguably the best item- the geo board.This lets you move at about 1.3x speed than normal. Great for fields.that's fine and dandy, right?No.To use the board you have to grab the geo panel in the area, first. That wouldn't be a problem other than the fact the geo panel is usually a screen before the end of the area.This is especially tedious because in dungeons and field alike, sometimes there are ""puzzles""- More or less switch gimmicks that are linear and take no thought to figure out, but they force you to walk alllll the way to the other side of the map and back to get. In one area, it's maddening.Then there's fast travel. It's great when it works, but often times you can fast travel because you haven't activated a skit. Sometimes, skits appear when you get to a certain point on a map. Sometimes they're beneficial to the story, othertimes not. Regardless, they hinder you from freely going town to town dozens of time in your adventure. It makes no sense that they don't let you warp, and then show you the skit you missed.This game would be a solid nine if the exploration were fixed, and a solid ten if the combat were more involved. Don't get me wrong, it's still a great game. I've put 75+ hours into it- but you must have patience, because honestly? I'd say the pacing is worse than Tales of Zestiria."
,Recommended,429660,29512837,Posted: 26 January,all,Berden,"+ A legitimate PC port+ A demo for you to try before you buy+ Characters are ridiculous but charming+ Rollo reference*I'm liking combat so far, not enough time invested to comment on it's depth. Characters and story are suppose to be the strong part of this game which has got me excited. A very early recommendation, but everything so far is looking good."
76561198046962626,Recommended,429660,29720491,Posted: 5 February,all,Lives4trauma,"Great game and a must for action RPG fans.  There are some likes and dislikes for this game for me, but the likes way offset the dislikes.Likes:- Graphics (The ability to mod them as you need for whatever system you have)- Battle Systems (Reminds me of Star Ocean in a lot of ways also with music and outside things)- Cooking (Not the best system but love having it in games)- Music (Really good)- Anime cut scenes (Something different that is really sorta cool.  All of a sudden you feel like you're watching a series)- Item learning/Craft system (Again not the best but it is something new that is actually fun to mess around with)- All characters get exp and points regardless of being used in battle (Tends to help farming.  Also, when you get a new character they come around same level as your current ones)- Controls (I use a Windows Xbox 360 USB controller and it works flawlessly)- Warps (Some people complain about no teleports, warps, or hearthstones (yeah i saw a few) but the game does infact have them to a point.  You get a few different types of pots that you can use to teleport and then there are also some teleport pads you will find around in dungeons)- Story (The story is long and sometimes feels like it drags on but it offers some humor and even crude humor at times which keeps things going along smoothly)- Ship sailing missions (Get a ship later on to set off on 30 min mission to obtain treasures. items, foods, and recipes)- Monster Hunts (At some point in the game you will be able to hunt harder than normal monsters for bonus rewards as a side quest)Dislikes:- Mini Games (There are some mini games in this game and dont expect much.  You are able to farm them for crafting materials and such.  They are very boring all except the card game which took me a bit to figure out but even that is flawed and gets old)- DLC Prices (Way over priced, yes I bought them all. I have a probelm, lol)- The amount of bugs and issues a lot of people were having with it when it first came out (I never had any issues *knock on wood)- A lot of the same monsters (I wish games would stop being lazy with a simple color change and make a more diverse amount of monsters)Overall this is a great game and definitely worth buying at some point.  Grab the DLC when its on a sale.  The has a lot to offer.  Some old, some new.  I am a huge Star Ocean fan and this game actually feels a lot like it.  I also have played all the other Tales games and this is my favorite.  Max level 200, 6 playable characters.  Happy gaming.  8/10."
,Recommended,429660,29555760,Posted: 28 January,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"Having 100% Tales of Zesteria, this iteration  is better and improved in every way.  Zesteria is my first tale game so I can only compare it with that.  First off, the port runs at stable 60fps even up to 4K.  After ten hours of gameplay, I have not encountered any crash.  The camera follows the action a bit better.  The combat very similar to Zesteria and feels right at home if you played that.  Graphics has not improved at all from Zesteria but both games were made during last generation of consoles in mind, so dont' expect much in the graphic department.  The game outdoors and towns look very vibrant and sharp. However, dungeon are very grey and uninspiring.Storywise, I like it a lot more and prefer the darker tone the protagonist exult.  Its a bit more engaging and this time around your not going up against some form of demonic ultimate baddy about to take over the universe but more like human villian with magic.  I prefer that type of villian better.  All the cast are introduced faily early, I would stay within 5 hours of game time.  Things get rolling very quick , roughly within the first hour.  The English voices are very good just like Zesteria.  I believe the main protaganist is voiced by the person that did lighting in FFXIII, if I'm not mistaken from the voice.When it comes to music, tale games doesn't have many catchy or memorable tunes when I compare to FF or other series.So far I haven't heard anything that makes me want to go on youtube for.  Having said that, the intro song and animation is very good.  I found myself watching the 2 min intro every session before I play.Overall i'm having fun with the game and this time around I can tell Namco put more effort into the port.  Looking forward to their next generation tale game."
,Recommended,429660,29776337,Posted: 7 February,all,havicwind,"Remember when tales games were good like Symphonia, Abyss & Vesperia? Add this one to that list."
,Recommended,429660,29560955,Posted: 29 January,all,Maverick719,"Probably the best Tales game since Vesperia. Every aspect of the Tales series is embodied in this game, while most have been improved upon immensely. The replay value is the same as every other Tales game, but it still has potential."
,Recommended,429660,33187300,Posted: 3 July,all,JayJay,"I've been on steam for something like 13 years and I have only written a single review. I didn't even really like that game that much but I was testing the (at the time new) review system.Tales of Berseria is amazing, I am totally captivated by this game. The best JRPG i've played since Final Fantasy 6. Incredible story, voice acting and writing. Out of a cast of hundreds, maybe one side character annoyed me. Characters are written with deep personalities and flaws. The story is unique and well told, scenes leave you feeling an impact and having to take in what happened. Sometimes even an unanimated conversation can get intense. Emotion vs. Reason is a BIG recurring theme in the story, which relates very much to the real world today. It never gets political though, which is such a huge credit to its writers. Things never go as you expect and moments can turn dark quickly.The action combat system can be as simple or complex as you make of it. Multiple difficulties that can be changed anytime and loads of essential modern day conveniences without losing the J in JRPG. (Lets be honest, FF15 was more western RPG than Japanese.) Tons of items, tons of skills, attacks, combos, enemies and upgrades. Huge mostly open maps with some linear sections throughout, never feels like you are on rails even though you are generally only moving the direction the story takes you.Cons? If I had to think of any. Some combat moves aren't explained very well. (Hint: You can chain Mystical Artes (LT) by using the direction pad up and down to switch in other characters, resulting in huge damage.) A few of the side scenes can get a little anime-cringey, but 99% of them hit the mark. Theres a bit too much item management due to loot dropping like candy and often a trip to the store can take 15 minutes figuring out what to dismantle or sell. A lot of items are just used to learn their skils and then are quickly discarded.I'm probably only halfway through the game, having just unlocked my final party member, and I felt like I had to post this before the end of the sale.Magikazam! Buy this now!"
,Recommended,429660,34333445,Posted: 18 August,all,MyLegGuy,"They've remembered how to make a Tales game.Pros:* The story is really good. It's infinitely better than Zestiria's cliche story.* The characters are refreshing and unique* You know that really cliche RPG protagonist? The guy that's brave, probably has a sword, a few friends, and wants to save the world just because they're a good guy? Well, fear not. This game's characters are not cliche like Zestiria's protagonist.* The battle system is great, just like Zestiria's. The most unique thing about it is that every attack is now an art and you assign them to any button you want. You can actually do different and unique combos, unlike previous games where your basic ""A"" button combo never changes.* 60 fps. (You can also play at 30 fps, if your computer is slower.)* There's a good equipment enhancement system that allows you to make your weapons stronger using materials you found around the world, obtained from defeating enemies, or obtained from disassembling weapons you aren't using.* Extra bosses. Just like in Zestiria, every map has a boss you can seek out and fight. Berseria takes this one step further. If you're doing well against enemies in an area, a dire foe has a chance to spawn. This is another boss you can fight. However, dire foes usually have the ability to spawn in a few different areas, so there isn't one dire foe per area, unlike the bosses you can find by walking around.* An incentive was added to actually fight these bosses. You get these item things that give you new abilities in battle. Very cool.* Traveling around the world is easy, unlike in Zestiria. There are items you can use to warp to towns and dungeons. The items you need to do that aren't THAT rare, so travel between cities isn't a big problem. Also, when you're well into the game, you get a hoverboard that lets you walk around faster.* The soundtrack is amazing.* There are tons of minigames to do. Playing them ears you Tales Coins. IIRC, everything you can buy with them isn't that good, so you don't need to feel pressured to play the minigames if you don't want to.Cons:* Dungeons are very, very bland. I'm surprised nobody else has said anything in their reviews. Similar to Tales of Zestiria, the dungeons just feel like big empty rooms just jam packed with tons of enemies to make sure it takes you forever to get to the end. There's very little you can interact with in the dungeons. RPGs struggle with this often, and Berseria didn't do much IMO to make the dungeons fun to go through. It also doesn't help that they're so big. When I think of dungeons in this game that have stuff to interact with, or a puzzle, only one dungeon comes to mind.* Costumes that should already be in the base game exist as overpriced DLC. The swimsuit you can get without DLC is bland and everybody has the same one. The $12 Summer Holiday Costume pack has the unique ones that should've been included in the base game.* I feel I need to mention this again Look at the price at this stupid costume DLC. I did some quick math. If you bought all the costume DLC, you would spend $60.93. That's more than the base game costs.* There's an okay number of side quests. I think they could've done better.* The game also keeps track of your active sidequests, like Zestiria.* 60 or 30 fps cap only. You can't have 144 fps. Not that big of a deal.Verdict:I would recommend this game to any JRPG fan. It has the good story you want, a fun battle system, and good music. The only big problem is the long and tedious dungeons. They're bland and you spend so much time fighting enemies. If you can get over that, play this game. If you can't go play the Mario & Luigi RPG series."
,Recommended,429660,29510996,Posted: 26 January,all,Saibot,"BRING MORE TALES OF GAMES TO PC! I WOULD THROW 50 DOLLAR FOR EACH GAME YOU PORT ON STEAM!Before i start my Review, lets face the beautiful Soundtrack for once.. Amazing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkwZEsGho40It might be one of the darkest Tales of Game, but thats not bad actually.I miss these masterpieces, like Vesperia or Symphonia. Thank God we got Symphonia.Berseria might not be as good as them, but by far better then the last few games.Especially because of Story and Characters.The combat system is far better after Zestiria with fluid controls and the ability to customize your own combo strings, it's never been so newcomer friendly while still allowing the long time fans to take full advantage since the more you know the better your attacks will be. If someone finds the combat broken or unbalanced then there's a good chance they either haven't played the game or they just don't have the knowledge to make the character  they play, as good as they like to be.The voice acting is the best it's ever been in a Tales game, with an perfect cast who clearly knows what they're doing.Berseria might not be as good as previous Titles on the Franchise like Symphonia or Versperia just because of the nostalgia factor, but by far better then the last few games like Zestiria, even if i still loved Zestiria for what it is! :)"
,Recommended,429660,33157747,Posted: 2 July,all,8sianDude,"Tales of Berseria is a prequel set in the distant past of Tales of Zestiria, which tells the origin story of the Shepherd and the Lord of Calamity. You play as Velvet Crowe, a 19 year old female teenager who embarks on an emotional journey for revenge driven by betrayal and hatred. Throughout the game, you'll encounter strangers and enemies who would later become your closest allies in assisting you in fulfilling your goals. You'll also experience funny and hilarious moments with your gang, as well as emotional ""cutting-onion"" moments of pain and depression. This is definitely a Tales game worth playing.Pros:- Excellent story plot and unexpected twists- Amazing and memorable sound tracks- Great character development for all 6 protagonists- Mini-games are back!- Camera control during battle- Much better equipment enhancement system than Tales of Zestiria- Boss fights are so much easier in comparison to Zestiria- Cheaper price tag than ZestiriaCons:- None that I can think of.All in all, I highly recommend Tales of Berseria as in my experience, is probably one of the best Tales games you can get. If you're into adventure RPG games, this game is definitely worth the money and time to invest in. Likewise, if you had also enjoyed Tales of Zestiria, Tales of Berseria is 10 times better in my opinion.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,29642464,Posted: 1 February,all,DarkAnomander,"Tales of Beseria is up there with the big three Tales games - Vesperia, Abyss, and Symphonia. A return to form after the rather medicore Tales of Zesteria. In many ways, improves upon Zesteria, and retroactively makes it a better game. A prequel done right and one that will stay with me for a long time."
76561198062602408,Recommended,429660,29916310,Posted: 14 February,all,The Hammer,This game is proof that we're alive10/10 my favourite tale
76561198012244188,Recommended,429660,34868395,Posted: 10 September,all,marujack,"Pros:-Amazing story (Not your everyday ""I'm the good guy and will vanquish all evil"" Story).-Character depth and development.-Long and engaging story (Zestiria always felt like a grind outside of cut scenes).-Some hilarious skits and cut scenes.-Combat is better than Zestiria.Cons:-That one stupid puzzle boss (You will know when you find it).-There are multiple times when you have to return to a previous area.  This is well handled but there is a lot of running around very late in the game.  This is more of a nitpick.Neutral:-Textures could be better on other things like the environments and cities but I find the story well out-weighs this.-I wish there were more costumes.  It kind of sucks having to fork over lots of $$ for more variety.Overall I would give a score of:""You haven't played it yet!?  Buy it right now!""Its a great game with over 80 hours of story.  I definitely will be replaying this game again!"
,Recommended,429660,33914571,Posted: 30 July,all,Rise Wolf,"Its hard to describe how good this game is. Its one of the best Tales of games which I have ever played. Everything is perfect, story is perfect, fighting system is perfect. Its not that complicated like in Tales of Zesteria, its much easier to understand how everything works for example crafting system... 3 whole days of play time and still its not done, worth of money!Pros+ Story (Incredible good)+ Characters+ World+ Fighting system+ Crafting+ Dialogues+ Animated scenes+ Music+ New Game +Cons- Some dungeons- Ending :(- Sometimes boring side chats (there are hundreds small talks!)- Equipment mess? Big amount of equipment with same name, its hard to orient here, what is trash and what is useful..."
,Recommended,429660,29563492,Posted: 29 January,all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,Cooking ✓Mini games ✓Edgy protagonist ✓Underboobs ✓Should I continue the list?
,Recommended,429660,33133861,Posted: 2 July,all,TomBradyDidNothingWrong,"First review in a long time, maybe ever, but I thought it had to be done. Would highly recommend if you like jrpgs. I have had little faith in the genre, but am a huge fan of anime. So I figured why not give it a try, its on sale. BEST PURCHASE I'VE MADE SINCE PUBG. The story is engaging, combat is fun, and the dialogue that makes anime so great is ever present. The comedy relief is fantastic, and the backstories are awesome. Still have not completed it, but from what i gather I'm not even close. Also, combat, you dont always have to engage, you can outrun any enemy so the tons of enemies dont seem so overbearing. 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,29557285,Posted: 28 January,all,Question,"UPDATE: Still extremely happy with this game after beating it and working at a bunch of side stuff. It only gets better as the story continues, with some surprisingly heartfelt story scenes further bolstering my thoughts on the high quality of the characters and story in this entry into Tales' series. 65 hours and nothing has changed about what I wrote below after 15, stellar JRPG and beautiful return to glory for the series after quite awhile. And the combat pretty much still hasn't gotten old--chaining artes and managing break souls always feels great.______________________________________________________________Quality as ♥♥♥♥ JRPG, really enjoying so far. Interesting characters, pretty focused/enjoyable plot, game starts strong and grabs you pretty quickly, the game isn't an ultra slow starter like Zestiria. Combat is extremely fluid and refined, nothing totally new for Tales of but it flows insanely well this time. Break soul feature makes combat feel really impactful and fun when you chain big combos. Some of the underlying combat mechanics are a bit different this time (no TP, way that you chain combos is a bit diff, only use 4 face buttons on controller and no directionals etc), but it's still Tales. There's an equipment customization system (upgrading via mats and breaking down old equipment for mats etc) that is very simple but a good addition. The game is fairly easy on the hardest initially available difficulty (hard) so far imo, but I'm also only like 15 hrs in as of this writing, so take that as you will. There are also 2 harder unlockable difficulty modes I believe.Environments are a little dull and repetitive but they get the job done, by no means something that really stands out as a sore point, just could be better. The game has some cool side stuff without feeling overbearing, there's a ""rare creature hunt"" system as in any good ole RPG, the way that Tales series ""Katz society"" plays into this game is a bit new, you find Katz in chests that you unlock with a platformer-like collectible item that is everywhere in the environments, and you pick up by moving into. Stuff like that.Some good tunes in the soundtrack, nothing super memorable that I've come across yet though. Game obviously isn't visually super-impressive but has a nice art style and is fairly easy on the eyes. It looks fine. Port is flawless, game runs at 60 fps constantly on high settings (GTX 770 / Haswell i5), 0 hitches or crashes, haven't come across a single audio bug or anything else that might come with a bad port. Play with controller, this type of game works way better with them.Overall so far: Best game in Tales of series in quite awhile imo, maybe even since Vesperia.Really focused and polished entry into the series even if it doesn't break much new ground. Highly recommend for both Tales of fans and anyone that just wants a good JRPG. This is a good place to try this series if you're interested but haven't played one before. Plz bring more of the old entries to PC Bandai Namco, and plz continue to port the new ones so that I have more reasons to hold off buying a PS4 for now, will keep buying this series as you put them out. Thx!"
76561197994266414,Recommended,429660,29731785,Posted: 5 February,all,mashzapotato,"Holy cow.The story in this game is one of the best I've ever played in games. When it lands, it lands extremely well and makes for some really awesome moments.Unfortunately that awesome story is surrounded in just a little bit too much padding for my taste. Even if you're a person who likes to marathon games I recommend playing this in chunks to keep from getting exhausted.But again, Holy cow this game has some really good parts."
,Recommended,429660,31100475,Posted: 12 April,all,D`MOELESTAR,"I haven't finished this game yetbut let me write a few about this, and I will compare this to zestiriaThe combat system is much more polished than zestiriaYou can move the camera!You can rebind every arte!In zestiria, your attack buttons (martial artes with human, hidden arte with seraph or armatized) are restricted with what have been set, in here you can change all of them.The upgrade system is much better than zestiriaIn zestiria, you need same equipment to combine with your current equipment and it might change the equipment skillsIn berseria, you dissasemble the equipment to combine with your equipment, so the equipment skills will not changeIt's 60 fps!The characters are really good in here, and the plot is much better too! I think it's on par with Tales of the AbyssSome of the BGMs are so good, velvet's theme is one of them, like really goodI will update this review after finishing the game.OH AND IT HAS MAGILOUsorry for bad engrand"
,Recommended,429660,30831597,Posted: 30 March,all,LadyLeah,"""Why do birds fly?""Zestiria was my first Tales game and I absolutely loved it, despite the bashing it got from many long-time Tales fans. And now, I loved Berseria even more! The story made me laugh, cry, and yell at my monitor so, so many times.I love how the NPCs in this game are not just some 'filler' characters (I'm looking at you FFXV). From the protagonists to the villains to the other relevant NPCs, everyone has their own story to tell; they're memorable. And for me, that made the story whole. For e.g,even before we met Aifread, I was rooting for him to be okay. Because Eizen made him sound like a great person to hang out with.+ Awesome characters! Everyone has as story to tell. And Magilou's the BEST! <3+ Amazing story. Didn't think it was dark per se, but still, very good. So much feels.+ Strong female characters (it's always a plus).+ Pretty graphics and animations.+ Good voice acting. (Magilou's so funny!)+ Amazing dialogues!+ Nice snippets of references to Zestiria.(also made me sad when I think about Eizen's ultimate ending).+ Fun combat, at times can be mashy (though that could just be me)+ My 360 controller worked flawlessly.+ The hoverboard! (Once I got a hang of it)+ Magilou's arc. Because, Magilou's the best!+ All-in-all, a great PC port.- Repetitive enemies (that we could, thankfully, outrun. Or use a potion to avoid encounters, if we wanted to).- Not a fan of Velvet's outfit. I don't get the point of that.- Unmemorable music.It was a great adventure. The story kept me hooked to the game and though I still have many side quests to complete,  I'm glad I got to the finish point. Like Velvet, I needed closure.Pre-purchased this at full price. Worth every penny. Cannot wait for the next one!My Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,33213010,Posted: 3 July,all,CookiiM0nster,"I legit bought this game on the 3rd of July. Its currently 3 AM.I was casually looking at the store on Steam at 6 PM and found this game to be like Fairy Fencer. Well it was similar at least so I decided why not ?I Purchased it and INSTANTLY. I fell in love with this game. I was gonna clean the house today, get a hair cut and go shopping. Looks like that didnt happen lol.I purchased this game today and got 8 hours already. Who knows what will happen tomorrow.TL:DR:Pro:story rich, nice combat but bit challenging, worth £23. Feel like I can do a lot in this gameCons:Lots of walking(There is teleportation but its done through an item thats hard to obtain.) I feel screwed when I have no ""energy"" to fight.If you like story rich games with lots of cutscenes and talking. This is a game for you to pick up. You really get into the zone"
,Recommended,429660,29596683,Posted: 30 January,all,-Aria-,"Positives? ----> Its the best tales game since Graces f, and I don't say that lightly, its like Bandai took a break since 2009 and finally decided to make another real tales game.Negatives? ----> Kamoana's Voice.... for the love of all that is holy, why the hell did they choose that voice... I think I'd rather rip my ears off than listen to her one more time"
76561198160868511,Recommended,429660,31977544,Posted: 26 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"Tales of Berseria is the best game in the ""Tales Of"" series,one of the best RPG series of all time,this game shines thanks to it's excellent story,action packed real time combat system that's as stylish as the Devil May Cry games and top of the line graphics and soundtrack.This is one of the best games of it's genre and a fantastic videogame overall."
,Recommended,429660,30113982,Posted: 22 February,all,Ohm,This is the best JRPG game I playedRecommended to everyone who loves JRPG+ Great Story+ Enjoyable Character+ Interesting Sidequest+ Nice cutscene+ Smart Battle AI+ Solid performance with 60fps+ Normin Costume+ Original Japanese Opening Theme (Listening to it everytime I start the game)But you have to face with...- Repeat BGM (It will haunt you throughout your journey)- Lazy level design of dungeon (It made me cry)- Some of the maps is a Copy and Paste from Zestiria (It even use the same BGM from Zestiria)- Combat system (It somewhat hard to understand and make me annoyed so I end up use default artes from start to finish without changing it)- Zaveid
,Recommended,429660,33146255,Posted: 2 July,all,Mozillo,"A strong addition to the Tales of franchise that continues to build on the action combat the series is well known for to create an enjoyable experience filled with enjoyable characters as you take on the world on your path of revenge and villainy.PROS:+ Fun combat system with a comfortable learning curve allowing for you to always feel just on the verge of being a master of it.+ Entertaining characters with delightful hijinks.+ A unique story direction as you play the villains of the land, a good mix of tragedy and comedy as you explore the world.+ Nice character designs, helped by a bright and colourful artstyle.CONS:- Odd character designs. Velvet's outfit design is odd and almost looks over designed if it weren't for the sheer lack of material used.- If they're not a villain or a main party member, you'll probably forget them, as will the game itself. Side characters are few and far between and don't make much of a dent on the story.- The story has odd moments where it almost grinds to a halt and feels more like the characters are filling time than actually going anywhere.- Boring equipment system that makes equipment very forgettable.Overall it's still a very strong entrant to the Tales of franchise, that's had more than enough weak entries so far, and is definitely a good suggestion to play if you're a big JRPG fan. If you've never dabbled in the genre then it might be worth a miss, but even if you've a passing interest then the combat system and overall story are more than enough to attract you over to play the game.(MORE THOUGHTSHERE"
76561198231485040,Recommended,429660,30003806,Posted: 18 February,all,Ghost K Su,"An emotional ride from dark, light to comedy. It is an amazing long game, def. worth the price. It will make u cry, if not u have no soul. Great cast of characters, never a dull moment in this game.Combat is amazing, if u want a challenge play on intense and any other character but Velvet. One of the best Jrpgs i have played in the last 5 years. Story is amazing and keeps u engaged at all time.*Bienfu Power"
,Recommended,429660,30636602,Posted: 20 March,all,Elektrolysis,"Tales of Berseria is a successful prequel to Zestiria that corrects many of the former game's shortcomings with a more interesting cast of anti-hero characters combined with flashy, savage combat. It is hands down the best Tales game in years."
76561198042572662,Recommended,429660,34448840,Posted: 23 August,all,nichoudha,A freaking Masterpiece. Take it from someone who disliked Zestiria. Velvet rivals Luke fon Fabre from Tales of the Abyss in terms of character development and the story really is unique. You basically play the villain. It's masterful.
,Recommended,429660,31626531,Posted: 8 May,all,Ayra,"Honestly the best Tales of: game i've ever played. It turns some of the cliché rpg trends on its head. There is no black and white. There isn't really a fight between good and evil. Instead, it clashes different sets of morality and shades of gray against each other. Cold hard Logic versus Hot burning Emotions. It poses important questions like: Do the needs of the many outweigh those of the individual? Do the means always justify the end? What does it mean to be alive? and other such questions. Instead of just raising these questions, though, the game actually provides multiple answers from different angles. From it's flora of interesting characters.The english voice acting is superb (with the exeption of one child later on..) while the game is pretty liniar for the first half, until it opens up for side quest's from your companions. It is never boring and always give you something to do and inmerse yourself in.It has a very robust combat system that has been improved imensly over tales of zestria (you can rebind key's for one) the game runs at 60 fps"
76561198277182810,Recommended,429660,33154990,Posted: 2 July,all,Night Fury,"This game is extremly fun. I haven't finished it yet, but I've been very impressed with the writing, the characters (including their development) and the over arching story itself. The best way I can describe it is, it's like if Final Fantsy X and Majora's Mask had a love child. It has that deep questioning of the established order and if it is moral right. As well as the dark nature of the world around you. This is one I would consider a true classic among JRPGs. A must have for anyone who loves a great story."
76561197998474082,Recommended,429660,29783825,Posted: 8 February,all,Lazy Lancer,"This game is absolutely marvellous. I did like the Tales of Xillia and was excited about Zestiria... but Zestiria turned out to be rather meh in everything. The characters were dull, story was so-so, combat was ruined by the stupid camera... actually, i was about to skip Berseria, but the ""overwhelmingly positive"" mark made me try the game.Turns out, Tales of Berseria is a really wonderful game, probably among the best ones in Tales of... series and one of the best RPGs in recent years. The game does a much better job than Zestiria in every aspect. First of all, the combat is just better. Equipment system is better. Characters are really awesome, i love them. Their personalities are so well-written. These guys just feel alive... natural.. logical. They are not your average game characters that can be described in 8-10 sentences. In this game, there`s a lot of background, story involvement, reasoning and character development throughout all the 60+ hours it took me to finish the game.Story is awesome as well. It is a lot darker that in the previous games. And i really love how the story flows from the beginning till the very end of the game, with several twists and turns you can`t call obvious or stupid. It`s great how the details that seemed insignificant and decorative in the beginning play their part in the story later. It`s really a rare thing to be seen in videogames nowadays.As for me, i really adore this game and i think that, as a story- and character-driven RPG, Tales of Berseria is probably among the best games released in the few recent years, probably rivaling the Witcher in terms of story and characters (i love the Witcher too, so i`m serious)"
,Recommended,429660,29955215,Posted: 15 February,all,Polantaris,"Tales of Berseria is one of the best JRPG's I've played in some time, and definitely the best Tales game I've played in a very long time. I was quite disappointed with several factors of Zestiria (didn't even finish it), but I took a chance on this one and I do not regret it one bit.  It's clear I'm missing some minor subtext by not having finished Zestiria, but it's nothing major and the game is completely playable and enjoyable without having played it.So why is Berseria so good? First thing is the story. Gone is the, ""I'm the savior trying to save the world,"" cliche story. In it's place, we have a unique story that's quite the opposite. Velvet is basically the embodiment of what everyone in the game's world is afraid of and hates, and she doesn't care. She's on a quest for revenge and she doesn't care who she hurts along the way. It allows for a unique story that you rarely see in RPG's. There's no grand quest to save humanity, and in fact Velvet's agenda basically supports the opposite.The world feels living as there is lots of dialog that's basically random and relevant to the world, but completely pointless to the story. It helps make the world feel alive. All of the characters are believable, as well, and they are built well throughout the story and optional skits (What Tales game would this be without skits?). That being said, some of the side dialog has some errors. This mostly pertains to the side quests you can do later in the game. Whoever turned the voice overs into text dialog did a bad job. It's always the subtitles too, no error from the VA's. The subtitle makes no sense and doesn't fit the dialog at all. I don't know who proofread it but they did a terrible job.The combat is very fun. It can be button-mashy, but ultimately that's all about how much effort you want to put into it. I tended to keep specific chains available to me and mixed and matched through those chains to get good combos on whatever enemy I was facing. You can also spend some time crafting combos specific to the area you're in but I didn't do that. It made it more engaging personally to have to swap around between X, Y, A and B to make combos that were effective, rather than putting Weakness Chains into a single button for each enemy. It's pretty much however you want to do it, which makes the combat more engaging and more enjoyable.The combat system works like this: You have what they call souls, blue diamonds on your portrait. You usually start with 3 in battle. If you use a special Break Soul attack, you lose a soul. If you get hit with a status effect, you also lose a soul. If you dish out a status effect, you get a soul, and if you perfect dodge an attack there's a (pretty high) chance that a soul will appear on the battlefield (that the AI loves to steal from you). You can have a maximum of 5 souls, and the amount of souls dictates how many actions you can take in combat in a single combo. When you stop for a very short while, you get all your actions back, however you also have a Soul Gauge mechanic that makes you unable to actually finish attacks if you have no Soul Gauge (the blue amount on your Souls shows how much you have). This regenerates much slower, but you can attack all you want, even with no SG, if the enemy is incapacitated in some way.The reliance on Status Effects makes the battle system occasionally RNG based, however you are more likely to dish out status effects when you have low souls and more likely to get status effects when you have high souls, so it typically doesn't take much to get a soul back when you are low.Although I only really played as Velvet, I have to say that her unique mechanic is really fun, but also makes the game easier than it could be. When you are in her Theronized mode (which you unlock rather early into the game), it negates most status effects you already have and also makes her immune to all status effects while in this mode. You can also ignore the Soul Gauge mechanic entirely, because while Thernoized it doesn't matter at all. It leads to pretty easy abuse to tank most attacks in the game, so long as you have at least three souls (have to have three souls to use it, and it takes a soul as it's her Break Soul attack). But, as overpowered as it can be, it really makes Velvet's playstyle shine throughout the game, and I had a blast playing it because of the Theronize mode.If you hated Zestiria's equipment skill system, rejoice, because it's gone. It was terrible anyway. What we have now is an equipment system where you can Master equipment and get permanent buffs. Mastering Equipment comes through your Grade from finishing fights (one of the best uses of Grade they've come up with, in my opinion). Gear in general drops in droves, and typically gets a lot of random abilities that can be very useful. The biggest problem? You get A LOT of gear. You can actually hit an equipment inventory cap, and the game just stops giving you gear (by marking them as crossed out in the rewards screen), but never really tells you that's why the items were not obtained and doesn't tell you what the cap is, either, which is frustrating.The game is ultimately pretty linear, as much as I wish it wasn't. There's about 5-6 optional dungeons, however they're not all that important if you miss them. Since gear is so common, you don't really ever miss anything if you miss chests, which does suck. Additionally, chests respawn which takes some of the joy out of getting gear from them. There are side quests, but they mostly revolve around going to old maps that you've already beaten (or even if you haven't, are brought up in side quests far later than they should be).One thing I love is how they constantly added new mechanics throughout the game, even up to the final dungeon. They really did a good job pacing upgrades throughout the game, and you always feel like things get changed up at least a little bit.The biggest problem I have with the game is the Katz Souls and Chests. After the prologue, you start seeing these floating orbs on every map, called Katz Souls. You gather these to open Katz Chests, which contain Katz. Katz either give you absolutely nothing, or fashion items. At first, this system seems fine, although unrewarding. However, as you progress into the game (I'd say by the half-way point), you start getting chests that require A TON of souls while the rate of obtaining souls hasn't really increased all that much. I ended up leaving four chests in an area that the game didn't let me go back to until the end of the game, at which point I had to leave another 5-6 chests, and that's just from the ones I found. When I beat the game, I was still 10+ chests behind with no souls. This means I'd have to farm souls for hours, for absolutely no reason. What a waste of time! The amount of souls you get compared to how many you need is just completely disproportionate, and very frustrating. Either I need to spend hours farming areas for only souls, or I need to just ignore them, and I don't want to do either. I suspect I left one or two I forgot about and the game cut off the area completely, too, which just makes things worse. I hate this system, and hope they either do it better next time or leave it out completely.Overall, the game is a lot of fun. I typically want my JRPG's to last at least 20 hours for $60. This game took me over 60 hours just to beat, and outside of a few minor things I enjoyed the entire thing. If you like JRPG's, get it. It's absolutely worth every penny."
,Recommended,429660,33119898,Posted: 2 July,all,SpiritOfRadio96,"Incredible story, great visuals, stellar voice acting, and one hell of a soundtrack. One gripe I do have with it is that the dungeons can be repetitive and bland, but other than that this game is fantastic. It's also a great starting point for the Tales of series and JRPGs in general. Play it!"
76561198014863320,Recommended,429660,32718343,Posted: 24 June,all,whiteseal,"Best game in the tales series in terms of gameplay, a true modern rpg with solid combat and a clever progression system. All of the gameplay issues of zesteria are fixed in this game. Story-wise, it's probably on par with symphonia. Graphically, it's the best of the tales games by a good margin, but obviously it's still a cartoon and to be fair they could tone down the particles some more as it still suffers from woah-the-screen-is-fireworks in certain combat situations. Performance-wise this is the best PC port but I still recommend the community fix. Unlike zersteria, the co-op is very playable.If you're going to buy a tales game, or any single player rpg for that matter, buy this one."
,Recommended,429660,29514697,Posted: 26 January,all,FireArmiger,"Truly a step up from Tales of Zesteria, great character development so far and a strong female lead at that. The games control schemes are a little different then the ones that I was originally used to in Tales of Zesteria, however after figuring out how to make different combos with the new control schemes, I have to say it does feel more smoother, but some might think different but otherwise is better imo. As I will not spoil anything from the game so far, I will say the game does make the Tales series move on and stay relevant in the gaming industry and plays on what other recent rpgs have done to keep the players to keep playing, with strong emotional aspects, driving goals in the games story/plot and of course the combat. The new combat and gameplay might be more overwhelming at first for new comers and veterans alike but will become very fluid and easy to get used when you play enough, which is another thing I like about the game so far. Overall Tales of Berseria might rival or be better then the greatness of past Tales games like Vesperia and Symphonia and if you are long time Tales fan, mark my review do not hesitate and buy this game and it will last you for awhile. Happy Tales 16th entry !!!!"
,Recommended,429660,34045648,Posted: 5 August,all,Beo,"tl;dr: Highly recommended. Amazing game.What a game! I just finished 100% of the achievements and I'm sad the game is already over.I did two playthroughs in total. The first one I played casually to see if I even enjoy the game and the story. I didn't read up on anything, just talked to the towns people, picked up quests, explored areas, fought some demons, etc. Then the story unfolded, and I was completely sucked into the game.Now, I wouldn't consider myself a ""Tales of"" fan. I started to play Symphonia but couldn't get over the voice acting. I played through Zestiria once (32% of the achievements) and couldn't bring myself to another playthrough. While I enjoyed the story of Zestiria, I felt something was missing. Combat was alright, difficulties were weird (different items dropped, etc. not always better items on higher difficulties), and the upgrade system was just so confusing that I gave up in the end. Characters were alright, I guess. I didn't like the main char too much, he was lacking a bit of character, if that makes sense.Berseria on the other hand, it just does everything right. The characters are different and fun to be around (looking at you, Magilou!), combat differs enough between characters to matter. I personally enjoyed playing as Eizen for everything except challenging boss fights or when the fight started to turn and it could result in a defeat, in which case I'd swap to Velvet.Other than that, building up on the cons stated for Zestiria, difficulty options make a difference. It feels more like a proper risk/reward setting. You get more and better rewards/exp but the enemies are higher level, and at some point the enemies had twice the level my party was at. Combat is good enough to give you a chance, though if you make too many mistakes, your party will get wiped out, which makes sense though, right?The upgrade system is so much better than it was in Zestiria. On my first playthrough, I focused on ""mastering"" equip, which gives you a permanent stat boost (highly recommended, it'll add up once you've mastered ~100 items) and I eventually used the best equip I found. It just felt rewarding to use this equip and to upgrade it.On my second playthrough on NG+ I just picked the first items I found and that made sense (like no physical attack stats on casters, etc.) and just maxed out the items as soon as I could. That made my party really strong early on, and it basically stayed like this until the end. Now, I don't consider that a bad thing, as enemies stayed well above my party level due to the higher difficulty setting. While equip matters, it's still up to you to control your party and make sure you can survive.I realize this is already a wall of text, so I decided to stop here. It feels like I could write a whole article about this game and how it made me feel, even when I experienced the story again after knowing exactly what was going to happen. It still hit me right in the feels and made me connect with the chars all over again."
,Recommended,429660,30984099,Posted: 6 April,all,Emma Hendry,I love this game so much..Its funny and looks so well made this is a masterpiece and very well thought out game and worth the 50$I played on a friends pc before i brought it and now replaying my own copy(eizen shrivers my timbers <3)Eleanor is my favI look forward to your future releases of tales
,Recommended,429660,33049419,Posted: 30 June,all,Erza Scarlet,"Great game, 10/10. (Comparing to Zestiria which I would give it a 9.5/10)Tales of Berseria takes a different approach than Zestiria with a much more deep and interesting plot. You play as Velvet Crowe, the waifu protagonist as she searches for Artorius Collbrande and vowed revenge on him compared to Zestiria's cliche plot where Sorey becomes a Shepard and tries to cleanse the malevolence as well as defeating Hedalf, the Lord of Calamity.Although the two games are in the same universe, where Berseria occurs prior to Zestiria, I feel like it's a step up from Zestiria. The characters are more interesting, the combat system is an improvement, better AI and longer story.Overall: I definitely recommend Tales of Berseria just because it's an improvement to Zestiria, not only that, it explains alot more things that we were curious about from Zestiria. Oh, and the opening theme song to Berseria is amazing."
,Recommended,429660,29983038,Posted: 17 February,all,Sek,"The best Tales game since Xillia.  If the Vasperia fans are still crying that Tales has been going down hill then please play this.  Also Square Enix needs to take note here, after getting a PS4 pro for Final Fantasy XV the only thing that lifted my love for RPGs back up was this game.  Excellent characters, great long and fulfilling story, ties into and lifts up the lore established in Tales of Zestiria.Play this first or play Zestiria first, it doesn't matter. Lots of references here that will tie into Zestiria's plot even though this game takes place 1000 years prior.ProsGood graphics for a PS3 era gameExcellent charactersSuperb English voice acting with many stating characters like Magilou are better than Japanese voice overDeep combat that is easy to pick up but hard to masterFixes Zestirias attack pause attack type of combat with new system that lets you constantly refill your action meter unless you make a tactical error in combatGreat story that some say takes 45 hours to beat, but took me over 95ConsCombat became repetitive after 80 hoursA lot of back trackingDungeons that have uninspired corridors that lead to rooms that lead to more corridorsInvisible walls preventing you from jumping a 3 foot dropLack of good skins outside of DLCAbsurd DLC prices for skins, which tend to be par for the course for Tales games"
,Recommended,429660,33909226,Posted: 30 July,all,Danica,"This game was my introduction to the ""Tales of"" series, and I gotta say I regret not starting earlier. I love this game so much. 10/10 in my opinion.The story and gameplay is wonderful. The music is amazing, the combat is fun and challenging if you're in Insanity Difficulty. It's dialogue can be cheesy, but in my opinion, that's just part of jrpg's charm, though others might not think the same."
76561198138748489,Recommended,429660,29561491,Posted: 29 January,all,Volta,"I wish I have more time to play this game before I wrote this review.Anyway, do I recommend this game? Absolutely yes. See detials in the following list:1. It is a legit PC port, you can definitely see the efforts developers put into.2. Interesting combat system. + Allow you to build your own combo for all characters.3. Great character designs. They are all unique and everyone provides a very different combat experiences.4. Great story and animation.5. Requires no prior knoweldge of its predecessor.Here are things that the developers are doing okay:1. Character building. There are some depth to it and not a whole lot.2. Character models. I know they are all very good looking, and I know it is a JRPG, but if there is only a certain number of characters and they are staying that way for the entire game, put in a little more time to make them extraordinary is essential to the game experience. Make Velvet's hair more realistic, I want to see every hair moves through the wind. Give her more poses, make her vivid!3. Monster design.And here are the things that I think it is either bad or straight out missing:1. What is this god damn navigation system? Huh? The navigation in this game is so bad that you might as well not even bother to look at it. I've spend (to be consider as) a lot of time (for a JRPG) to look for a NPC or wherever the quest is telling me to go; and it doesn't happen just once, twice, it happen all the time. I find myself taking educated guess of where should I go the entire game, and the time spend on this for a RPG is punishing.2. Where is fast travel? Okay for the 14.2 hours I spend on this game there is so far a total of 1 fast travel, and it is basically place at the end of a dungeon like place and that stuff will only take you out of the dungeon. Alright I get it is not an open world type of game, but it is boring as hell to walk from A to B and then from B to A. Make it more enjoyable.3. What is this $9.99 DLC to unlock unique costumes thing? $9.99 for a costume set? You have basically zero option of your characters' outfit, the majority of them are no way near the level of original outfits. After looking at the same outfits for more than 10 hours makes me want to buy a new set of costume. Yes, there are ways to get them in the game but they all suck (expect for the waiter dress of Laphicet, how cute).The give away is, Tales of Berseria is an excellent JRPG, although not perfect but it does provides an great gaming experiences. I might be a bit harsh on the developers but it is because I love this game very very much and want the game to be better just like any of you."
,Recommended,429660,30517487,Posted: 14 March,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad","Its the count of Monte Cristo, except mixed in with Berserk.Does a good job making what would be a villian into an interesting Byronic protaganist, in a tales game of all places."
,Recommended,429660,29598873,Posted: 30 January,all,chaosgreg5,"Speaking as someone that's played every tales of game since symphonia (with every intent of playing the previous ones too)... I Absolutely love this game. Love the story. Love the characters. It's ""the punisher"" of Tales games. The combat system is again refined in this new ""Tales of"" game but it seems too easy to spam/button mash for the first 2 chapters of the game. It does become much more interesting and challenging after that point. Love all the references to previous tales games. Battle camera is much better compared to Zestiria. I'd reccomend this game to anyone that enjoys a good jrpg. It's well worth the price. Not to mention (most) Tales games are completely released at launch. None of that season pass crap or added missions to get from DLC (Zestiria is the only exception to that, but to be fair they did give that dlc away for free if you registered on the namcobandai website prior to the game release).More to come as i play furthor into it. So far i'm very early in the game. Only about 20 hours in. Looking forward to at least 70 more."
76561198075764517,Recommended,429660,29691935,Posted: 4 February,all,Hourai,Magilou best girl.
,Recommended,429660,34398134,Posted: 21 August,all,ankleshot,"This JRPG takes the fun battle mechanics typical of ""Tales Of"" games and combines it with an interesting and layered storyline.  The characters are all likable, even the antagonists.  Just as importantly, they are all believable and develop beyond their initial tropes as the story progresses.  It's refreshing seeing the morally ambiguous plot points and conflicts instead of playing as a rather vanilla hero (*cough Zestiria).  My only complaint is how much time I spent deciding how to upgrade my equipment."
,Recommended,429660,29772945,Posted: 7 February,all,Engrish,"The games storyline is presented similar to Symphonia & Phantasia where they share the same worlds albeit being placed in distant time periods. This constantly reminds the players of the elements, characters and plot involved with the gameplay and how its story correlates to Tales of Zestiria showing more in-depth details of what transpired in the Zestiria realm.The chemistry between the party members work really well with each other given that they all have unique traits, skits are given more appeal to the execution of the gags. They still retain the same gameplay to a certain degree with some new mechanics added with hidden & martial artes being customisable and leveling/equipment organised more better and efficient. Mini-games are still enjoyable and rewarding. Although, choice of music in some parts of the game tends to be awkward that's quite noticeable. Chaining combos are much easier to do with break souls and damage you deal does not stack. THANK GODGraphics as usual pretty solid but not amazing but perfect game to run on for mid-slighty high end computers. Ufotable as expected always delivers with the best orgamsic quality animation EVER PERIOD. (please continue to do the Tales of franchise with its cinematic scenes, anime adaptions and openings forever BIG FAN!!!) Amazingly, there is way more content within the gameplay compared to Zestiria, probably lasting over 80 hours worth of playtime depending on how you play it. (Which took 46 hours for me to complete Zestiria and that includes sidequests, challenges, dungeons etc. seriously.....)Nevertheless, I would reccommend this game to people who are interested in the Zestiria history, seeking redemption from the god awful previous installment (at least in my opinion) or simply just want to play a good JRPG."
,Recommended,429660,29556001,Posted: 28 January,all,Mysterious Meow,Finaly a stoy and lovable characters that rivals Xillia's cast >.> not xilla 2 because that was just awful and zestria has the potential but lacked a lot of development with character growth. Playing this game for only 12 hours i can feel each member of my party growing and developing along side eachother. This game is a must start for those looking to try the Tales of series.
,Recommended,429660,35090535,Posted: 20 September,all,Rufio,"This review might upset some people. But first, I'll talk about why I keep playing this game and what pushes me to finish this game.I'm not someone you can see playing JRPG's and this game was an exception I could make after hearing about it on Youtube and seeing the reviews. I told myself ""what could possibly go wrong? I can always refund it if the game's bad"", I'm not saying this is a bad game, it's a decent game but that's that. It's not great, it's not perfect. Why? Let's talk about the story first. Story is deep, emotional and serious and surprisingly it's far from being cliché as we're awfully familiar with other revenge-based stories. The story was what impressed me the most about this game, the game also successfully manages to keep the balance between dark-serious theme and humour and some of the jokes characters pull are really quality jokes. I haven't seen all there is to see yet but as far as I can tell, the story is on point. Secondly, characters. All the characters, even the villains, make you love them. They don't feel like robots and they certainly feel ""human"" so to say. Their dialogues are natural and they develop themselves over time and they really make you feel like you're playing a roleplaying game and not an action game. Expedition system is pretty cool too. If I am happy with these, why am I complaining? What initially brutally murders this game is the gameplay. Maybe it isn't a gameplay for me, maybe it's just boring. The combat doesn't feel fluid at times and it kind of gets repetitive after a certain point. Let's not forget to mention the game's not open world, you'll be teleported into zones as you pass certain ""checkpoints"" and you'll have an invisible loading screen. You're always limited with invisible walls, you can't swim and there isn't really much you can do in the game(at least for now, I don't know if something gets introduced after a certain point in the game). I got sick of the soundtrack that I had to mute it too, I don't know if it's a JRPG thing because like I said, I am not someone who plays JRPG and this was an exception but the soundtrack is repetitive in the sense that a song is made of the same tone over and over again and you keep hearing that same song every time you enter a new zone. Even if there's no action, you'll hear the music changing and getting faster and it makes you think as if you'll encounter a boss or something, I don't know but nothing really happens. The game sort of encourages exploring as it awards you with chests and souls in areas you don't have to go to, you'll also encounter ""red daemons(?) I forgot how they call them"", basically daemons that are VERY powerful and have the chance of dropping a quality item while exploring.Do I still enjoy this game and recommend it? Hell yes, the story and characters alone can keep pushing you to finish this game and a lot of people still enjoy the gameplay so it could be me."
,Recommended,429660,33982808,Posted: 2 August,all,ɢαмвιт,"This game has become GOTY for me. I have never played any JRPGs  and Tales of Berseria was my first. I never thought that this kind of game will be able to get me hooked and keep me on the edge of my seat throughout the whole story.Many great things have been said about Tales of Berseria, and I agree with all of them.-Without spoiling anything - Story is great. Characters are likable and not bland, plot was interesting from the start until the end.-Gameplay is incredibly satisfying. Combat is fun and building different combos never gets old.-Game is open world, kind of... There are plenty of side quests which are NOT just - go collect 50blue  flowers and get 10 bronze coins. (looking at you Witcher and Skyrim) Unlike in other open world RPGs side quests are not annoying and actually contribute to character development.There are a lot of fun mini games to play and mini bosses to defeat, so you will  never get bored.-Sound and music is good. Nothing special but not bad either. Game is available on both - Japanese and English voice dubs.-Graphics are nothing special too. Yes this game doesn't have fancy graphics, but you will get used to it very fast, even if you haven't played JRPGs before, or if you are not anime watcher.So overall 10/10 game. Can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,429660,31527279,Posted: 3 May,all,cyborg mermaid,"I've been playing Tales games since all the way back to Eternia, so I've seen every side this franchise has had to offer. That being said, Berseria may just be the new high point of the series. It's got the refined level of co-op of Abyss, the superb character interaction of Vesperia, and the story is without a doubt, second to none in the series. Ever since Graces brought drastic changes to the combat I've been very hesitant to give a Tales games high marks, but Berseria has finally won me over. If this is the level of quality we're getting with new installations to the series, then I am all for it."
76561198026954175,Recommended,429660,29854132,Posted: 11 February,all,zen,"This is the best ""Tales of"" game I've played, bar none, and it takes its place in the upper echelon of JRPGs for my money.Much less of the ""hope and friendship"" spiel that pervades the series.  Far darker, far more attuned to the consequences of the party's actions, and for once we're given pretty believable motivations for a party to stick together.  Perhaps the best iteration of the battle system (Vesperia might compete on this and main character).   One of the most entertaining casts of the series (if only the fire and earth seraphs from Zestiria joined this cast.....).  The gear system is a little grindier than I might like (upgrade materials can be a pain) but the permenance of learned skills is very nice.The graphics are pretty enough, though the environments generally fail to be stunning (Aball is a noted exception).  There's a ton of optional content although most of it is backloaded.    The one disappointing aspect of the game is the music, which is on the whole a letdown after Zestiria.  Still, there are good themes."
,Recommended,429660,33152390,Posted: 2 July,all,Aesthemic,"Right now I am currently in the middle of my playthrough of the game. I mostly went into it with very little information on it and I don't really have much a history with Tales games, but I made the purchase last night and have found myself putting over nine hours into it since then.Combat is rather fluid and there is a lot of variety in how you can approach your combinations as well as different ways to connect combos. There are also a lot of tools at your disposal with each character, making it quite the interesting experience for sure.Story-wise it is pretty engaging, telling a tale of revenge. Without divulging too much into it, the voice acting is something I am quite impressed with, especially from the main characters. There were a few lines here and there that I wouldn't particularly consider great, but overall the voice over really adds to the game. I generally remove it after some time, but turning it off I would feel would be a disservice to the game.Definitely an interesting game, though I am not that far into it. I can tell it's going to be a long one and it seems like there might be a lot of depth in terms of strengthening and gearing up your character, though I will admit it may be the illusion of depth. That remains to be seen."
76561198035390686,Recommended,429660,34045777,Posted: 5 August,all,bbgunshot,"tl;dr It’s an exceptional JRPG and my new favorite game.For years I have tried and tried to find a JRPG I could really enjoy. I believe the biggest issue I had with JRPGs was their pacing. You would begin a game, then grind for hours before there was any payoff within the story or gameplay. Tales of Berseria is so incredibly well-paced with how it dolls out its story and gameplay elements. Not only is the game well-paced, but the story itself is exceptional. It is a twisted adventure with selfishly endearing characters and many moral quandaries. However, it never comes off as preachy or forced.The way this unique fantasy world is presented and all of the fantastical metaphysics of the world are brilliant. Simply exploring this world of detailed, consistent, and well explained magic, politics, characters, and history was an incredible experience. I meticulously paid attention to every line spoken and every piece of text read and was rewarded greatly for it.The English voice acting cast is amazing and the writing is genuine. In a story with many twists and turns, I laughed at every witty joke placed here or there. The gameplay itself, even after 70 hours of play, has not gotten stale. The combo system and team-play mechanics combined with the innumerable bonuses and item upgrades creates an exciting environment for experimentation. I would suggest playing on a harder difficulty if you want a noticeable challenge.The optimization of the PC version is stellar. I played on an average gaming setup with the game installed on an SSD and the performance was (nearly) perfect throughout.If I were to speak to any negatives, they would be the following...-Dungeons areas feel too big, especially with the amount of backtracking this game has.-Puzzles at best feel contrived, at worst are frustratingly lengthy.-Fairly underwhelming sound design overall. Music is passable but very repetitive.-Special attacks often interrupt character dialog at the beginning of fights.-Some larger city areas experience semi-frequent slowdown in performance.-On several of the side quests I noticed small grammatical errors in the subtitled text that did not match what the characters spoke on screen. A very infrequent occurrence, but I did notice.Aside from these few things, the whole game is an excellent experience. The fact that I actually completed this entire game, did not rush through it, made a point to complete as much side content as possible, and wrote a detailed review is a testament to my enjoyment. It has surpassed my nostalgic love for Knights of the Old Republic and has honestly become my favorite game."
,Recommended,429660,34956970,Posted: 14 September,all,Bamboudur,"Really excellent combat system. Each character has a very different playstyle, RPG and Action elements blend together perfectly. Extremely fun and dynamic.The story itself is rich and very immersive, it's very refreshing to play as the ""bad guys"" for once. The experience is very well done.Graphics are cartoony but that suits the game perfectly.The only thing I disliked was the ending, which felt a bit strange compared to the rest of the story. Not a dealbreaker though, the full other 99% of the game are amazing. It's near-perfect."
76561198071804499,Recommended,429660,30914666,Posted: 2 April,all,Pong,"One of the better tale then it's predecessor,with better story and combat,this is like the first tale story that got the hook on me since the start of the game and not with a slow start like all the many previous entry.More importantly,the game run smooth with constant 60 fps and I can see my waifu and husbando in 4K."
,Recommended,429660,29890391,Posted: 12 February,all,Type Zero,"As a ""Tales of"" fan I have to put this somewhere in my top 5 tales games. The character cast is good, the story is good (as far as tales of stories go), the combat was actualy great to my surprise, its full of references to past games for those who like the cameo stuff, and it actually has a number of in game costumes.To any Tales of fan one of the things I look forward to is the combat system and at first I thought it wasn't going to be that great with the 4 face buttons acting as the attack buttons meaning less combos. After going through the entire game and unlocking more of the combat systems the only downsides I would give it are the fact it uses an arte tree system and the fact that you can lose SG (attack meter that lets you do more attacks in a combo) till you have only 1.all in all I would give this game an 8.5/10still waiting on that english ps3 vesperia port ;_;"
76561198194146393,Recommended,429660,34875200,Posted: 10 September,all,RottenApache,"Best JRPG story i've played in years! combat was alot better for me too, The combat is more like Star Ocean with full 360 movement and comboing arts together the best way you see fit."
,Recommended,429660,30643555,Posted: 20 March,all,Jyo_SD,"Just finished the game last night. This game is RIDICULOUSLY good. It's probably one of my favorite 'Tales of' in recent years. While I enjoyed the Xillia series, Tales of Graces, and the previously released Zestiria, this one in particular puts you behind a character that's hell bent on nothing but revenge and takes you on this roller coaster of an emotional journey.The battle system in Berseria is a huge step-up from Zestiria, where the battle does NOT take place there-and-then when you encounter an enemy! Each face button corresponds to whatever move set you want, even choosing particular elemental attacks that could make it easier to win in battle. You could also swap between two other characters in battle in case your character is nearing their death, a nifty change in pace during battle. But of course, at the cost of a Blast Guard (BG). The improvement in the battle system is big for me because it's really all you're going to be doing the majority of the game, and having nuisances like narrow corridors (*cough*Zestiria*cough*) can be a pain!The story is amazing. It got me easily hooked, much quicker than Zestiria and previous Tales of titles. Seeing everything from a much more darker perspective is ""refreshing"", and the supporting cast does a great job as well.It's not much of a review, but I just wanted to at least write something on here and give you an insight on how the game is from my end. If I had to score it out of 10, I'd give it a 9."
,Recommended,429660,30928708,Posted: 3 April,all,FIRST TRY IDIOT,"Despite the fact that this game is really fun, I hope that the next Tales is nothing like it.This game basically improves on MOSTLY every single issue that Zestiria had (no more armatization, no more terrible skill system, 2 of the characters aren't arbitrarily required to be in the party at all times, no more enemy invincibility upon breaking out of a combo, among many, many other things), and has its own huge bag of interesting ideas (playing as the bad guys, the whole Soul Gauge system in general, GRADE being used for mastering equipment skills rather than another seperate experience system, and again, many other things).However at the same time, there's a lot of things that started to bug me the more I played it, and I realized that most of the things were carry-overs from Zestiria. World design is still really bad; everything is way too linear and there's practically nothing extra to find in little corners besides really obvious treasure chests that have equipment pieces you probably don't need. Velvet feels like a character that just IS armatization: she's so much more powerful than the rest of the cast, you can literally just button mash to win and you will never die because her Soul Break makes her unable to go below 1HP. The difficulty system is still ♥♥♥♥ed: why do higher difficulties give lower experience? You get more gald, equipment drops and GRADE, so obviously the intention is to prioritize upgrading your equipment, but what is the point of lowering experience? It makes no sense.Higher difficulties also significantly lower the effectiveness of healing artes, which is up there in the dumbest nonsense I've ever seen put into a video game. And this is AFTER the fact that healing artes STILL don't heal a percentage of your health, AND you can't be healed if you have a negative status ailment, which I was REALLY hoping they'd go back on after Zestiria. You know Burn was the ACTUAL ""you can't be healed"" status originally, right Namco? I'm really worried that they're more concerned with putting out annoying and debilitating restrictions for hard modes, rather than actually trying to make them fun to play. There was nothing wrong with how Graces f did difficulty, so why change it for the worse in every way?After all this I feel I should say, I do love this game a lot. Even if the game is more button-mash-y than the rest of the series (even if you don't play as Velvet), the game is still a lot of fun in action, and the story kept me incredibly invested throughout the whole experience. There's a lot of stuff to do, character customization is pretty neat with the altered skill system from Vesperia, side quests are easy to find and have good payoffs usually (although they really gotta get a proofreader for those, because I counted numerous grammatical errors from the subtitles), and the game is just... fun. But there's always room for improvement, so I'm REALLY hoping they ditch the current healing/difficulty systems that are in place."
,Recommended,429660,29681055,Posted: 3 February,all,Zaign,"The AI bug and sound bug have been fixed. This game is awesome, and you should buy it. 'bout as good as Vesperia was or Xillia 2 (I really liked Xillia 2 ok.)Avoid the discussion hub. Most of its just ""WHAAA DENUVO"" and ""WHAAA CENSORSHIP""  Buncha damn babies."
,Recommended,429660,33170625,Posted: 2 July,all,Mombra,"Game runs smoothly with no problems, though never encountered a JRPG that didn't. Story is fantastic, and the characters are quite fun. I love the direction te Tales games are going in as for character designs and personalities. The last few Tales titles I've been able to take seriously, and Velvet has been my favorite protagonist out of all of them."
,Recommended,429660,33088646,Posted: 1 July,all,AvenMai,"This is a great game, great story, good soundtrack, great graphics. It has everything it needs. I liked ""Tales of Zestiria"" and I like this one as much. I'm am looking forward to play next ""Tales Of"" games."
76561198119902889,Recommended,429660,30430035,Posted: 10 March,all,Stealth Hikki,"Literally, the best Tales games in 8 years."
,Recommended,429660,29689460,Posted: 4 February,all,Mori Summer,Best Tales game in a long time.
76561198044734545,Recommended,429660,29572634,Posted: 29 January,all,AcceleRazor,"This is the RPG i've been waiting for so long.Since The Witcher 3 there wasn't a game which i would really want to play to the fullest including all achievements.Combined with many typical 'Tales Of' features this is an absolute must have for every adventure rpg fan out there !This game is absolutely great and addictive.But since this is only the first week of the release there is still one annoying AI problem which can only be fixed by 'vjoy' for the moment and a patch still has to be announced.But when this problem is fixed, this game would be almost perfect imo."
,Recommended,429660,33892626,Posted: 29 July,all,slam jam,"I see people say they completed the game with a time of 30 hours... it took me 99.Great game, improves a lot upon Zestiria's old mechanics and is overall.. just, better."
,Recommended,429660,33737969,Posted: 23 July,all,Kazee,"Looking for a compelling story, interesting characters and also a deep active combat system with a lot of content for each aspect? Then you guys are in for an ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" rollercoaster ride with Tales of Berseria."
,Recommended,429660,29770102,Posted: 7 February,all,Fleggle,"Tugs on the heartstrings like no tales game before it. Get to play as an anti-hero so whilst you cant decide the characters choice you can be sure you'll be mulling them over. Combat system is also fantastic, easy to pick up but leaves enough room for strategy and improvement.A must for fans of the series, and probably a good entry point for anyone looking to get into JRPGs given the light menu system, and the way it actually eases you into combat (rather than bombarding you with tutorials at the start of the game).TL;DR - Good gameplay, good, if somewhat predictible/cliché plot, but fantastic characters that will leave an impression"
,Recommended,429660,29626396,Posted: 1 February,all,[HG]Starkenberg,"Very fluid combat, excellent story line. Interesting and funny characters. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys a good RPG."
76561198093803705,Recommended,429660,29600222,Posted: 30 January,all,Hexire,"I am loving this game so far; only getting out of the first area and got a team of 3, but I have to say so far one of the better (and dare I say, best) enteries into the Tales series so far.I dont want to spoil anything, but all the things that were good in zesteria have been improved upon. And most of the stuff that was bad has been fixed.It is a bit linear in the opening few 'chapters' and I do feel like Im being pushed alone a path but I havent played a game resently that hasnt done that and it lightens up as the story moves along.Im liking the characters and how they interact with eachother.I want to play more and see where everything is going..OH! And the combat is so much nicer then any of the previous Tales games. Any future Tales games I hope keep this one.  How gear works is different, bit grindy but meh nothing too bad I think; Ill be playing with it I know that. HahaI say if you are a Tales fan this game is a must. If you have enjoyed any of the tales games this game is a must play. If you are a fan of jRPGs this is a great game to play."
76561198047512473,Recommended,429660,29620067,Posted: 31 January,all,A2,All these hours were spent trying to upskirt velvet.
76561198005641507,Recommended,429660,29584131,Posted: 30 January,all,WilhemFaust,One of the best Tales of games I've played in a while with some of the better written party member I've seen in a Tales of game.
,Recommended,429660,29672669,Posted: 3 February,all,ded gaem,"Tales of Berseria is a great game. It may start slow, but it quickly reminded me why i'm so addicted to the Tales series, the loveable characters and the fun interactions between them. Listening to every dialogue is a blast, every character has it's own feelings and personality, there are many funny moments, happy moments and yes, some sad ones too. I found the plot properly written and interesting compared to the previous installment, Zestiria.While the combat is great and the machines work for the most part, it does get very repetitive and even tedious at some point. But then again, that's where the story and characters come in. Despite the game's repetitive nature, it never felt like a ""chore"", the story drives the player from start to finish, every battle feels like it has a purpose. The story development is steady and while the game might just be a bit too long (took me about 45 to 50 hours), the story never really loses it's pacing.Yes, Tales of Berseria does have it's fair share of flaws, as you can already see in other reviews around here, like the somewhat lacking level design and the repetitive gameplay. But overall, it was a very fun adventure, an experience, and a one that I won't be forgetting anytime soon.Highly recommended to anyone who likes RPG's with grindy combat and fun story, even for that who never played a Tales game before, it's a fine place to start."
,Recommended,429660,30414152,Posted: 9 March,all,北区,pretty good
,Recommended,429660,33988765,Posted: 3 August,all,乂 ƇƛƦƊƤƖƦƛƬЄ 乂,"I'm going to start off and recommend playing this game in Japanese with English subtitles, as it is my preferation. The quality difference is indeed extensive. Japanese voice acting studios just have a higher expectancy for perfection, and thus, it delivers far better results in my opinion. I have no qualms reading subtitles if it means the narrative will be expressed with far more depth of emotion.Currently playing this game in Japanese.I'm listing the pros first in a short summation.The bonuses in this game, are plenty. Characters have rich storylines. I thought this was going to be another ""Yeah, okay. She's going to be one of those angsty Paine FFX-2 archetypes blah blah"" but I stopped that thought when I was actually pulled into her backstory extremely quick from the beginning. Not only this, but the plethora of personalities that join you and their individual stories just works. It has beautiful art, a beautiful world to explore and amazingly fluid gameplay. This is one of the best games I've played, and I'd bet even people who aren't fans of this type of gameplay would enjoy their money's worth on the story alone.The cons (not really big ones, just more personal frustrations)So far, I highly recommend the game. 9.2/10 from me. The 0.8 lost is due to two things:Not being able to chain enemies from the map to the battle area, meaning if there is a room full of baddies, you keep having to exit and re-enter a battle instead of fighting two or more in an area at once, which makes grinding a bit of a hassle and a tad frustrating at times, although I know most games don't allow this, I feel it should have implemented minor chains so that I didn't have to spend 15 minutes or more per populated dungeon level room. It would have been different had there been infinite invisible baddies, but since you can see them you're tasked with getting them all in order to level, it just seems fair to allow chaining at that point. (-0.4).And the battle arte/control system being a bit erratic and not well aligned for keyboard. You have to reconfigure the controls so you move with WASD (default), accept/talk with ENTER (default, but I changed that to SPACE), cancel with ESC (Default, but I switched it to F and reconfigured the menu F so they didn't get me stuck looking at a map unable to exit) and the IJKL keys are your camera for turn movement (default), but then also you have your attack buttons as the arrow keys (so far away!). The only way I found more comfortable was to set it up as WASD/IJKL, which means attacks also turn the camera, but it's a discomfort I'm willing to work with for now considering the arrow keys aren't necessary at this time unless you're in some sort of menu where they are again required (you can't change this, I don't think. It doesn't allow me to toggle menu with directional WASD). I found this a bit frustrating since I don't want to keep moving my hands from comfort level. Assigning the many different keys to the same key without significant interferences would have been nice. I still cannot find a way to reset the menu-to-arrowkey option but if I do, I will switch this review to a higher score. (-0.4)Don't let my paragraphs of negativity keep you from buying the game though, it's only lost 0.8% which is really nothing, I just go into extensive detail in reviews. Trust me, this game is WELL WORTH IT.PostScript: FOR ACHIEVEMENT HUNTERS;This game has extremely difficult achievements to pull off that will require hundreds of hours of gameplay to go for a total completionist score. I recommend playing this game casually the first time around, ignoring the level 200 achievement, and then go in newgame+ to the part where you can multiply experience x6, it will allow you to reach level 200 much faster. I believe game+ also stacks money earned from your previous game but don't take my word for it, do your research extensively before deciding whether or not to undertake the challenge of this game's completionist factor."
,Recommended,429660,29837070,Posted: 10 February,all,Bubba Kush,"If you're a fan of Jrpgs do yourself a favor and grab this game.Pros.- Amazing Characters- Combat- Music- Controls- Dual Audio, Jp and English both are great, I would reccomend the Jp audio personally.- Great port, 60 Fps, not one problem in 50+ hours of gameplay.- Amazing skits.Dislikes.- Dungeons, they're a little bland and get repetitive later in the game.- Enemys are reused and retextured.- Enemy instant turn speeds, more of a personal one but enemys turning instantly and hitting you can be a bit annoying.An overall score of 9/10"
76561198083047769,Recommended,429660,30067703,Posted: 20 February,all,GreetedSaucer93,"The Thoughts of a JRPG PlayerI've played and completed various games fromBandai Namco'sTales ofseries and I can say that this is one of the better ones at least compared to the newer games. This series has had its highs and lows, and like many big franchises, can have predictable storylines and unexciting gameplay loops. That being said I have really enjoyed playing this game.The plot deviates from the standard right-versus-wrong story, choosing to be much more dark, violent, and haunting. Despite this you still feel sympathy for the protagonist's cause for revenge. The introductory parts of the game were very engaging in the story.The characters, as per manyTales ofgames, were a colourful band of characters. These characters have fleshed out backstories and interactions that do not deviate from the main plot too much. You really get the sense of the bonds within the party.The combat is, in my opinion, fluid and dynamic; always keeping me on my toes. Chaining combos through the use of the Velvet's martial artes, stabbing attacks, and powerful break souls is intergral to success, and the soul gauge system keeps the fights going.The crafting system has been improved fromZesteriaallowing for the dismantling of weapons to improve weapons, rather than needing to combine two of the same weapon.Lastly, the music is outstanding for lack of a better term. The opening song is lovely and there is a certain piano track which I simply adore.As a fan of JRPGs, I would highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for a fresh story and overall great experience"
76561198038736583,Recommended,429660,29561372,Posted: 29 January,all,Poke,"Finished the game and must say, I enjoyed it all, much more than Zestiria (not saying that Zestiria was bad or anything). I just think that they put more effort on the backstory on the characters from Berseria than the ones from Zestiria, other thing that I liked about it was that Zestiria left me with many questions about different things and Berseria managed to answer a few. Well anyway, this was a good game and I really enjoyed it my only complain is that I kinda liked Zestiria's soundtracks more : S"
,Recommended,429660,29813796,Posted: 9 February,all,✿ matt,Magilou.
76561198055472843,Recommended,429660,35139312,Posted: 22 September,all,of Anwyl (Adv_Blitz),"Is this the anime version of the Count of Monte Cristo? Yes! Except this time, instead of having lots of money and subtlety Velvet has magical demon powers and the ability to solve all her problems with excessive and brutal violence! What's not to love? :D"
76561198067169816,Recommended,429660,35469691,Posted: 4 October,all,Half Aluminum Chemist,"TL;DR bullet points at the end. I don’t blame you, this is pretty long.<No intro, conclusion, or good formatting due to space limit, sorry>Story/CharactersThe main highlight of this game is the story and characters. They're not your typical band of friends on a quest to save the world or whatever; they're actually very morally gray or sometimes bad people. For example, the main character Velvet just wants to kill one particular man really ♥♥♥♥ing badly and she has little to no remorse destroying, killing, or using people to her advantage. For most of the game you don’t even get the sense that your party are even friends, more like ""allies of necessity"", teaming up for survival and a mutual goal.That isn’t to say id call the main characters the villains, since the ""good guys"" can also be morally gray also. This lack of a true ""good guy"" plus the fact that it’s Your Party VS The World gives the game a more somber tone than you'd see in other Tales games.Despite all that though, I’d say the characters are very likable (or unlikable if the situation calls for it) and are voiced appropriately, with my personal favorites being Cristina Vee as Velvet and Ian Sinclair as Zaveid.If I did have some complaints, it’s that one of your side party members is an annoying ♥♥♥♥ who won’t go away (you'll know when you see him), and that Velvet's talk of hate and revenge can get a bit too ""crawling in my skin"" at times.During the course of this game you also learn about the origins of certain things from Zestiria, like the first Shepard, the Lord of Calamity, the Armatus, Malevolence, and the Seigfried gun. Ironically, this game does such a better job of world building that it makes Zestiria more interesting by proxy.Something else I was surprised by is the script for this game. It’s big, really big. Not only are there numerous skits and cut scenes, but every sub event is fully voiced. Every single one. Unfortunately sometimes the sheer amount of dialog can be a bit much. There were a few times where I got access to 4 or 5 skits at once, and while most of the sub events are enjoyable or interesting, there were a few that I straight up skipped because it was telling me things I didn’t care about (no really, tell me more about how your town peals poisonous potatoes I’m SO interested).Theres also a good amount of detail put into skits. The uh…”character artwork sprites? Yeah there is quite a few of those. Even side characters that are only in a few or even just one skit get their own sprites. That’s kinda awesome.Battle SystemThe battle system is simple yet fun to use. Every character can do a certain amount of attacks each combo, but you can use one of your combo souls to execute special abilities unique to each character (EX. if Velvet has 3 souls she can do a 3 hit combo, or she can use one which will bring her down to 2 souls for a 2 hit combo). Velvet swipes with her demon claw to gain a power up and unleash up to a dozen special finishers, while Eizen can throw a giant ball of fire at downed enemies. It’s a kind of risk vs reward that makes you think about how you want to go about fighting the battle.They also added in a new use for the blast gauge. Not only are they for doing your mystic artes, but 1 BG can be used at any time to switch to a party member in reserve, which is very useful if you're almost dead or are low on souls to attack with, and it can all be done with the simple press of a button even mid combo. This is the only Tales game I’ve played where I wanted to learn to use every party member, since switching during combat is very beneficial.BossesThe bosses and mini-bosses are very rewarding. Almost every one you kill gives you a unique passive item that does various things (EX. run faster, upgrade gear higher, get better gear on X difficulty). It makes you want to hunt down the side bosses just to get more of them and feel like you have more options. These items also give you an incentive to play on higher difficulties which can be changed in the menu whenever.A glaring issue with *some* of the bosses though is that they can be cheap asshats. When they get down to the last bit of their health they start spamming strong multi hit (and possibly multi person) attacks that kill you very quick, and it feels very unfair when it happens.Gear and Upgrade SystemThe gear upgrade system is…not implemented well. You can use spare parts that you pick up randomly or from dismantling gear to upgrade your gear to +1,+2,+3 ect, however there’s two problems with it.First: the parts aren’t as abundant as you'd like them to be. I can upgrade a few weapons to +2 or 3 before I run out of supplies for some time. Some parts you will have literally hundreds of, while most others that you actually need to upgrade your current weapon you'll get a few of.Second: gear mastering. Every type of gear as a special mastery trait that you fill by getting grade after a battle (EX. Iron sword has +5% chance to stun). Once you master that trait it’s on that character forever, and with the amount of gear that drops and how long it takes to master it, it becomes less about ""what has better stats?"" and more about ""what haven’t I mastered yet?” You'll be switching out gear for the mastery so much that there’s no point to upgrading most things.Level Design and SoundWon’t sugar-coat it, Bandai Namco still hasn’t picked themselves out of the level design rut they’ve had since Xillia. Caves look like every other cave, fields look like every other field, and it’s all pretty dull and boring. Exploring these places usually boils downs to “press X to kick this rock/burn these plants/jump this gap”, and the game feels the need to explain to you like pressing a button to remove an object in your way is such a foreign concept.There’s also some fair amount of backtracking in these places too. The game does give you portals and magic bottles to help you get around, but half the time these things will be disabled because the game wants you to walk and view a cutscene on the way to your destination.Music is…there. It fulfills its purpose just fine. I’d say there are only a few standout tracks while most of it is forgettable. Not much to say really.GraphicsHonestly not improved much from the last game. I get that they’re going for a certain art style, but at times it really feels like they’re dragging their feet on this. One could argue it’s for the benefit of having this game run at 60fps on consoles which is a fair point, but it still feels like they need to up their game.PC PortPlenty of options, and full keyboard and controller support as well as keyboard specific shortcut keys. It runs well (see graphics), and can actually hit 60 fps without the need for a mod like Zestiria. No real complaints, they’re getting better at this.TL;DR Bullet PointsThe Good-Good story                                                                                                                                        -Good characters-Interesting tone                                                                                                                        -Good world building-Fun battle system                                                                                                                        -Very good PC port-Rewarding bosses                                                                                                                         -Good voice acting-Lots of dialog                                                                                                    -Skit artwork for a lot of charactersThe Bad-Sometimes TOO much dialog-Same dull levels and environments the series has suffered from since Xillia-Music serves its purpose but most tracks aren’t particularly memorable-Bosses can be super cheap-Pointless upgrade system with how much you’ll switch gear-All the good alternate costumes are stuck in overpriced DLC. Again."
76561198046503636,Recommended,429660,33012949,Posted: 29 June,all,Frostbite,"After about 30 hours of gameplay, I feel like I can guess how much I'm going to enjoy the rest of it--which is to say, a lot. I will amend this after finishing if I'm wrong.The Tales series runs on cliches. Each installment presents an RPG trope and then spends 60~ hours twisting it, until you're left with something original. Berseria is one of the games where it works marvelously: instead of being a lovable cast of goody-two-shoes goons on a  larger-than-life quest to save the world from evil, you step in the shoes of an anti-hero on a personal quest of revenge. Once the greater plot begins to unravel, the primary quest remains the driving force, but it becomes interwoven with five other characters' personal quests and turns into something bigger than each individual thread.In a way, Berseria is a deconstruction of the Tales games themselves. You have the ensemble of quirky character, a particularly fun ensemble at that, who run rampant through a bright and colourful world. The bright surface distracts from the fact that the story is *hella* dark. Velvet, our broody protagonist, is also quite atypical for a series where the main character tends to be more or less a goofball, and I was initially concerned that the dark-clad heroine would turn out to be a colossal edgelord. This wasn't entirely off point, but once the cast grows and you start getting the hang of the story, Velvet's hellbent-for-vengeance approach at her quest starts making a lot of sense. The story so far has been very well put together, following familiar beats to scratch that RPG nostalgia itch, but mixing in enough new stuff to remain exciting.Combat is another high point of the game. There's a variety of ways to spice it up, from multiple difficulty levels changeable at all times, to pulling several groups of mobs together for added difficulty. People who just want to enjoy the story can get through the game without fighting much, while combo monsters can get special bonuses for massacring everything in their path.Last, there's the music. It's excellent.Warmly recommended. A must buy for JRPG fans if it comes on sale, and honestly worth full price as well."
,Recommended,429660,30303009,Posted: 3 March,all,Enforce,"The clash of emotions has come back to the Tales seriesOne of the best ""Tales of"" games I've played since Tales of the Abyss/Legendia. If you're a fan of the ""tales of"" series, you definately need to play this.Especially if you played Tales of Zestiria.TIP: Japanese voice-over (english subs) are excellent to play on with, as usual."
,Recommended,429660,33150970,Posted: 2 July,all,elias1337,"Tales of Berseria is a fun game. Combat is some what simplistic with mashing a single button, however you have the ability to change your combos (and the combos of your team) mid fight to try to match enemies weaknesses. At first the charecters are very ""dark"" and not very fun, but after a while they begin to lighten up and become very fun to watch. Watching the charecters talk and interact is a fun part of the game, but there are quite a few cutscenes, some of which will not further the plot but rather develop the charecters. One of the problems I have with this game is that the game doesn't offer a lot of freedom (at least how far I am which is 30ish hours in). It will allow you to go explore a little bit, but unlike games like skyrim you will not be able to just drop everything and go back to search through a cave you missed."
,Recommended,429660,31491577,Posted: 1 May,all,Kier,"Before Tales of Berseria, I had never watched or played any anime. After now finishing it, I can say in confidence that if all anime is as well written, thought out and executed as perfectly as Tales of Berseria, I will certaintly return to it.The only way i can truthfully describe Tales of Berseria is that the whole journey is an emotional rollercoaster which makes you feel every emotion there is. You'll laugh, cry, dread, pity and feel your way through every event, and you'll feel restless unless you know how it ends. Tales of Berseria pushes and pulls at your heart like no other story out there, an absolute must for those into Anime, RPGs, Great stories or all of the above.Graphics 9/10Gameplay 9/10Music 10/10Characters 10/10Story 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,33119558,Posted: 2 July,all,Rhathymia,This is a great game with memorable (Deep) characters. The game does a great job at making you care for not only the protagonist but the antagonist aswell.  The Villians are not evil just for the sake of being evil.OptimizationGTX 1060 6gb16 ram4k maxed settingsPerfect 60fpsNo crashesI implore you to stop reading review and just buy the game already before the sales ends. I got 70 hours out of my first playthrough. Just for $29.99
76561198128368326,Recommended,429660,29618237,Posted: 31 January,all,jasmineford779,"I've been playing the tales games for a few years now, but none of the games have truly held me in thrall since tales of vesperia. Absolutely loving the feeling of this game so far and highly suggest any fans of the tales game to add this one to their collection.Had a few slight issues to start with where the game felt like it was lagging, if you are having this issue just switch your frame rate down to 30 and it runs smoothly from there."
76561198064251352,Recommended,429660,29622202,Posted: 31 January,all,TheMeanCanadian,"Among the best experiences I've ever had with a Tales game. I went in blind, purchasing with full faith in the series to deliver a quality story for me to experience. As it downloaded, I spend the entire time explaining to a group of friends what I've come to expect from a Tales title, and the general formula.This game, however, blew past even my expectations as an already raving fan. I found myself laughing, crying, and rooting on Velvet as she strives to kill the very man that saved the world. I expected to have a male main protagonist and your standard tales story of a noble quest for what's good. I was gleefully delighted when I found myself the badass female villain for whom the deep bass synthesizer played as I escaped prison.Now, 40 hours in and still soaking up every single peice of detailed lore and compelling story I can, I'm just as giddy for what comes next as I was when I started downloading the game."
,Recommended,429660,30005875,Posted: 18 February,all,The Everchosen,Great game awesome gameplay 100% improvement from the last game!
,Recommended,429660,29563009,Posted: 29 January,all,ENGLAND is MY CITY!,Best tales game i ever played  since Tales of Abyss.Better controls than Zestiria..Good story.
,Recommended,429660,29581176,Posted: 30 January,all,☆Lady Raine☆,"Tales of Berseria has to be one of the best Tales games so far, they brought back many features from past games that people really enjoyed and didn't make the same mistakes as Zesteria.I'm well aware of people having a backlash because of the one cutscene in the game being changed for localization but I don't see this as an issue to hinder people from buying the game and supporting future localized games. But let's focus on the main points as to why I recommend this game.Story:Twenty five hours in and I can say that the characters and writing in this game is great, the drive of the game differs from most 'Tales of' games since our group of characters are basically treated and viewed as the villians this time around. Our main protags goal isn't to save the world, save a friend from the clutches of some evil being, or stop their world from being destroyed by going and getting rid of multiple fractured dimensions (Yes these are all basically plots of different tales games) Instead it's a story of revenge, which in my opinion is a nice twist.Battle Mechanics:While the camera still can get a bit wonky like in Zesteria they fixed most the issues from the previous mothership title and combat feels so much smoother now. Not to mention they brought back the huge amount of artes you can learn and pick to use unlike Zesteria where you only got a few and it was terrible. To me it's not a tales game if you can't have a growing list of artes to use and thankfully Berseria did just that.Basically this is a must buy for any tales fan and I highly suggest that anyone who enjoys JRPGs give this one a try."
,Recommended,429660,29519731,Posted: 27 January,all,RpgDusky,"Great pc port, everything works as expected.  Constant 60 fps all the time while playing.   Love the combat, story, and characters.  Not a big fan of the weird tunnel like maps.   I would like to see new tales of games with an open world map.  Overall it was worth the pre-order."
,Recommended,429660,29555729,Posted: 28 January,all,serveos,Now to start i have been playing tales of series for 17 odd years now i love every entry equaly but so far Berseria sits as my fav right next to abyss darker tone this is not a Jrpg about good v evil. This is a tale of hate anger and main protaginist velvet following her her to kill the man who killed her brother. this is dark story you are not the good guys in any sense of words if you think how world is vs charecters im loving this feeling this story.
,Recommended,429660,33130660,Posted: 2 July,all,Pinkeh,Berseria is dark waifu material. I have no regrets picking this up on sale.
76561197972940535,Recommended,429660,32102019,Posted: 1 June,all,Blackthorne,"A Quick Review For A Rather Persistently Insistent Mate Of Mine ;pComparison Comment:Those of you who've got into any of the Tales Of games (Zestiria, Symphonia) will feel right at home here; next to no changes I've seen so far.At A Glance:Given that I've heard some folks out there taking 60-80 hours to complete their first attempt, I'm barely into the game here so can't cover much ;) So far I've had my Happy-Go-Lucky Dragonball Level Martial Arts Student enjoying a blissful life in The Innocent Village In The Land Of Milk And Honey which suddenly has ***An Event*** which is almost on par with The Eclipse from Berserk, which leads to Wrongful Imprisonment and am now coming up to the part where the MC is going on a Roaring Rampage Of Revenge...So yep; pretty standard fare so far :DWhat got me is just how QUICK the game went from Happyland to Grimdark; normally there's a bit of build-up before you get thrown into the deep end (literally, in this case), so that made for a good change of pace.Combat is in real-time and not turn-based, but there are cool-downs for your abilities which you have to keep check of when you're in the thick of it. It doesn't take your mind off the action, but something to be mindful of - you generally blitzkrieg through the combats once you get to a certain point anyway - might become more of a priority when you're doing Boss Runs I'm thinking.Story is... okay, it's pretty cliche' so far, but don't let that put you off; it's well-delivered in my opinion and doesn't feel re-hashed/a carbon copy of other games. I've yet to get the full details on The Grand Conspiracy but I'm very much looking forward to when I can put down The Big Bad with extreme prejudice :DThe MC (Velvet) is basically a girl cloned from Guts' genes, which I appreciate in my MCs ;D character development seems to be pretty detailed, so I find it a bit of a pity that you can't have 'interactive paths' which would have added to the experience. But it's not that kind of RPG, so I'll live with it :)Not going to go too much further in as I've dropped enough light spoilers as it is, but let's give you a score out of ten from me:9.75/10.25 is coming off from slightly fiddly menu controls ;pSo to my Persistently Insistent Mate - just hurry up and bloody well buy the game already!!!"
76561197987803698,Recommended,429660,30049969,Posted: 19 February,all,Torres,"There are 4 difficulties when you start the game: simple, normal, moderate, hard.You later unlock intense and chaos.I was playing on moderate difficulty (cleared the game, did all sidequests 40-50hrs), knowing that and without spoilers:What is goodCombat is fluid, with rewarding combos, and you earn grade after battles depending on how well you played.Each equipment has a passive skill, you need to get 50~500 grade for each skill to be learned by the characters. Monsters drop equipment, equipment has pre set skills + random skills.Items can be improved by destroying previous found items, or using items found while exploring.Each map has a ""code red"" monster, if you defeat them you get a passive skill for all characters. Each monster gives different skills, which encourages exploration.Skits are much better than in previous games.What is not good, but not badMusic is okay. Some songs are really good.First half hour of the game can feel childish, rest of the story is good.You get a fire attack that kills X type of monster. You face X type of monster resistant to fire... WHY??Fashion items are okayish, the good ones are behind paid DLC.What is  badDungeons feel generic. (although some arent)Monster diversity could be better, sometimes they are just color swaps.Bosses are just as tedious as they were in zestiria maybe less, huge HP pools for the sake of ""making them hard"". I understand that you need to exploit weaknesses, however sometimes you will be stuck in a boss fight spamming the same move over and over without triggering the ""weakness"".You have points to spend on attacks, and they regenerate afer a while. If you get paralyzed/poison/burn/slow you lose max points. You can get them back if you do perfect dodge, or give the enemy some status. When you only have one of those the fight drags on innecesarily.Compared to zestiriaPlease note that I wrote a negative review for zestiria after playing that game for 30+ hours.Random fights feel much better, bosses feel tedious like in zestiria, probably less tedious.No more weird camera angles when on fights.AI feels better, party didnt die as much.You can have whatever party you want,  having a sub optimal party is not as punishing as in zestiriaItem customization is no longer a huge mess, they are easier to understand and play with.My experience/opinionIf you hated zestiria ""armatized"" mechanic, this game doesnt have that and the fights are much more enjoyable.I liked the characters. I had low expectations coming from zestiria.Story has some twists and turns. I enjoy it, but wouldnt call it a masterpiece.Looking at enemies weaknesses and making your combo based on that feels really good, however there are only 4 slots for that, and sometimes ir really feels that you need 6 slots, so you will be remaking the missing combos multiple times."
76561198190812625,Recommended,429660,29782194,Posted: 8 February,all,Hresvelz,One of best JRPG games
76561198125709777,Recommended,429660,30593829,Posted: 18 March,all,Hossen,Tales of Berseria is actually the prequel from the Tales of Zestiria. I love the fact that Zestiria and Berseria are connected.
76561198023859269,Recommended,429660,33189356,Posted: 3 July,all,Inferno1200,"""I killed so many people for them. But then I realized, I was only using Lakshmana's death as an excuse to do whatever I wanted to do. Just as you used those ashes as an excuse to do whatever you wanted to do. God Damn if it isn't fun."" Pagan Min Fary Cry 4Probably wonder why I'm quoting Far Cry 4 for a game that isn't Far Cry 4. All of the main characters in this game are awful people. They only take actions which advance their own goals regarless if someone ends up getting hurt. Not to say they are bad characters, all the main characters have very vaild believable reasons as to why they do what they do. That is what makes this game excell in story. I was quite getting tired of playing games where I was the hero and had to save the world because I'm ""the good guy.""The main character's drive for revenge is real. Their revenge blinds them to do awful actions. All in the goal of possibly achiving that revenge. And they are using that revenge as an excuse to do whatever they need to. Regarless of how bad or awful said actions is. So story is awesome.Tales of games alway's have strange combat systems. This one is workable once you understand it. But the abitlity to literally choose the moves that you use. That is the♥♥♥♥♥♥right there. You can set each move for every combo to what you want. You get a pool of moves and you decide how you want it set. Also combat has improved to be more seamless. If you played any of the titles before this one. You would fight on one map designated for that area. Now you fight where ever the encounter takes place on the map. Nice little changes like that show a good level of detail.It's good♥♥♥♥♥♥ so play it."
76561198044771707,Recommended,429660,29689285,Posted: 4 February,all,Berioth,"Finished the game on hard/intense(including secret bosses/All code reds)Berseria takes place around 1000 years before Zestiria, so if you want to play in order, this should be first, even tho it was released after.Now for the review, i came into this game not expecting much because unfortunately Zestiria was lackluster in many areas, however i was pleasantly surprised when i found out that those areas were all, imo, fixed.The story is more captivating, the characters are all likable and have their own reasons for their adventure, theyre not some mindless addons like the malak were in Zestiria and i think the idea that theyre only together because of their own individual wishes really helps with that. The villain also is better, at the start he might seem like your average villain but as you proceed on the story and learn more about him, you'll learn he is just like the ""heroes"", someone after his own wishes, the idea of individualism is strong in Berseria.The combat, one of the things that has always drawn me to Tales, thankfully turned out to be amazing in this game, combos here actually matter, alongside proper management of Souls, If you have more souls, your chances of being stunned/hit by a status effect are bigger(both which cause you to lose a soul) but it also means you can use break souls/bigger combos, it's an interesting trade-off and on intense it made me have to juggle my soul-count constantly, specially because Break souls are the main source of healing outside of items as Healing artes are weaker in this tales.The world is smaller, but interesting enough that you won't get bored, they made the areas smaller but more straight to the objective of getting from point A to B, all while filling them with items to collect along the way, making them not feel empty like Zestiria's world where they had huge areas, but it was incredibly boring to walk through those.The weakest point of the game, yet not a bad one, was the soundtrack, while it's not a bad one, it didn't leave any impact on me except for few tracks, one of which was a Zestiria one, so i guess i wouldn't count it for Berseria, however, Magilou's theme is absolutely amazing.Nothing is perfect unfortunately, the way BAMCO is taking with DLC is not nice, tales games used to give you all costumes ingame all while showing you funny events or sidequests, it made doing those fun and rewarding, in Berseria, costumes are all behind either some lame minigames(slash card which is very luck based and the nightmare of the restaurant minigame, which isnt as bad as the previous ones, but still awful in the last 2 levels) or behind DLC, which is unfortunate, but i guess thats the way games are going to be nowadays.Lastly, regarding the port, it was a great port, it runs smoothly and i've had almost no problems with the game itself, the only one i had was fixed in the most recent patch(the AI problem), so if you are worried about performance, this is safe on that side.Overall i'd definitely recommend it to RPG/JRPG fans, the DLC thing is a bummer, but at least theyre not locking actual gameplay content(story/bosses) behind it."
,Recommended,429660,29685595,Posted: 3 February,all,iluvOP,"Yeah boiiii.It's a great weeb game that has fun gameplay, surprisingly likeable characters aside from the sometimes painful edginess that cannot be avoided with these types of games.It also feels kind of fresh to run around with a bunch accidental heroes that go around doing bad things, but accidentally do good things on the side.Also Magilou is best grill, if you disagree then your opinion is objectively wrong."
76561198027646188,Recommended,429660,29856928,Posted: 11 February,all,ItsMillatime,"One of the best Tales games there is, coming from a veteran of the series.  There was a lot of weight riding on the shoulders of Berseria coming into launch, particularly with how poorly Zestiria was received, and this game easily handled it.Characters: The highlight of this game.  The dialogue is engaging, emotional, and really pulls you into the journey that each individual person is embarking on, main character or otherwise.Story: Also a significant strong point of this game.  Intense story that pulls you in from the inciting incident, until the closing line.  Not the most innovative story, but the journey is fantastically well made.Combat:  The combat is fun, but Velvet is op.  I had to crank up the difficulty just to feel some tiny amount of challenge when fighting enemies.  Just be careful when turning it up too high or you might unsuspectingly meet your end when a dire foe pops up.  Try the other characters, they're all fun.Dungeons: This is where I'd take off points if I were going to.  The old twisting/unique dungeon designs of abyss/vesperia are a thing of the past.  Basically every single dungeon design in this game is a grid format with a different skin.  I think the only time I saw any deviation of the format was in the very final dungeon, which was a headache to go through.  Definitely not something to prevent me from enjoying the game in the slightest, but just be aware that they will eventually feel repetitive.TL;DR: Buy it.  The story and characters alone make this game completely worth it in my opinion.  I even liked it so much it made me want to go back and give Zestiria another shot..."
76561198007907663,Recommended,429660,31495878,Posted: 1 May,all,[McD] BigMac,"I've been looking for a good anime rpg in awhile and whole most were lackluster, this one really pulled me in. Great gameplay mechanics, but the story and characters are the true stars of this game. If you're looking for a good anime rpg story with a great cast, this is the best choice for you. If you're looking for sandbox type rpg like skyrim, then you're better off playing Skyrim =p"
76561198049402395,Recommended,429660,29693624,Posted: 4 February,all,Izunia,Loved Zestiria? Buy Berseria  :)
76561198014444506,Recommended,429660,30037270,Posted: 19 February,all,Anthorax,"Good game, enjoy the darker story and cast than the usual tales games. refreshing change. Humorous reviews are the ♥♥♥♥ing cancer of steam."
76561198048821752,Recommended,429660,29765276,Posted: 7 February,all,Bean,Great game and great improvement on gameplay. Upgrading system is more intuitive and more rewarding than Zestiria. Definitely recommend anyone who likes a good JRPG to give this game a try.
,Recommended,429660,29696007,Posted: 4 February,all,|Insert|,"Simply put “Tales of Zestiria” was a huge letdown for story, character development and mechanics.Berseria has great improved and/or resolved all of these issues for the most part and restored my faith in the series.There are some oddities, but overall I enjoyed it and will be doing another playthrough when time permits it.Magilou is quite possibly the most love/hate character I have encountered in a long time.I recommend doing the side-quests as they popup if you can to save yourself headaches later on.Free DLC can help for newbies to the seires early one, so worth the download."
76561198079781851,Recommended,429660,29721713,Posted: 5 February,all,Xenres,Coming from huge fan of Tales series (Played every one of them). Beats Zestiria in every aspect. Combat thx to soul system is even more fun and I dare to say one of best in Tales series I've played. Story for people seem dark so seems Velvet but belive it ain't its okish I guess. Characters are good(Magilou :D). You get a lot of freedom at end game with  a lot of sidequests to complete.I recommend this to any Jprg fan You will def enjoy it a lot.
76561198028256090,Recommended,429660,33099090,Posted: 1 July,all,Captain Gulaschface,In my opinion the best modern Tales game yet. I prefer the vesperia battle system and i rather have dungeon design of symphonia. But this game made me touch the series again in a long time. Good job here 8/10
,Recommended,429660,33119151,Posted: 2 July,all,Carbon  ☃,Bought this game on sale and it was totally worth my money. If you love RPGs then you should definitely pick this up. The characters are great and the battle system is nice.
,Recommended,429660,33098795,Posted: 1 July,all,Oohc Yaj,Good story
,Recommended,429660,29686986,Posted: 3 February,all,Aochie =^w^=,"Currently the best ""Tales of"" game ever played as it has a fantastic combat system as well as great graphics & scenery. The story will destroy your mind, mixing it with emotions."
,Recommended,429660,29663859,Posted: 2 February,all,Kami,"A good step in the right direction compared to Zestria, I'm still not particularly fond of the equipment system and the main characters get up is rather ridiculous to say the least but the plot and character design was drastically improved. I do wish they had kept the main party a bit more on the darker side of the anti hero vibe, as while the first few hours have Velvet being essentially completely uncaring of anything but her quest for vengeance but she pretty quickly starts blushing like a schoolgirl over silly stuff and generally being a bit too light hearted for my tastes, she still has a very focused attitude but it no longer really becomes a question about who the villians really are, which is something I found interesting originally."
,Recommended,429660,29750212,Posted: 6 February,all,twitch.tv/SanityPlays,"love this game, only 10 hours in but i can see why this is a prequel to Zestiria, all the references, love it"
76561198027907098,Recommended,429660,29894332,Posted: 13 February,all,Powercow,"Berseria starts off as Tales of Dark Souls.The game begins with you sent to a remote prison for cursed people, and the only way out is blocked by a large demon. You're also going to need a key from a sword and shield soldier with blue armor named Oscar. This is all so you can go out  into the wide world to find a left-handed, one-armed holy knight named Artorius who made a pact with an ancient serpent creature at the bottom of a dark pit. This isn't even mentioning the souls you have to pick up along the way; glowing white orbs scattered seemingly all over the place.Did I say Tales of Dark Souls? Sorry, I meant Tales of Bloodborne.On a night with a red moon, men turn into vicious monsters (often werewolves), and it's up to a handful of elite hunters dispatched by a seemingly all-good church to deal with the horrors before more people fall victim to whatever mysterious disease runs rampant throughout the kingdom.On a more serious note (really the similarities stop there, but you can tell *someone* on the dev team is a Soulsborne fan) the game's story begins happily and cheerfully in an idyllic little village. This, of course, isn't Stardew Valley so the entire situation goes♥♥♥♥♥♥up really, really fast, and then things get worse, atrocities are committed (mostly by you), people die (many thanks to you), lives are ruined (by you), children get kidnapped (you, again), etc. etc. All this in the first 2-3 hours!However, the game never loses that classic Tales silliness that makes it such a fun series.-Oh, there's an assassination that needs doing? Can I play waiter for a few minutes instead?-The time has come for revenge, the final showdown... and no, I will not take off my pompadour with a kitten riding on it.-Need a new blade to cut through the eldritch horrors blocking your path? I think that kid in turtle pajamas has one for ya.The only real complaint I have is just how dull revisiting some of the dungeons can be. Most of them are pretty copy+paste with few branching paths, and those that do sometimes have just irritating mechanics (like turning on and off different colored gates, and you don't know what color you need up ahead so you'll often need to just backtrack.) This is a pretty minor complaint though.Overall the game has an excellent plot (you will think it's predictable, but then you see how far it goes), great characters, an adequate setting (made better if you've played Zestiria, as you'll notice some of the ruins you crawled through in that game are, well, NOT ruins in this one), an addicting and satisfying combat system -- assuming you don't get unlucky and get stunned to death because you got greedy.It's absolutely worth your money and time if you're a Tales fan, and it's a damn good introduction to the series if you can put up with the tonal whiplash between very dark and horrifying scenes intercut with extreme goofiness."
,Recommended,429660,29712125,Posted: 4 February,all,Strelok,A Waifu with too many edges to count.
76561198015229979,Recommended,429660,29597789,Posted: 30 January,all,patyos,"Tales of Berseria is an amazing Tales of Game Action JRPG with a Leading female protagonist going through a story about vengeance from a traumatic experience.On her journey as a Half Demon you will venture the seas on this epic journey.The gameplay offers a very complex combo system and fun addictive gameplay.Tons  of secrets to find on your adventure.The Story and cutscenes are all well done and so is the design of the world.A very in depth combat system with a very deep combo system for artes.Very unique playable characters.A very funny witch.A very mature and dark storyline.Tons of Replayability with post game content dungeons and challenges.Plenty of hidden minigames to pass the time in towns and villages.Challenging boss fights and multiple  very Hard Difficulties for players who master the combos and battle system.Some great adult oriented humorTons of Exploration-----------------------------------------------PERFORMANCE TEST-----------------------------------------------Performance,FPS,Graphics  and My SPECSPlayed through the demo and 30 hours in full game I am impressed on the performance and overall gameplay loving this game so much so farX_XNow on to overall performance experiencedEverything Max at 1080p with Anti Aliasinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839686546http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839686565Max FPS: 60Average FPS : 60Min FPS: 59Absolutely no drops in FPS throughout other then a 1 fps drop while loading to a different area which seems reasonable.My specsWindows 7 64 biti5 3550 Quad Core 3.30 GHz8GB RamAMD Radeon R7 260x 2GB2 TB Hard Drive 7200 RPMSome screenshotsYay running along water ːsteamhappyːhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839684973Hmm something in my handhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839685006Stretchinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=8396849252560x1440  FPS testhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/429660/discussions/0/142261027585057895/#c142261352639740286Feel free to post your performance and specs below.--------------------------------------------------------------------Wanted to see how low I could get my FPS to go on Higher resolution.Enabled AMD’s Virtual Super Resolution (VSR)Changed screen Resolution to 2560x1440I am using 1080p monitor although everything is running at 2560x1440Then changed resolution in TOB.cfgvirtual_screen_size_x=-2560virtual_screen_size_h=1440resolution_x=2560resolution_y=1440To try to get higher quality and to test the FPSNow the FPS I got while playing was way lower then before especially in Battles.Max FPS: 60Average FPS : 59Min FPS: 55In Battle it tend to stay between 55-58Like listed I am using a AMD Radeon R7 260x 2GBFor comparison.1920x1080http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=8398127462560x1440http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839812337"
76561198052116690,Recommended,429660,29663282,Posted: 2 February,all,asweknowit,"Based on the story alone, this was the best RPG I’ve played in a very long time.  Highly recommend it."
76561198041878781,Recommended,429660,34382741,Posted: 20 August,all,Ana,"Very interesting game which include: good story, good battle system and also it have a classic ""tales of"" style. Fantasy world of this game same as Tales of Zestiria, but main characters are different and story is independent. Try it and play Tales of Zestiria after complete this. You will have many good emotions especially if you are fan of JRPG genre."
,Recommended,429660,34963802,Posted: 14 September,all,Admiral,Good game like all Tales. Much more enjoyable than Zestiria. Combat felt really good with many artes flowing well together for good combos.
76561198022270688,Recommended,429660,30069748,Posted: 20 February,all,Vyce,Best JRPG I've played in the recent years
76561198117401766,Recommended,429660,30039794,Posted: 19 February,all,Deathsong,"Amazing stroy, such rounded characters, pulls on the heart strings"
,Recommended,429660,30121226,Posted: 23 February,all,╰⋛⋋The Forbidden Superhero⋌⋚╯,Great storyGreat soundtrackGreat charactersGreat gameplayWhat more could you ask for
76561198036060579,Recommended,429660,30231502,Posted: 27 February,all,James,"Awesome game. Enjoyed almost every moment of it. I personally would like the combat to go more back to the Abyss/Xillia style but other than that the story was superb. The soundtrack was beautiful, I especially loved the menu music it had a sort of Kingdom Hearts/Final Fantasy vibe.I would recommend playing through Tales of Zestiria first for the full experience."
76561198109344220,Recommended,429660,29801675,Posted: 9 February,all,Phanuz,"After 28 Hour of Playing so far, I must say that this game is The Best Tales Games ever made. Epic Story, Fluid Combat System, Mini Games, Good Music, Good Voice Actor.I will rate 9.5/10"
,Recommended,429660,29805677,Posted: 9 February,all,Qelris,"I was doubtful at first, especially because of the price, but when I looked up at Velvet a bit more, I instantly grabbed it.  Velvet is very similar to a character I've imagined a while back, a black haired girl with a demon arm with desires of vengeance.For 65$ cdn, this game gave me 60 hours of gameplay on my first playthrough. The game has a really good story and the characters have great designs. The soundtracks were also somewhat decent.The combat mechanicss are really fun. Instead of ""Mana Points"" that older ""Tales of"" games may have, you have a stamina-like ressources called Soul. Each artes cost a different amount of SG(Soul Gauge) and each Soul Orb contains 30 SGs. You are limited by Soul Orbs when it comes to combo-ing, but those are not lost unless specific conditions are met. There's no basic attacks in this game, so you will be using a variety of artes until you find your favorite combo, smootest combo or combo for the weakness of enemies, etc.The price is indeed steep, but it's a high quality game."
,Recommended,429660,31416783,Posted: 28 April,all,prower,"I almost stopped playing this game after a few hours, but am glad I didn't. After a fairly hype intro area, the start of the game has the worst dungeons in the entire game (repetitive indoor corridors in underground mines and dungeons), you're limited in your moves and abilities so combat is bland, and you only have a handful of characters in your party.Thankfully, things gradually improve and the game really hits its stride after getting the 6th playable character. Once you unlock more of the gameplay (switch blasts, mystic artes, certain items that reward you for chaining battles without saving,  and more skills to chain) combat is a ton of fun. Once you get the hang of dodging, finding weak points, and comboing, the combat feels great. The equipment/enhancement/skill system is interesting and rewards idiots like me who love grinding in JRPGs. Enemies are varied, and even though there's a lot of palette swaps used there still feels like a lot of enemies (and even the palette swaps have different skills, weaknesses and item drops). Boss fights are fun and memorable.The plot is bland, but the characters themselves are a lot of fun, thanks in no small part due to the excellent English voice acting. Skits let you see the characters play off each other, often for offbeat things (like Magilou putting together a comedy act) which helps develop them. You can also play dress-up with them which is always a plus. The game is long, too. My playtime is inflated (because there's minor in-game unlocks for stuff like ""idle in the menu for 50 hours"", and I'm dumb) but doing the main story and extras at a normal pace will run about 70 hours. Prepare to spend 150+ hours if you want to grind for equipment mastery.Graphics run at 4k 60fps flawlessly on my GTX 1080. They're done in a pleasant, colorful anime style, though again, this doesn't show for the first few hours; the starting area is nice to look at, but then you're stuck in bland, monochrome mines for the next few hours. Later dungeons look great though; in particular the beach/lagoon dungeons and final dungeon look great. Character and enemy graphics are great.For a minor but important gripe, the game really punishes you as not playing as Velvet, as she's absurdly broken in the hands of the player, but the AI will just use her abilities incorrectly and die horribly. Odds are you'll either want to play as Velvet or move her out of the party when playing as different characters. And you should play as different characters, as that's a lot of the fun in the game.Pros:+ Fun battle system with lots of equipment to find, enemies to fight, and skills to learn+ Memorable and enjoyable cast of characters+ Great English VA+ Graphics are nice to look at; facial animations well done+ Few technical issues (had one crash over ~200 hours of play)Cons:- Really slow start; game doesn't pick up until 6-10 hours in- Some dungeons, particularly the early ones, are bland- Movement speed is slow, takes a long time to traverse anywhere- Battle system isn't explained very well in game- Mouse is bugged in the combat system, better to use a controller or keyboard- Unmemorable musicOverall this is worth a buy if you want to scratch a JRPG itch."
76561198182540093,Recommended,429660,29775791,Posted: 7 February,all,Scomik,"So I'm 17ish hours in and am assuming I just beat the first act of the game...Story: 4/5ToB deviates from its main setup for their games. This game is dark for a tales of game, its about revenge... not saving a world, nor chasing a dream. It's about a girl who wants revenge and will do anything to get it. There are still quirky skits, puns (for those of us who enjoy dad jokes), cameos/easter eggs to other tales of games, and characters that fit the typical JRPG mold (comedic releif, serious person, random little kid that shsould never be in these dangerous situations). Overall the story is intriguing after you push through the ""prologue"" and will make you want to keep playing whether you are a long time Tales of... fan like me, or a newcomer to the series.Combat 3.75/5Combat is a real-time action combat stop and battle game. Overall typical for some rpgs but with their own little twist. Instead of MP you start out with 3 souls which can go up or down throughout the battle depending on your actions and kills. Combat is definitely an improvement to the last game in the series (Tales of Zesteria), but I'm still partial to symphonia and vesperia's combat systems. I like the inclusion of souls/break souls and the ""build your own combos"" skills list. Combat also seems to go at a faster pace, which I personally enjoy.  Again, vast improvement over Zesteria.Graphics 2.5/5Tales of games are never known for their top of the line graphics. They purposefully make an anime-like game which is a JRPG. so they get an average score from me. nothing special to look for in this department.Extra Features/intangibles 3/5The best improvement this game has compared to its predecessor, is the equipment system. Equipment has skills which you can learn by fighting with it equipped (kind of like vesperia, but not really). You can improve stuff  using a watered-down crafting system of enhancing/dismantling, super simple stuff.I enjoy that this game is expanding on the world of Zesteria, meaning you do see some old characters.Also Typical level up systemOverall: 7.5/10Overall ToB is an above average game. If you are a JRPG fan definitely get this because the story deviates from the norm and takes a darker driven story, while the gameplay can keep you wanting to fight. I do recommend playing on a difficulty of moderate or higher becasue normal/easy is just too boring and not nearly challenging enough (unless you just want to run through the story)*I will update this once game is complete*"
76561198042480460,Recommended,429660,29772771,Posted: 7 February,all,Sea Nettle,"Best ""Tales of"" game since Vesperia and Graces. Wonderful character, interesting story, fun battle system, lots of content."
,Recommended,429660,29760924,Posted: 7 February,all,Salty Weeb,Perfectly satisfies my inner edgy 13 year old so far. 10/10( Only played 8 hours. WIll update when I finish game)
,Recommended,429660,29845413,Posted: 11 February,all,Mioumiou,Japon
76561198089801510,Recommended,429660,35084776,Posted: 20 September,all,islamctearr,I love Magilou. That is all.
,Recommended,429660,29906563,Posted: 13 February,all,Gasai Yuno,"Since short didnt workedTL;DR Game itself is good, port and UI could be better but still okay.Well, i will be shortPROS1)Interesting plot.2)Game is not short, 15 hours in and im not even close to finishing it.3)Great graphics and effects.4)Insanely big variety of everything. Tons of different enemies, weapons, combos. You can always find something new, and you aren't losing your interest for a long timeCONS1)Fights can become boring a lot earlier before you finish the game.2)UI is just terrible, as usually. Still looking for exit button...3) Game could be ported better from consoles, i sometimes feel like I'm trying to play xbox/ps4 game using mouse and keyboard(mouse almost never used, since it limits your possibilies instead of widening it as it should)8/10, would buy again."
76561198127474486,Recommended,429660,29926941,Posted: 14 February,all,LightFootLee,The dark undertone to the game is a huge draw.  to anyone that is a fan of the tales series i suggest you try this game.the story is compelling the voice acting is great in both the english dub and japanese version (better in original japanese IMO).  at points the game requires you to walk vast distances; but that fact is saved by the story and your need to find out what happens next.
,Recommended,429660,30028097,Posted: 18 February,all,Karr,"The Best telling of berserk since the 90s,Berserk has a great story this game rips off, I know it may not seem like it but a black haired protag that get betrayed by a close silver haired friend that ends up with every one who they love getting murdered then going out on a tale of revenge and terror to destroy everything that person who betrayed them loves with a group of people who are tagging along for the hell of it or to learn something or to repay a debt, I swear some one over at Bandai was a big fan of berserk.Other than that the combat is fantastic its quick and it is a fantastic up date of the old tales system that was quite clunky the addition of souls and special attacks to extend your combat add a whole heck of alot of options to how to aproch combat, only thing negitive about the combat is it is very easy it could have used just a little bump in difficulty all around I played on the highest difficulty and had no issues.The characters are all very well rounded as to be expected in a tales game, though i would like to mention that in terms of their design and motives quite a few of the customize options make a lot of sense this isnt a serrious mission for people other than Velvet, Eizen and Elenor some are there to just have fun and you can help them in that by giving them the standard stupid outfits.Over all Id give Tales of Berseria a high recommendation its fun, the story is great (even if its a ripoff), and the characters are lovable and sympathetic"
,Recommended,429660,35081046,Posted: 20 September,all,Zuoi,awesome game!!!! Just buy it xD
76561198138569773,Recommended,429660,32478663,Posted: 16 June,all,Tsunking,"without a doubt its greatest acheivment is taking what many players had issue's and complaints with zestiria, and improved upon it. characters truly feel as though they have depth (and less cliche), many zestiria plot holes are explained, combat is very intuitive by allowing the player to build their own combo's, the equipment system does not require you to have a phd, the music is a treat for your ears and even the supporting cast gets some characterization and time in the spotlight and very few fall under the spotlight of forgetablenow the game does have its short comings such as the game not having a world map and the world and dungeons just being fancy connected hallways, the game can throw some pretty cheap difficulty spikes, and the protaganist can be seen as very hit or miss due to her backstory and how she overall is handled through half of the story as her one tracked agenda of revenge can get very repetative and mabye even annoying.regardless this is a tales game truly worth your time and money, it has many improvements and returns of mechanics to the tales formula, and while there may be some quirks that might make your roll your eyes or disuade you from playing, the game as a whole is still a solid game, and will keep you hooked and entertained with its gripping action and gameplay coupled with its fantastic cast of ""heroes"" and storytelling."
,Recommended,429660,29909287,Posted: 13 February,all,Karoshi,"It is so amazing to be playing another tales game. Coming off zestiria with tempered expectations, i was blown away by how amazing this was. They truly outdid theirselves with Berseria. Each character is fleshed out, and the soundtrack really set the aumbiance. The opening this time was beautifully crafted (Flow always does the best work) and the story has you walking the thin line between good and bad, and the story pulls at the feels. each of the character has more detailed back story of what make of them.and one thing for sure is the crazy button smashing combat battle, compared to the previous installment this one is really make u hooked to it ,overcomes countless of battle with mob enemy (lol) and u never get bored of it.definately worth the money"
,Recommended,429660,30161784,Posted: 25 February,all,IDiivil,"Don't let the very small censorship that was required of Tales of Berseria deter you. I notice it is brought up fairly frequently, but it is a minimal change, and it does not affect the story/motivations of the main character whatsoever.This is a solid title; the storytelling is well done, and the character development is good. Outside of my one small problem with how weapons/armor is handled in the inventory system, I have really enjoyed the gameplay as well.One of the biggest changes Tales of Berseria took was in marking relevant NPCs and actions (exclamation marks over heads, marks on map, etc)... I can't begin to explain how much of a positive difference that has made.Tales of Vesperia had been my #1 until this point. I'd say Berseria has taken the spot."
76561198011475977,Recommended,429660,33082602,Posted: 1 July,all,Dr. JimBoooM,great jrpg
76561198031548300,Recommended,429660,30275543,Posted: 2 March,all,Princess Luna,"First tales game i've played.Wow, it's fantastic real time combat mixed with a grim storyStarting in a dungeon again almost made it feel like dark soulsGruff female protaganist instead of a ditz, but no where near as abrasive as FFXIII Lightning.Do reccomend if you can keep up with the combat and don't mind proper storytelling."
,Recommended,429660,30130638,Posted: 23 February,all,andrudis,Really good and emotional story
,Recommended,429660,33001204,Posted: 29 June,all,Flx,Love this game better than zestiria good story and fun characters
,Recommended,429660,30116497,Posted: 23 February,all,Mathis,"Everything about this game is great. I was not too sure about the game when I bought it because of my previous experience playing Tales of Zestiria but I'm really glad that experience didn't stop me from getting this game. The thing that I didn't really like in Tales of Zestiria is the MC. I got bored with the game because of how the MC acts and interacts with the world which is why I didn't bother to finish the game because of boredom. But in Tales of Berseria, I really loved playing every single minute of the game. The characters are lovable, the story of revenge is great, and journeying around the continent together with a band of misfits in a pirate ship is a truly unforgettable experience for me. Besides, being portayed as a bad guy in a game is a welcome refresher when a lot of games in the market pretty much requires you to be a straight laced type of MC. I had a lot of fun finishing the game and if I have to give it a rating, I would certainly give it a 10/10. This game is a must buy for all RPG fans out there."
,Recommended,429660,32521534,Posted: 17 June,all,Jotaro Kujo; 16; 195CM Tall,"Best Tales of game that I've played, and compared to Zestiria it actually got all of its systems right. Compared to Symphonia, its strong point is that it carries a much more intriguing story."
,Recommended,429660,29553117,Posted: 28 January,all,TenorRyu,"A great edition to the Tales franchise, and it is seemingly loosely related to Tales of Zestiria. If you enjoyed the story for that game, you will definitely love this one. It is very dark, and the main character's motivations and demeanor are a complete turn around from the peronality the previous lead character had."
,Recommended,429660,29553006,Posted: 28 January,all,Doc Amakus,A very good Tales of game for the series. I have been enjoying this game very much since day one. The port was done right. The story is really good and character development is A+.
76561198015993829,Recommended,429660,29567561,Posted: 29 January,all,Ephemeral Fox,"Great game, fixed sooo many problems from the previous title!"
,Recommended,429660,30286174,Posted: 2 March,all,SpoopyBee,"Quick pros and cons for this game:Pros:* A lovable cast of playable characters.* Fun combat with each party member feeling unique and actually have an impact on the battle.* Interesting side quests which flesh out characters in the game and give you a better understanding behind some things in this game and in Tales of Zestiria as well. (Sort of remind me of Xenoblade Chronicles side quests)* The hardest difficulty is a real challenge and is rewarding! (I recommend playing the game on the more harder difficulties)* Weapons and armour take a while to become redundant and have their pros/cons; adding a layer of strategy. (For example one weapon is good against Undead while another is good against Beasts)* Skits galore! (Personally I think some of the skits in the game are the one of the best in the Tales series)* Decent post-game (Not the best but good enough)Cons:* Most villains in the game were bland and boring with a few exceptions* Character customization has been a step down compared to other Tales games like Tales of Xillia 2* Not much in-game costumes and the good ones are DLC* Most areas in the game are really simple and generic.* Lots of going back and forth in this game (Although its not so bad when you get the option to fast travel)* During combat some skills make the battles a bit choppy (Usually seen while using Velvet and her Soul Break)In short if you're familiar with the Tales Series, Tales of Berseria is a Tales game that's definitely worth giving a shot especially if you played Zestiria. As a JRPG, it's not the most strategic and intense JRPG out there but it's a nice relaxing one that I recommend trying."
,Recommended,429660,33150361,Posted: 2 July,all,Unkindled Ashen One,"Slow at first, but picks up nicely after the first couple hours."
,Recommended,429660,29932260,Posted: 14 February,all,TheLazyGun™,do yourself a favor and just buy it if you enjoy jrpgs i loved it one playthrough took me 70 hours and that is without completing all of the sidequest / optional content9/10
,Recommended,429660,34684032,Posted: 2 September,all,AlabasterShrike,"A darker take on the classic 'Tales of' formula is a breath of fresh air after the snooze fest that was Zestiria. The writing is a little on-the-nose in the first couple hours, but once new characters start rolling in and the relationships start to develop, it really shines as one of the best Tales games so far. Combat is standard Tales fare, equipment bonuses are straightforward and crafting is easy to master. Definitely a high point to the series."
,Recommended,429660,30501675,Posted: 13 March,all,Juck Fames,Play this and watch Tales of Alisha the X and you will appreciate the mediocre sequel that is Zestiria.
,Recommended,429660,29546873,Posted: 28 January,all,Mare S. Ephemeral,"Amazing game with amazing combat and much more!If you played Tales of Zestiria and you liked it, then I highly recommend Tales of Berseria."
76561198047493639,Recommended,429660,29549098,Posted: 28 January,all,Vlakri,"Very good starting point for new fans of Tales series!If You are fun of action JPRG go for it, if not and hesitate wait for some discount but this game is worth of playing and supporting.One warning thought: battle mechanic is so deep and looks so complex at the start that is a little overwhelming but don't worry on lower difficulties You don't need the most of it. Just give it a time and slowly You will get into it.Tales of Berseria  tales us story in the same universe  as Tales of Zestiria but 1000 before. So there are some connections but totally not need to play Zestiria to know what is going on. Actually i wouldn´t recommend it at all especially after finishing Berseria. Dont get me wrong I kind a liked Zestiria and defended here but they made such improvements in story characters and also world In Berseria that now Zestiria looks like very bad game.  There some flaws but they did Job well.I am now about 1/3 of gameThe story and characters:For a Japanese game the heroine is very dark. ""I wanna my revenge I don´t care about others or what will be with the world."" Zestiria was a little childish and only later in story and in sidequests  you saw that nothing is black or white. Here it is from a start and much intense. Companions are weird ,everyone with their  own reasons why to hang on with Velvet. You will learn about them through skits  - short animated dialogues - U can trigger and watch If u want a (TM) of Tales games. It is doing a job very well. You will get fond of every one of your companion.Battle system, strengthening equipment:As i said it is very complex and overwhelming. Luckily there are 3 difficulties from start and two others can be unlocked through gameplay. How well u did in battle is presented the grade. More quicker you finish the battle with more finesse and on harder difficulty more u get. Those grades serves in your equipment. A little similar to FFTactics Advance. Every equipment has a main skill that will affect your stats (higher attack, defense, proficiency against some race, bigger chance of inflict or defend against status ailment etc)  and after u pump in it enough grades You will Master it and  benefit from it even without wearing that item. (Still wearing it effect doubles) Weapons also have random bonus skills that varies from drops You can dismantle surplus one and use as ingredient for reinforce your main weapons.If u wanna challenge there are Marked monsters aka bosses u can slay and get some gameplay bonuses, merge two groups of animals  to strengthen them, they will be much stronger m u get more gold , more experience and much bigger chance of loot, or You can meet dire enemies, so If You are looking for challenge in combat there is lots of option.World:Areas much smaller in Zestiria and this is good, there it looked a little hollow, no more puzzles but i Don´t mind. world is nice colorful but don't expect mountains u will climb etc everything is plain with special places to climb or jump.So I recommend this game for every JPRG fun who don´t mind action combat and i think it is good starting point for someone unexperienced with this genre story looks nice and not childish just not let the combat system overwhelm you at start give it a chance and You will be handsomely rewarded"
,Recommended,429660,33437830,Posted: 10 July,all,Lodum,"An interesting story and characters make this a definite recommendation. The real-time action combat is fun even if you ignore its needless overcomplication, but the dungeon designs are atrocious.★★★★☆. Good JRPG.Note:This recommendation comes with the caveat that it's recommended for those that want a JPRG. That means that the main draw is the anime-like story, and the gameplay isn't quite as important.Tales of Berseriawas, overall, a good experience and I enjoyed it very much. I played it through with a friend and this is an important distinction because it definitely colors different portions of the game positively and negatively. For example, the story benefited from the group experience, but aspects of the gameplay felt likewaytoo much with an extra player.Story:As a JPRG, the core of the experience lies in the anime-style story instead of the gameplay. Personally, I really enjoyed Berseria's story and grew quite attached to the cast of characters. I especially liked that it reminded me of the early parts ofKill la Kill, following a self-confessed badgirl who is absoultely driven to accomplish her goal of vengeance. It's a nice departure from the more standard ""group of friends set out to save the world"" story. It also means you spend the story asking yourself if she's going to redeem herself or ultimately accept the monster that she is, which I find is a very intriquing dramatic question.Fans of the Tales series, especially Symphonia, might remember the game often asking the player to make decisions which would have both long- and short-term effects on the story. Berseria does not have any of these, unless they are so well hidden that I completely missed them. You do not decide whether to tackle an objective this way or that and there are no hidden conversation options that later mean you do or do not have a character in your party. Personally, I prefer it this way with JPRGS, even if I'm generally of the opinion that other forms of media are better at telling a strictly linear story. The biggest positives with this, to mre, are not feeling the need to replay a 30+ hour game to see the other options, nor feeling like you messed something up by not getting the ""Perfect, Golden, Super Great"" ending.Gameplay:Berseria follows the standard 'classic' JPRG formula of splitting most of its gameplay between a field/exploration section and a combat section. There is also a heavy emphasis on menus to handle what its always handled, mostly equipping, buying, and selling items and handling other things like skills and cooking. It is here I would be amiss not to pose my biggest issue with Berseria that taints almost every atom of its design:OvercomplicationAs a fan of subtractive game design, I'm often taken aback by how JPRGs seem to emphasize making things as complicated as possible, Final Fantasy in particular seems to take pride in coming up with a brand new, overly complicated way to learn skills with each new iteration. Berseria is no stranger to this and seems to attempt to take it to 11 or even 12. Every aspect of the game is crowded with ideas that could perhaps be interesting on their own, but have no room to breathe or be expanded on, and are even actively harmed by other things they interact with.For example: the equipment system, which is probably the biggest offender and ties into almost everything else.Like most RPGS, the game is littered with different tiers of upgrades for every slot of each of your characters' loadouts. Like you'd expect, these have various numbers which make them better / weaker in combat, but they also have skills and not even just onekindof skill (though all of them are passive +small% bonuses). Each weapon/armor/etc will have a skill on it that your character can permantly learn, a handful of skills that have a chance to activate when you upgrade it, and random skills in addition that are different for every weapon even of the same type. The sheer number of items and the fact you are constantly switching in order to learn the skills are entirely at odds with the idea that the game then wants you to dismantle items to upgrade other items at the shops. The amount of micromanaging required to get the most out of this system is astounding. Luckily, it seems you can just choose to not bother with it and merely go in order from the weakest to strongest items, mastering all the learned equipment skills as you go along.The combat skill system is also a victim of this problem. Each character has 16 slots to fill with different skills, 4 for each facebutton in combo-chain order. Each of these skills has a cost and a damage associated, an element, types of enemies it's more effective against, status ailments it can apply, and roughly belongs in one of two categories that are then effected by how many of each of the two categories of skills you've in the same chain to reduce their cost or increase their casting speed. The game teaches you early that enemies are weak to certain elements, and that you should take advantage of this by chaining together skills of those elements in order to make an opening so that the rest of the attacks in the chain deal even more damage. Once again, the amount of micromanagement needed to get the most out of this system is simply incredible. Luckily, again, it seems you can choose to not bother with this, either, assigning a button (A by default) to ""You Decide"", where your character will use whatever ability automatically. Battles are then still interesting enough, in my opinion, just managing your chacaters special attacks and super special, watch me do an awesome attack cutscene, attacks.This overcomplication and micromanagement thing is entirely subjective, though. It was a huge turn-off for me, especially because it was both myself and a friend playing, but I know others who get into JPRGs specifically for that kind of stuff. I'm happy to say that, at the very least, you can not bother with it and have a splendid time. We are playing on hard mode, didn't grind at all, are about 10-15 levels under the random monsters in the dungeons, and still each battle starts with an amusing line of how strong the enemies look because we're so underlevelled... before we wipe the floor with them in about 20 seconds.The other big issue with the gameplay are the dungeons. They are absolutely dreadful. The overal design is a single theme of reused textures in a large dungeon designed by someone with a deadline at midnight and a pad of graph paper. Virtually nothing in them is any good, the rooms are pointless, and the ""puzzles"" are just a waste of time. Each puzzle is usually coming to a locked door, going down the hallway to the left and hitting a switch going down the hallway to the right and hitting a switch, and then returning to and going through the door.Technical Stuff:There's not much to say here. I found Berseria to be an adaquete port and had no technical issues during the entire time I was playing.It might be worth saying we played with the English VAs and they are, for the most part, quite good in my opinion. This might be colored by meeting them in person, though. Otherwise, non-important NPC acting is hit or miss - some of them are reaaaally bad - and the same voices get reused a lot.  You're going to hear a LOOOOOOT of Lucien Dodge.Conclusion:Despite everything I may have said, I still recommend Tales of Berseria to anyone looking for a nice ""JRPG Experience"". The story's good, the gameplay's overly complicated but still fun (even/especially if you don't bother with the tedious micromanagement), and the dungeons are awful, but I still really enjoyed playing it through."
,Recommended,429660,30068926,Posted: 20 February,all,Howling Wind,"Usually, I try to review the game per se, without referencing too much to the other chapters of the same saga. However, I feel compelled to take a different route this time, focusing more on its role as a 'Tales of' game.But maybe you, dear reader, are looking for a JRPG and you don't know anything about the saga... So I'll give you a straight and brief answer right away: it's an AWESOME game. It has all good elements of roleplay games (vivid worlds full of lore, great characters heavily developed, an epic adventure full of emotions, drama and humor) combined with a fun fast-paced real-time fighting system, deep yet simple.9/10Now, to address my fellow fans of the 'Tales of' games. Before Berseria, I played (and reviewed here on Steam) Zestiria and I was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't a bad game, but it felt like they tried to change too many things in just one go, resulting into a messy execution. They totally learned their lessons with Berseria, improving basically everything I didn't like from the previous game. The result?Tales of Berseria is one of the best chapters of the saga, with a strong story and great characters. The combat system regains the flexibility and the customization that were lost in Zestiria; not only that, but it adds mechanics peculiar to specific party members, creating depth and encouraging the player to change frequently the one that's directly controlled. Some of them are a bit hard to master, but since you can leave them in any moment to the CPU's care it's not a real issue. Honestly, it's the game I've spent less time using the main character than any other 'Tales of' game. As in Zestiria, you don't have a MP bar, but an Action bar, that refills over time during the fights and refills completely at the end of the battle, allowing to go all out rather than saving on your Artes.The world map, as it happened in Zestiria, doesn't exist anymore, it's just a series of interconnected areas, some big (like plains, snow fields, beaches, roads), some small (dungeons and cities): you don't have flying vehicles like Symphonia, Abyss or Vesperia to mention a few. However I realize this is the direction they chose with the games (since, as I said, it was already in Zestiria) and I can't really complain: I believe it's actually better this way, allowing to introduce big and suggestive landscapes; it was still worth mentioning it.The story is a bit darker than usual and it's very well written: still, you can expect character interactions and skits to brighten up your travel. The characters are GREAT and they get serious development, as per series standard. Also, as an added bonus, Berseria is a prequel to Zestiria, but like 1000 years before, so you are not required to play both of them to know what's going on, but if you did, you'll find many interesting elements of lore and extra character backgrounds (with all the emotional consequences... I'm looking at you Eizen).The only negative element I found in Berseria is the crafting system: it requires lots of farming and patience, asking the player to improve a piece of equipment up to a certain point using crafting resources only to break it to gain new types of resources based on how much you previously improved it. Also, you rarely have the resources to improve the newest weapons and armors, so you have to decide to either stick to your improved equipments or have something new that has a negative impact on your character (the more improved equipments you have, the more your character receives bonuses). Honestly, it sucks out the excitment of getting a new blade or a new suit of armor. Still, it's a bit more accessible than the one in Zestiria, so it's a small step in the right direction. Also, every piece of equipment has a passive ability that you can 'learn' by fighting: once you mastered it, you'll keep that ability (that can even be a permanent stat boost) even if you disequip that piece of equipment. This helps improving the characters over time, along with the standard level advancement.In the end, it's a really great chapter for the 'Tales of' saga and I strongly recommend it.Final votation: 'Almost Vesperia'"
76561198362492619,Recommended,429660,29596591,Posted: 30 January,all,HikageTheGamer,"This game is awesome! It has awesome characters, it's a fun game for anyone to play. The characters are likable, and it brings fun and great imagination for everyone who loves playing video games!"
76561198002584988,Recommended,429660,29928983,Posted: 14 February,all,Drakins,Best JRPG in years
,Recommended,429660,29988808,Posted: 17 February,all,Pod 042,"If you like JRPGs, or particularly if you enjoy the tales of series, Play this. It's everything Zestiria should have been. Every character is likeable, the story is strong even to the end, and the combat is rewarding once mastered."
76561198092814315,Recommended,429660,29898169,Posted: 13 February,all,Bernie,"Spent the time playing ToB and honestly it is probably the best one of ive played in the series (ToS/ToGraces F/ToZ). The combat is fast, fluid, and fun and overall the story is great."
,Recommended,429660,29599395,Posted: 30 January,all,Nova6Sol,"I'm a big fan of the Tales series for roughly a decade or so now. Played every game in the series except for Destiny. Following the train wreck of Xillia 2 and Zesteria, I was pretty much ready to give up. I decided to give Berseria a try thanks to many positive feedback from the community. So much to say about this.First graphics is gorgeous. Berseria retains the anime styled character design but this time, the landscape looks amazing.The only downside is that the environment looks so pretty, I didn't notice the monsters at times.Music, you get the usual Tales styled music, nothing sounds bad, but most songs aren't memorable.Gameplay, it's good to see that there's FINALLY free camera control during exploration. Or it's just been that long since I cared about the franchise. Exploration is fairly on par with Xillia IMO.Combat. IT'S FUN AGAIN!!! Thank you Bandai Namco for not making combat a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Looks like initiating combat right on the map is out the door. Which means all the potential terrible camera angles go out with it.This time all your attacks are Artes and you can map them to the four face buttons. You have the A-Arte tree of Graces F but the tree is fully customizable. Free move is the primary form of movement this time and it's a welcomed change.Long story short, if you like the Tales series, this will be a fun new entry to the series. If you hate anime and action based combat, then move along. For me, this rekindled my interest in the franchise. (Bandai Namco NA, please stock more Collector's edition next time)"
,Recommended,429660,29784458,Posted: 8 February,all,VERT,gameplay 👍graphic 👍story 👍bandainamco make me proud
,Recommended,429660,30224292,Posted: 27 February,all,Sin (π),Accurate dove simulator.Coo Coo/10
,Recommended,429660,29549464,Posted: 28 January,all,lototele,"With a few hours logged in to Berseria, I wanted to write a review of what I've experienced so far and update my review as necessary. In terms of plot, Namco Bandai comes through very well with a different type of story than usually told by their games. Berseria is dark, way dark. The combat system, while still clunkier than some of the old favorites like Abyss and Symphonia, is a decided improvement on the fixed arte sets in Zestiria. There are some subtle and some not so subtle references to previous tales games that are always enjoyable. Overall, so far, I'd giv e this game a 7.5/10 would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,429660,33370918,Posted: 8 July,all,Derpson,"A solid action-jRPG, but not without its weak points. While it shines in the combat department, offering a variety of different mechanics and interactions along with good progression and visualization of battles, it's just average/above average in almost everything else. The story is there, but there are plenty of cliches and you can see all the plot twists a mile away and if you don't they just stale and not exciting at all. The story also has a few really vanilla and unimaginative tear baits, which feel so tacky and forced that i can't imagine anyone would actually fall for them. As with the rest of ""Tales of"" series, graphics are just barely pass as current gen. and mostly because of good looking combat and somewhat good looking main characters - the environments are just incredibly dull and have a ""boxy"" feel to them. Also, as with previous games, Tales of Berseria has lots of unnecessary backtracking (although it's mostly optional).To summarize:Combat and character progression - great.Story - average.Graphics - below average.Design - average.Sound & Music - average.All in all, i consider the game worth the discounted price i payed for it during a sale, i have doubts about its value for a full price."
,Recommended,429660,32858885,Posted: 27 June,all,Axon,Probably one of the most enjoyable game I have played in 2k17
76561197975277314,Not Recommended,429660,31677505,Posted: 10 May,all,robthebob11,"Mechanically an improvement over Zestiria, but be forewarned: the game is very linear. If you're one of those who called FFXIII a ""hallway simulator,"" you'll feel something similar for this game, waiting and waiting and waiting for the game to open up and let you explore. Most of the side content doesn't unlock until the very end or post-game, so be prepared for quite a slog if exploration is what you're after. If you're just in it for the story or the combat though, this will probably float your boat. Good game, just not terribly well paced."
76561197977328075,Recommended,429660,29638232,Posted: 1 February,all,Roguehunter11,First time playing a tales of game but  just this one makes me want to buy all the others too. Great combat system. Great characters. Tons of stuff to do! high recomendation
76561198044636531,Recommended,429660,30345380,Posted: 5 March,all,Setz,"The first good ""tales of"" game since vesperia back in 2004. If you like JRPGs with excellent world building and story, with combat without barrier to entry and yet high skill celling, I very much recommend you pick this game up.For those who want more of a challenge, i suggest you play on Moderate or higher difficulty, as I did find the default difficulty was a little too easy."
,Recommended,429660,29940236,Posted: 15 February,all,Kaimu,"Best tales games on PC, if not all....Pros:+ Great battle system+ Refreshing cast+ Minigames+ Interesting storyCons:- No overworld- Artes can't be carry over to new game+Well, this game is miles better than Zestiria. It fixed many flaws in Zestiria, like more interesting story, many activity outside story (like: minigames), etc...."
,Recommended,429660,30501075,Posted: 13 March,all,MystifiedFlash,"Tales of Berseria does for Tales of Zestiria, what Tales of Xillia 2 did for Tales of Xillia but better.Improved the combat system making every character unique and special.Built off a horrendous story based off the ideas of the previous installment of the Tales game and established more interesting characters.A great experience, a must buy for anime/jrpg fans.Combat may get mashy at times but game is a total blast in all through the story and gameplay.9/10"
76561198017685970,Recommended,429660,30570845,Posted: 17 March,all,Firnantok,This was my 3rd Tales Of game after Zestiria and Symphonia and it added all the stuff that made Symphonia a masterpiece to the world/systems created in Zestiria (which I loved as a JRPG but missed a lot of Tales Of fluff). 140+ hours of play time and it never got boring.For me this is might be the game of 2017.10/10
,Recommended,429660,30663424,Posted: 21 March,all,Andriel Chaoti,"I bought this game a month ago, and I can't put it down... This has to be one of the best games in the Tales of series that I have played since Tales of the Abyss. Also, the fact that the frame-rate limiter can be set to either 30 or 60 makes it infinitely better than the PC port of Zestiria!"
,Recommended,429660,30413852,Posted: 9 March,all,FreeFurret,"You will spend ~60% of time in game for combat, which has excellent combat system. You can play any character from 6 unique character with a plenty of combo to choose from.You will spend ~20% of time in game for walk/quest/story, which has awesome story.And you will spend ~20% of time in game for inventory management.Seriously tho, clearing/upgrade/disassemble inventory can be a pain if u grind a lot. But please do not let this distract you from the fact thatin 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hellthis is a really fantastic game. Really worth it."
76561198352176112,Recommended,429660,30776241,Posted: 27 March,all,Kuro,"This game is awesome and it HAS to be in my Top 10 of my favourite game ever.I came to know the series with Phantasia on the GBA, and then I got Vesperia, RM3 on PSP and Zestiria at my friend's PS3, and I just love it. It's what Final Fantasy should be, instead of what it turned to be: stick to your core gameplay, change something around and improve over time.The story is nothing new, but the thing that is kinda unique is that you're actually the bad guy in the eyes of the people, like in Valkyria Chronicles 3. This kinda breaks the tradition of classic J-RPGs, where you are the hero. I'll stop here so I don't write spoilers or anything :)The port is ok. I never had any issues. I tried the TBFix which looks awesome, but for me it just gave me troubles, so I dropped  and I only use ReShade now. The specific issue that it gave me was WAY MORE loading times and more loading times in battles with temporary freezes between artes, only on the first one when I launched the game tough, and when I Alt-Tabbed, both in Borderless and Fullscreen. I didn't fret too much about it because again: ReShade and you're good to go.Last thing: my favourite character is Eizen."
,Recommended,429660,31480895,Posted: 1 May,all,chrisxtyna,"Great story, great gameplay, playing as every character in combat is much more fun than in Zestiria (love that game too). Only 'complaint' I'd have is that the highest difficulty (chaos) was a nice challenge in the first playthrough (once you unlock it), in NG+ you pretty much breeze through.Conclusion, everyone saying that Magilou is the best girl isn't lying and all my 200 hours and money were well spent. Definitely recommend you pick up this game.Looking forward to seeing more 'Tales of' on steam."
76561198198723621,Recommended,429660,30152943,Posted: 24 February,all,K1NGG,One off the best if not the best game i have ever playedPros:- Sick story- Loveable characters- Fluent and overall good combat system- large open world with different sceneries- A lot of humour in the cutscenes♥♥♥♥ it all was amazing just buy it already
,Recommended,429660,30150083,Posted: 24 February,all,LGunn,Tales of Berseria is a great game that lives up to the Tales Of name. It takes it time to teach you all of it's combat system but it also give you time to master them between each new tutorial. The story plays out nicely but a lot of the character development occurs during the majority of the skits that play out during the game. Overall this is one of the better Tales of games that deserves to be played.
,Recommended,429660,30307386,Posted: 3 March,all,Dimension,"One of the most best video game experiences I have ever felt. This one is going to stay with me for a very long time.Wonderful characters, story, and gameplay.Fully worth the price and countless hours of enjoyment I have gotten out of this game. Playing this game is proof that you're truly alive.10/10"
76561198050129887,Recommended,429660,29767426,Posted: 7 February,all,mcalihe2,"Loved this game.  MC with a dark side.  It's like playing the Celestial Record from Zesteria, but reveals the inaccuracies.  Gonna play Zestiria again just for the connections and those moments knowing the truth makes me say outloud WRONG! lol   Wouldn't splurge on the DLC Adventure pack right off the bat unless your into a cheapened first time playthrough.  No judgment here, just a warning if your looking for the full experince."
,Recommended,429660,29694574,Posted: 4 February,all,俺が片を付ける,althrought tales series never make me disapointed but this game is the best tales series existbuy it if you're big fan of combat tactics rpg 100/10 for tales series and 1000/10 for tales of berseria
76561198298905419,Recommended,429660,29699162,Posted: 4 February,all,lanstrife1,"First played Tales of Legendia and been a fan ever since. Symponia, Legendia, and the Abyss were always the best to me. Zistesuckaballs im glad i skipped. Bersaria, given time, may replace my fave of Legendia. Dude that designed character in this one means the characters are engaging and instill a desire to watch the story unfold. The characters and their relationships( dont forget the comedy skits) have always been a cornerstone to a great Namco Tales game. Been waitng for a very long time to get my hands on a good ole JRPG and this is definitely the best one ive seen in years. Feels like a live action anime movie as a game. very responsive and fast paced combat, no load time at all, tons of side content and mini games, main character is a demon babe with well deserved kickass attitude( every young boys and forever ons dream girl). Just buy the damn game and be happy, drink your root beer, reminisce over childhood memories that remind you of why you fell in love with JRPGs, and cry yourself fto sleep when its all over praying .... praying you dont have to wait years and ff7 remake wont make you lose hope in humanity."
,Recommended,429660,29728090,Posted: 5 February,all,Syrii,"As a tales fan who loved Vesperia and Grace, this ones definatly going in my top tales games list.My only gripe about this one however is world exploration for Items isnt that satisfying as a jrpg should be. 90% of items found are just sellable junk.Also its 49.99 and not 59.99 :D"
76561198055616363,Recommended,429660,29731184,Posted: 5 February,all,Decimation Nation,"An RPG port done right! The overall optimization of this game is astounding! GTX 1070 = 4k@60FPS, max settings, never a single stutter or dropped frame. Recent patch fixed the AI issues I'd been reading about, which is why I delayed my purchase as long as I did. Long gone are the annoying camera issues that plagued Zestiria, as well! BANDAI, keep up the excellent work, and let's see more QUALITY PORTS of Tales games on Steam in the future!"
,Recommended,429660,29731580,Posted: 5 February,all,マギンプイ,"""Why do you think birds fly?""  This question gets asked too many times. But overall this is an amazing game. Prob wins one of my favorite tales series games next to Xillia/Abyss. The game is set as a prequel to Tales of Zestiria with several returning characters(Not playable Zestiria Characters).The biggest thing about Berseria that improved alot is character development for all 6 characters. Each character has their own backstory and you get to know each character very well. Tales of Berseria introduces a new mechanic called ""Break Soul"". Souls works as your combo capacity meter so you esstinally give up combo power to your target to gain abilities and they will do the same to you. Esstinally a tug-of-war type format. Expending souls will gain you Blast Gauges(They do not increase as you guard/attack normally like in Zestiria) which will enable you to do more powerful attacks.Pros:Outstanding Cast with Great Voice Acting (You can pick your audio type)Battle system (Free run is enabled at start and tutorial is kept pretty short)Decent Costumes that come with the gameGood MusicAnime CutscenesTitles let you have a specfic playstyle you can adapt to.Cute Minigames.Cons:Mastery over Equipment GrindFew dungeons feel copy pasted."
76561198001258026,Recommended,429660,29741737,Posted: 6 February,all,FYInsanity [Khaydri],"TL;DR: Whether you've played Tales before or not, if you want a good story-driven JRPG, pick it up. Prequel or not it stands well on its own two feet and makes a good game, even as an introduction to newcomers what Tales is all about.I've played Symphonia, Abyss, Vesperia, Zestiria. I've replayed two of them for completion. This is hands-down my favorite tales game ever; previously that was Vesperia for the characters, story and system, and because it was my first completed Tales game, so it'll always hold a special place in my heart. I'm not done yet, writing this review as of avout 36.5 hours. At this point I know I'm well-beyond the half-way point but there's still a long way to go. But this game has absolutely astonished me. In all the games I've played I've never had such a visceral, borderline tears at some points reaction to any game, movie, even anime I've watched in my 27 years on this planet. Its made me angry, sad, tears of joy, I even almost broke my controller at one point in outright fury. If you're on the fence about the game or even the 'Tales Of' series, do yourself a favor, and pick it up. I'd hands-down reccommend this game to anyone, and have. I'm even writing a review which is extremely uncharacteristic of me. It makes it in with the great in my honest opinion, and is definitely worthy of being the introductory game in someone's introduction to what Tales is all about, prequel or not."
76561198076872050,Recommended,429660,29766032,Posted: 7 February,all,sam_cam_1987,Best Tales game after Symphonia - Great fun!
76561198258327653,Recommended,429660,29790269,Posted: 8 February,all,soto bakso,Best tales of game in PC so far.The story is so much better than zestiria. Battle system is fun and not too confusing. Having simple equipment system is also helpful.Overall this game is worth your money.
76561197960430776,Recommended,429660,29948178,Posted: 15 February,all,CTRL-Z@Aro,"Tales of Berseria is a great game.A woman after revenge, is this the only part of the story you might ask? Nooo... the story is sooooo much bigger than that - and the small anime clips can intertained for hours about your wierd crew members ;)+ It is a fantastic journey+ Running great on my laptop+ Lovely Music+ Cool battle system - upgrade your weapons ""reminds me a bit of darksouls upgrade system"" find materials to do so up to level 9+ Newgame+ heck yea! transfer your items over ""this depends how much rank you have saved upOnly minus from me- You really need to take some breaks, and come back - The story is really long, and if you want to read everything, it can be a bit tiring (And it would be awfull to just skip the story)But 9 out of 10 from meCool game!"
76561197966996827,Recommended,429660,29949147,Posted: 15 February,all,Samurai,"If your interested in a good revenge story with a cast of interesting characters and good gameplay, I highly recommend Tales of Berseria!I like RPGs and JRPGs mostly for the story and gameplay, primarily the story.  I don't quite remember what my first Tales series game was, but I do remember the first one that really impressed me, and that was Vesperia ( minus Carol ).  I recently bought and beat ToZestiria which was, except for the music, pretty bad overall ( especially the story which seemed to be aiming for cringiest Tales game of the year, and I got the feeling they rushed the ending...  while some of that can be blamed on trying not to spoil Berseria's story... the writing was pretty horrible. )Tales of Berseria really shines in character and story ( for an RPG ) and I have definitely been waiting for a game like this for awhile.  I have also played the Legend of Heroes:  Trails in the Sky ( FC and SC ) as well as LoH: Trails of Cold Steel ( I & II ).  I mention those games because they also shine in the story and immersion department.  Since I have played those 4 games I have been really wanting a good story driven game and Berseria really fit the bill.  This, more than anything, is why I hope you give Berseria a try ( there is a demo ) and I hope you enjoy the experience.  ToBerseria really restored my belief in the Tales of games again!  So what are you waiting for, go play it!!So I realized later that I did not really touch on the gameplay.  Sorry, that was partly because if you have played one ""Tales of"" game the gameplay is mostly the same ( with improvements and tweaks to the standard action oriented gameplay ).  However they have added Break Souls to this iteration and combat can be very fluid if you take advantage of the Break Soul system... however in the early stages of the game sometimes it can be difficult to get souls even if you abuse weakness, sidestep, and block properly leaving you under 3 souls and kind of hosed until you get more.  Normally I go through a Tales game on normal or hard (depending on the game) until my second playthrough on Nightmare/Chaos.  In Berseria, once I unlocked Chaos, I stayed on Chaos for the rest of the game... this might mean the combat is too easy or I am just a Tales vet at this point.  I think the combat could have been harder because there was only one ""Boss"" mob that was actually difficult that I just had to find gear with reflect skills on them in order to beat.  However in my second playthrough I have had alot of fun playing all the different characters and I think I really like Magilou and Rokurou's combat styles as well.So overall I enjoyed the gameplay and you can play the demo to get a feel for the combat ( it is late game enough to give you the full feel of what combat will be like for most of the game ).Graphics and sound were both good overall ( for a Tales game ).  They are similair to Zestiria but strangely I liked the music in Zestiria more than Berseria.So... play the game/demo already!  :PP.S.  On a side note, if you have not yet played Trails in the Sky or Trails of Cold Steel yet I recommend trying them too.  Trails in the Sky is more of an old school RPG but it has real heart, story, and charm.  Once you get past the older graphics its a really good game that would be a shame to miss out on just because of the graphics.  Trails of Cold Steel is unfortunately not on Steam but you can get it on PS Vita or PS3/4 I believe and the graphics are much better but its more of a JRPG with a social aspect.  Enjoy!~"
,Recommended,429660,29720372,Posted: 5 February,all,_Undefined,"good, as far as games go. I am new to the tales series and I'm enjoying myself so far. oddly enough, I'm not experienncing the AI issues experienced by most people."
,Recommended,429660,29748910,Posted: 6 February,all,Poseidon,"================||  Overall Score: 9/10 ||================So before I go into each category, I want to give a brief TLDR. This game is most definitely worth getting and you will enjoy your time with it even though it does not have the standardish battle style of ""Tales of"" games, and it ranks up among the top made in my opinion.Now that that is out of the way, there is one other thing to address. One of the things that draws you into a ""Tales of"" game is the battle system, and this one is much different in that you do not have TP and do not bind Artes (techs) like normal. Instead, every ""attack"" is an arte that is set in a 4x4 grid that you decide which button will have that arte and which ""attack"" number that arte will be in the combo. Basically, what this comes down to is you will either have to do a lot of micromanaging to get it perfect or just get a general setup for each button for different purposes and never worry about it again. This isn't necessarily bad, but it takes away the feel of using an arte for just attacking.-------------------------Character Design - 10/10Velvet could not be any more perfect. Not much to say other than extremely well done characters. Whichever you choose to go with, the English or Japanese voice actors, they both did a good job (though it is generally decided that the majority of JP voice actors do a much better job).Map/Level Design - 6/10I almost give it a pass, but I generally do not like this newer style of going through areas. Instead of going to a ""World Map"" where you travel, it is similar to Tales of Xillia where you travel through different areas by going through small groups of maps to simulate an open world, which looks nice, but you have very little area to go and little to explore. It is worth noting that Xillia does this better and does not feel as similar as some of the places in this game do, and you will find yourself going back to the same areas to farm up more spirits. This is the weakest part of the game but does not prevent enjoyment.Story - 10/10A very dark story, this is a refreshing change of pace from most other games. This game is about vengeance, and if the world had to be burned or saved for that to happen, Velvet would make it happen.Combat - 9/10I know in the begining I gave this a bit of a hard time, but it is simply different, and it not only feels good, but makes sense in terms of the story. The system of absorbing souls becomes very intuitive and just feels right. The only problems I have with this are 1) The artes do not feel like artes, they feel like regular attacks. 2) The Mystic Artes do not feel like mystic artes, they feel more like burst artes from Tales of Vesperia. Again, this does not detract much if at all, and the mystic artes do make a big impact, but they just don't feel like they are as strong as Mystic Artes from previous games.Itemization - 10/10This is worth mentioning here that the way that herbs grow back where you found them, the way skill you learn from gear becomes permanent on each character after learning them, the upgrades to equipment, loot drops, the special items dropped from bosses all make a huge impact on the game in a very positive way. Worth putting here and noting it for sure. Also worth noting, definitely starting difficulty should be at least moderate and you may want to go up from there.Minigames - 9/10You have to know that there are a TON of minigames within the game, as well as a bunch of spirits to collect to open katz chests. You will not get bored at having to grind the same minigame to unlock a bunch of new items and tokens.Replayability - 9/10High replayability. This is where ""Tales of"" games usually shine the most, where you have the ability to play them for an absolutely obscene amount of hours and not be bored of it. With a new game + feature, you are able to start a new game with whatever you were able to purchase in the grade shop. The grade shop is something you visit when you load up data from after beating the game and you use all the grade that you have been earing throughout the game to purchase things like keep skills, more XP, more health, a grade multiplier, and much more.--------------------Ending CommentsI give it an overall score of 9/10Velvet Crowe might be my favorite ""Tales of"" character, and Berseria does rank among the top ""Tales of"" games, Vesperia, Symphonia, Abyss, and Xillia (except we only got one of those previous ones in what can now be called working condition). However, the ultimate of ""Tales of"" games is still Tales of Vesperia. It is the culmination of everything they had been doing up to that point and everything came together perfectly for it, and it is the only one that I can give a perfect score. This is a good quality port, so we know they can make a good port when they put the effort into it, so you might want to keep an eye out in case one of those comes out. In the mean time, you will have a great time playing Tales of Berseria."
76561198129384137,Recommended,429660,29695190,Posted: 4 February,all,Moonwalker,Much better then past few games. Combat system is improved; graphics improved; much more likeable characeters. If you like Tales this is one of the best; up there with Vesperia; Abyss; maybe not as good a xilia 2 as far as characters and combat goes. Now i actually wanna play Zesteria.Update: I am 15 hours in and this game is such a upgrade and true successor to the old games; as in Tales of Graces. I think Zesteria tried to update the Graces F system but failed because of lack of character control due to the Armatize system. Now you can swap in and out all your characters to form chain combos with the entire party; and with more specialized arte customization this is amazing!Gone are the normal attacks of the olden tales days tho; which isn't bad. The combat and arte customization is akin to the Ps2 game Godhand! Which is vasty underplayed and rated as well. Which this means to gammers who haven't played Godhand is that you basically chose which moves goes over what button in a sequence of 4. Amazing; I'm juggling enemies in the air with custom combos! To players who haven't played a Tales Game; its a customizable RPG BEAT EM UP with a anime story basically.UPDATE COMPLETED GAME 80 hours: Yep. I completed the game in 80 hours which is a good length for Tales Games; some games like vesperia and abyss literally DRAG ON. This one was pretty good about just getting to the point and I still have good generic Tales endgame content to deal with; Like a few EX dungeons and side quests. Also a big cheer to the end dungeon; games like Tales of Graces F; and Xillia 2 had some terrible end dungeons. Xillia 2 is hands down the worst dungeon.Story: Simple; predictable; funny and a bit sad too. This is a good one for the basic for any anime lovers and I particularly like the generic story of Rokurou the Swordsman from the East. The Ending also is very good.Overal Ratings from a Tales Fan:Tales of VesperiaTales of Xillia 2Tales of BeseriaTales of Graces FTales of AbyssTales of SymphoniaTales of ZesteriaTales of LegendiaSo yes this is a good additon to the Tales Series and a good entry game as well.
,Recommended,429660,29695867,Posted: 4 February,all,Zelkovas,So far this game is great. Worth to buy
76561198000660982,Recommended,429660,29727882,Posted: 5 February,all,DarKnightnv,Excellent game for all Tales Of fans !
,Recommended,429660,29750020,Posted: 6 February,all,allie.,"Great battle system, great story, great characters, first RPG in a while to get me absolutely hooked. Couldn't be more happy with this game."
,Recommended,429660,29768314,Posted: 7 February,all,Mersault Quilava,"If, like me, Tales of Zestiria made you question your loyalty to the Tales series... look no further. Rejoice. What Namco have released here may well be the best Tales game to date, with fantastically re-balanced and fun combat, fantastically deep yet fun characters, and a sprawling and relatable plotline within a beautiful world. A return to form."
76561198048405175,Recommended,429660,30579808,Posted: 17 March,all,Nello,"Tales of Berseria is probably the richest of the modern 'Tales of' games. Not only it succeeds in improving the mechanics of the previous games, but also it introduces an interesting new mood to the series: this isn't a story about heroes; instead, it's a story about the villains, who seek revenge and will not stop even if their deeds are to break the order of the world.Telling the story of a group of underdogs is thrilling, and the rather darker mood it brings to the series gives a fresh feeling, however, the main quality of a story isn't always about what it tells, but how it tells, and Berseria has that quality. The story is very well-written from start to end, and the characters are captivating, making you laugh and have fun even in the darkest hours. The story takes places in the distant past of Zestiria's events, so there is no need to have played it to get to this game, however, for those who did play it, it is really joyful to constantly notice the little details relating to Zestiria's past, showing not just funny curiosities, but doing an exellent job in explaining the origin of many events that latter happen in Zestiria.The combat greatly improved over the previous games, and it's safe to say it has one of the best mechanics of the series. The possibility of switching characters at any time in the middle of the battles gives fluidity to the combat, and along with a more simple skill management, the system seems more intuitive than ever before.The item improvement system was very criticized in Zestiria for being too complex, an issue that was solved in Berseria. This game has a rather simple equipment mastery system, which is really easy to grasp and to use, not demanding an insane amount of grinding to harness the best out of your equipment.Finally, this is a great game, and, personally, one of the best games of the 'Tales of' series, going up the shelf together with Symphonia and Abyss. Not only recommended for the fans of the series, but for anyone who happens to be looking for a good JRPG."
,Recommended,429660,30986374,Posted: 6 April,all,randsm5,Loving it so far!
,Recommended,429660,31464780,Posted: 30 April,all,Thane,"Excellent story, strong cast of characters, and fluid combat. The world can be a little boring to explore, but that hardly detracts from the game given its strength in other areas. Definitely worth it if you like JRPGs."
76561198048281211,Recommended,429660,31510583,Posted: 2 May,all,Harukawa-Chan~,"Let me start by saying this: I've been a fan of the Tales series since Symphonia (the gamecube version). And I gotta say, no other Tales game has captured me like this one for a long long time. Tales of Berseria is one of the most polished Tales game to date. The game took me on a 60H of joy ride through its amazingly crafted story, awesome cast of character, wonderful combat system, and its dark but witty humor. I cannot stress how much I enjoyed this game, and I would recommend any jrpg fan to try out this game!"
,Recommended,429660,30132591,Posted: 23 February,all,amuk.massa,"Finally a fun JRPG. Great cast of characters, decent combat, and lots of things to do.I woudn't say that Berseria blew my mind, but it is still a great title considering many supposedly AAA JRPG fails to deliver in PS3 era.I really hope Bandai Namco will bring future Tales titles to PC too."
76561198145738448,Recommended,429660,29533723,Posted: 27 January,all,pookydel,"[Edited]I had initially made a negative review on this game because of the AI bug, but it's been fixed and the game's become much more enjoyable for me.The game is beautiful, probably the best game in the series since Vesperia or Graces F. Everyone's got some sort of tragic past and it's not your typical ""I'm from a small village and I'm gonna save the world!"" JRPG.The areas on the map are fairly small so it doesn't feel like you're exploring all that much, but the visuals are still beautiful, so it doesn't matter too much.All in all, this is a wonderful game, and I highly recommend it to either anyone who's been a longtime fan of Tales, or even those new to the series."
,Recommended,429660,29635981,Posted: 1 February,all,Dawgbowl,"For the first few days, the game was fantastic and I was enjoying it. It is far better than Zestiria. The story and characters are more interesting, the skill system isn't nearly as complicated and grindy, and the combat feels fun again for the first time in a long time.------------------------------------------------------Then Bamco released a patch late Monday night (1/30/2017) that completely broke my game. First, I can't plug in the controller until AFTER the 'add-ons' page, or the game crashes. Worse, when I have the game loaded up and enter a battle, the audio is loud, distorted, repeats itself and the game is completely unplayable.There appear to be 3rd party/fan fixes to some of these issues, but this is unacceptable. A game should work straight out of the box for its users. I've only had one worse experience with the 'board game -> steam game' boss monster port which literally, was impossible to play because you couldn't proceed through the tutorial.-------------------------------------------------------------2/3/2017 UPDATE:The game has been fixed. It is still dissapointing that Bamco released a patch that knowingly broke the game, but at least now I can recommend it. I still advise anyone to use extreme care when purchasing from them in the future."
76561198210431069,Recommended,429660,29744470,Posted: 6 February,all,JinVarrel,Ok dudes of the company...you finally done it.Another success game from you.Combat system-story everything are awesome.I recommend 10/10 this game.Usually even in jrpgs i skip the cutscenes from one moment and after but this time i will do an exception because this story looks very interesting on me.The game is well worth of buying.You really are a great example of making good games and some other companies need to see from you.Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,429660,29781552,Posted: 8 February,all,ah_3388,Niiice
,Recommended,429660,29780443,Posted: 8 February,all,Seto Mulyadi,Best tales game I've played
,Recommended,429660,30361304,Posted: 6 March,all,Le Reptilien,'cause I love all Tales of I can't say it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game even if the best stay Tales of Symphonia for me ^^It's a very good game but if you don't know Tales of you need to do ther other ^^Good game
76561198309814412,Recommended,429660,30317531,Posted: 4 March,all,BeAsT BOi54,"Very nice tales of game, has a unique story somehow connected to Tales of Zesteria."
,Recommended,429660,30271173,Posted: 1 March,all,Inu,"This game absolutely blew my expectations out of the water. After the mediocre and bland, lifeless game that was Tales of Zestiria, its prequel, Tales of Berseria just absolute throws Zestiria into the trash.Within the first hour I was drawn into the plot, and the gameplay itself is pretty good for a Tales game, much, MUCH more refreshing than Zestiria, which had an overeliance in its Armatization mechanic and AI that would actively TRY to sabotage you.Berseria is a tale of revenge and follows the story of Velvet Crowe, the first proper female protagonist in the Tales of series, and she's very well written, just like the rest of the cast and crew, and you can't help but feel for her and your own party.The upgrade system from Zestiria is gone and now you can learn skills from items PERMANENTLY which is a huge plus as it opens the door for a lot of personal customization options for your characters, giving every item a purpose and a reason to be equipped/upgraded. It's not as convoluted as Zestiria's and much more easy on the player and straight-forward.The combat still retains the Blast Guage mechanic later on in the game, which is used for Mystic Artes or to swap characters mid-battle, and now uses a Soul Guage, which is similar to the BC Guage mechanic from older Tales of games, which is a regenerating resource which dictates how much actions you can do in a combo or how many times you can dodge. This resource is also used for a new combat mechanic, Break Souls, which can keep combos going or give you special advantages depending on the type of enemy you used it on (if using Velvet's Blast Guage), though each Blast Guage is different and adds plenty of interesting things to combos and combat in general.The plot itself might not seem like the best and to some you might think you're just being the bad guys, which I might add is pretty refreshing in itself and shouldn't be seen as a drawback as it breaks the tradition of always just being this ray of hope and goodness, but it's very refreshing to me, and the more cutscenes I saw, the more I found myself just wondering what was gonna happen next and feeling for the characters while also enjoying watching the journey allow them to grow and change. My only complaint is that sometimes skits come in huge floods and are sometimes plot-centric and placed in spots I'd rather just see a cutscene for, but I assume it was done this way in the interest of keeping the game as good as it is.As for the AI in this game, it's much, MUCH better and they won't try to screw you over, and if you set the AI up right you can basically make them incredibly valuable, though if you play on harder difficulties, you might find them dropping like flies in normal encounters, which when chained with other enemies, increase enemy count/level.Berseria has a lot of the same dungeon design from Zestiria, and it CAN be very bland, but at the very least the game has much more interesting scenery, and some areas are just absolutely beautiful unlike the bland, soulless areas found in Zestiria. There could stand to be some improvements with how things are laid out, but overall, I'm satisfied with the settings.If you were disappointed by Zestiria and want a JRPG with fun combat and interesting characters, do yourself a favor and buy Berseria when you can, it won't disappoint.Also, Velvet is best waifu."
76561198363563114,Recommended,429660,30888856,Posted: 1 April,all,crfeldmeth,"This is the first JRPG that I have purchased and played (3 hours today) and despite having to wade through a lot of cut scenes I still enjoyed the game pretty well. The graphics aren't the greatest but they're not bad and the game actually looks pretty good overall and I had no problems running it on my PC, though I did use an XBox controller. One other thing is I don't much like the way the menus are set up. All in all a pretty positive experience and since I've heard the game gets better later I am looking forward to that."
76561198261294065,Recommended,429660,30886815,Posted: 1 April,all,Whitley Schneeze,"I had been a uge Tales fan since I was young, its the video game that got my sister and I to be so close. My first Tales game was Vesperia (Xbox version.... rip me) and i didnt think anything could top that but then I played Berseria. It is definatly alot darker than the other Tales games and its quite touching. I didn't expect for the game to get so intense so fast. The relationship between malakhim and hhumans are incredibly interesting.I'd honestly give this game a four out of five for only one reason... Kamoana's ♥♥♥♥ing voice it the most annoying, ear piercingly shril voice in the whole damn world. I genuinely dread going back to the hide out because I know i have to hear her speak. I would totally reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys a complex and long story, but head my advice and turn down the volume upon meeting Kamoana."
76561198016497486,Recommended,429660,30898380,Posted: 2 April,all,Kadoosh,"Amazing story, probably the best in the series. Gameplay segments can get a bit too draggy though, but the game runs great and the battles are pretty fun. 9/10 for me."
76561198044595616,Recommended,429660,30913760,Posted: 2 April,all,ZeroProxy,"Fantastic entry into the tales library, not just dark for the sake of being edgy, but actually meaningful and thought provoking in its themes.  Must play!"
,Recommended,429660,31114217,Posted: 13 April,all,Rebirth and Destruction,please play this game before tales of zestiria
76561198092127968,Recommended,429660,30687932,Posted: 23 March,all,XD,"You are the captain of your own ship, buy this game as proof that you're alive."
76561197965066739,Recommended,429660,32302107,Posted: 9 June,all,[OTK] pleth0ra,"Definitely the best game in the Tales series.  Great characters, awesome combat and a really good and emotional story. Some of the downsides to this game are your AI controlled tamates can be really dumb sometimes and just run around not healing or attacking, even given the right strategic settings. Another is the fact that all the really good alternate costumes for your characters are paid DLC. You can unlock some through sidequests in the game but they are nowhere near the quality of the DLC costumes. Other than that you get a good chunk of a game, about 60 hours to complete the main game and another 20-40 hours to 100% the rest of the game, if you choose to. All in all a definite buy if you're into JRPG games."
76561198143390685,Recommended,429660,30267152,Posted: 1 March,all,pianogrinder,"Best....Tales....game......ever!This is my fourth tales game I've played and this one outshines them all. If you played Zestria then you will notice a certain wind serephim making it's appearence. This game is a rollercoaster of emotions, Beautiful one moment, and deeply nightmarish and brutal at other times. The graphics are A-Maze-ing! some of the things look so real as far as landscape and sky are concerned. The heroine, (or anti-heroine) kind of reminds me of Lightning (FFXIII) but more tougher and heartless. Velvet is one bad@$$ chick. The story is really compelling and doesn't leave a dull moment. The combat system is much improved over Zesteria and a lot of little things to make your party stronger. Once you wrap your head around that, it's fun.Tales of Berisia tops them all as far as i'm concerned."
,Recommended,429660,29828073,Posted: 10 February,all,Tristanl0l,it's good
,Recommended,429660,29954093,Posted: 15 February,all,Only Wonders,Im glad i become a tales fan 10/10.
,Recommended,429660,29677233,Posted: 3 February,all,sorathecrow,"Solved a lot of the issues I had with Zestiria.  Battle camera is back to just being usual levels of Tales-janky rather than completely uncontrollable, characters are much more likable and less vapid, and world design is more detailed.  Not everying is great, though.  The dungeons are so far (five hours in) pretty bland, caves with different color palettes.  Performance is better, with a capped 60 fps mode, but it's a stuttery, poorly framepaced 60 fps on a 1070!Having really been on a Nier kick lately, I appreciate the story for setting us as kind of the villains (like Nier, although perhaps less genocidal).  You're basically fighting the guys that have been the first thing to go even remotely right for the world.  I wouldn't call them good guys, not when they're fine with using magical children as mini suicide bombers to defeat their enemies, but they're about the only thing the world has representing stability, and we're setting out to destroy it.  It's an interesting predicament, because they're easy enemies to hate, but the game also does a pretty good job of illustrating all they've accomplished, and all the collateral damage our quest is going to cause.  Suffice it to say I'm looking forward to seeing more.Would I recommend it?  Yeah, if the story looks interesting to you.  This is a genuinely competent addition to the series.  Use the mod on the forums to help with the framepacing issues, though, since BN is too incompetent to fix their own issues."
76561198025148070,Recommended,429660,29777192,Posted: 8 February,all,EclipsedHusky,"TLDR : Better than Zesteria. Most of the character dialog is actually funny or character building. Story is a bit shallow, but stays on point through out. Combat is good, but a bit stale after some time.Pros--Decent combat (uses a risk reward system)-Quite a few bosses through out.-Has a demo GO TRY IT!-Continual progress for characters. Through ""mastering"" gear which enables passives on characters-New Game+ has the Grade shop like the older (and better) Tales Of games-Has a quick way to get around once world is more open. Albeit through consumable items.-A lot of small, yet game changing effects can be obtained. Are entirely optional though.-Has a Quick Save feature.-Titles are equipped. you have a bunch of them. They level up through various things like Fight count. Or enemies killed. etc.Cons--A lot of the combat moves you learn are multi-hit attacks. Many of these do a 1-2-delay-3-4 sort of attack often ending up with enemies guarding by the second set of attacks.-Learning the entire system of a certain character means you have pesudo-invinciblity making many fights long, yet laughable.-Lack of humorous Skits.-Normin species is back again (I hate Normins)-Harder difficulties not only make enemies stronger, but do sorta dumb stuff like REDUCE all healing Spells by 1/2 or some such.-Really long duration between being able to Level up gear by smithing (kinda neutral since you change gear often for Mastering)-Obtaining higher end crafting items is a massive time hog.-Whilst playing through on the hardest difficulty(possible at the time) I often told my team mates to FULL DEFEND, just because they would die off too often.-Finding side quests requires you to just teleport to Towns and other areas, pop open the map and just look for ! marks on the maps. Not even like hints what towns or areas such quests or side things are in.-One of the dungeon areas has a puzzle system that feels really out of place since NOTHING, and no one mentions it.-Enemies do not have a guarding stance visually while guarding. UNLESS they are guarding something hitting them. It is really stupid.-A lot of the gear altering effects you unlock feel very underwhelming.-Most dungeons feel like they have a lot of fluff (halls with no enemies) This is sorta fixed if you use a Dark bottle which attracts more enemies.-Team mates commonly ignore using the element enemies are weak to, unless set to ""attack weak spots"" Which is really dumb seeing as back in the PS2 and gamecube days allies would just use weaknesses if they knew em. And if set to this mode Mage types commonly run in and get their butts kicked."
,Recommended,429660,33617458,Posted: 17 July,all,Xeoah,"Really love this game, havent really played any JRPG and im not into anime either. However the story and characters here along with a combat system that kept me learning it till the end made this game a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,429660,33539597,Posted: 14 July,all,Noume-,"Tales of BerseriaPlaytime: 81 hoursDifficulty: HardIT'S GREAT GAME ! This is the first Tales of Berseria (maybe) where the main character acts as an antagonist. Completely antagonistic to the end of the story.This story of the main character is a girl who grows up who initially good but all changed when the incident happened to him to become a very revenge girl. And want to take revenge against that person.In contrast to the main character of the previous tales are usually good or cheerful LOL.Throughout this game, Later the main character will meet with foreigners and enemies who will become friends for helping the main character because both have the same purpose. Not only that, there will also be funny experiences with the party, as well as a painful and depressing ""pain"" moment.The story is simple but effective. Well, I do not want to talk more about the story.This gameplay is JRPG kind of hack & slash, same as tales series.There is a sidequest and can cook to give effect for battle.What I like is that the characters in this game are not just 'filler' characters. From the protagonists to the antagonists to the other relevant NPCs, everyone has their own stories to tell, They are easy to remember as they make the whole story for me.Pros:+ Awesome Characters! Everyone has a story to tell.+ Amazing Story! Dark but still, very good+ Good Voice Acting (Magilou and Bienfu so funny)+ Fun Combat+ Interesting sidequest+ SKATEBOAAAARD+ 60 FPS!+ Good Mini games!Mixed:+ - Sometimes meet a powerful enemy (Dire foe) so suddenly, but fortunately we can escape LOL+ - The bosses are badass but very few actually feel like bossesCons:- Repetitive enemies, enemys are reused and retextured :(- Boring equipment system that makes equipment very forgettable.The whole thing is good, worth it,  I do not regret buying when summer sale steam LOLI have not resumed Newgame+ so I do not know anything extra or even nothingOh yeah Morale: This teaches us to search the truth first before directly trust LOL because there is a party who does not believe the main character until finally find truth even bitter hell."
76561198004697067,Recommended,429660,29775178,Posted: 7 February,all,Konnery,best tales since vesperia
,Recommended,429660,29637167,Posted: 1 February,all,Snotnarok,"I've been enjoying the game so far, much more than Zesteria which had some problems that kept me from enjoying it enough to beat it. I mention this only because I was worried the same trends would carry into this and thankfully that's not the case.Berseria is better looking, better mechancially and better written. The characters are better and the levels wind up being better looking because of the flaws of Zesteria's battle system that required all field maps to be gigantic to be able to have combat in. Berseria has combat in it's own 'world' like other rpgs and keeps the battle arenas simple and not annoying and the fields to look more normal and less like a MMO where everything is overly open and empty.With Zesteria I couldn't get on with the main character, much different with Berseria.Enough about comparing, on it's own merrits the game so far is turning out great. Nice music, the visuals are nice enough, combat is fast and keeps things interesting. You get both english and japanese and thankfully the intro has lyrics.The visuals, some will probably complain. It looks like an enhanced last gen game at points, some bits are rough around the edges but overall because it's stylized it looks nice overall..The game has a variety of settings to change, apparently goes up to 4k even. At 1080p I have everything maxed out and thankfully they listened and the game runs at 60fps making things more fluid.My specs:i7 4770k8gb ramGTX970Windows 10The voices sound nice but I've also been playing only in japanese, will have to give the English voices a-go at some point I guess. I'm just happy Bandai Namco decided to let the west have the intro ith lyrics. The intros without lyrics are just ...lacking. Thankfully that isn't the case with Berseria, it's got lyrics and is lovely.Gameplay, it's a jrpg with active action battles, as I said they're fast and have mechanics you'll have to grasp to get the most out of but if you're not interested in diving too hard into that, there's a variety of difficutly options. I'm not super far into the game (2.5 hours in at time of writing) so they haven't given me all the tutorials I'm sure will come along but so far it feels like the PS3 exclusive Xillia.The combat is fast and keeps things moving and seems pretty deep.The story is only getting started, while it's started a bit cliche it has a lot of emotion and effort put into it so far and I'm really getting into it. Velvet has a strong motive and the events are really quite crazy. It's darker than other tales games with the exception of the incredibly lacking sequel to Xillia (Xillia 1 being great) which really doesn't make or break a game, but it's worth noting I guess if you want a more cheery game.I'm really enjoying this game so far, I'd go so far to say I love it minus one or two silly characters you run into. But so far it's great!I've seen some complain about the Adventure Item DLC, it's comically overpriced. But, if you buy that, that is on you. It offers what amounts to a bunch of cheats. Yes stupid to charge for them but you don't need them and it adds no depth to the game or new content, if anything it ruins the game. Safely ignored and if you think it's dumb don't support it, I didn't either.I'll be sure to update this, but so far it's been great.No bugs or anything to really note. It works day 1 which seems to be rare for games these days.Update #2The AI bug & sound bug are fixed officially by the devs and I can now give this game the double thumbs up."
,Recommended,429660,33736026,Posted: 22 July,all,The Lord of Pumpkins,"I started playing the Tales series with Zestiria, which I liked a lot but the game had a lot of problems. Plotholes, skimmed over details in the story, confusing equipment enhancing system and overal annoying gameplay mechanics both in the overworld and battle segments.Tales of Berseria overwhelmingly improves on Zestiria in almost every single way.The game's story is far more interesting, with genuinely hilarious and dark moments although like any anime, some parts fall under the usual storyline tropes. The game's story, skits and cutscenes make the entire gameplay experience just like watching an anime and the combat realy makes you feel powerful and meaningful. The characters in Berseria are also all entirely interesting, each with their own set of unique movesets and playstyles while maintaining quality in their own sub-plot lines. Beseria clears up the problems in several of the unfinished plot lines in Zestiria while keeping its own story much more interesting in comparison.The combat is outstanding, Zestiria's felt like a mess which ended up being generally unenjoyable. I had an absolutely blast in Beseria, the characters movesets, blast combos, mystic arts and how they interact with each other made every combat session a challenge to become even more efficient and even more deadly.Even the overworld experience is great, with features I wont get into to save the spoilers but any player of Zestiria will nod in approval when the slowly unlocked features become available.Tales of Beseria really is the game that Zestiria should have been and any fan of JRPGs or animes would love to have played through this game for its story alone. This is easily one of the best JRPGs I have ever played and I cant wait for the next one to be released.8-9/10Pros:Great StoryGreat GameplayGreat CharactersGreat references to Tales of ZestiriaCons:Same problem with the overworld although mitigatedSome combat events are ridiculous - both in its hilarity and difficulty"
,Recommended,429660,33847816,Posted: 27 July,all,ChaseOxide,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author(148 hrs on record)Tales of Berseria is a great addition to the ""Tales of"" series. I would say probably top 5 of the series.Berseria is not your typical JRPG with easy-going protagonist but instead it features a villian-like protagonist finding her way to get revenge.The story is slow at the beginning but once you get through 1/4 of it, it will get you hooked up till the end.Berseria is somewhat a prequel to Zestiria which I probably gonna play next.(+Pros)+References to previous ""Tales of"" series+Character Development+Great cast and chemistry between characters+Story+Music+Battle System+High replayability(-Cons)-Enchant system-Drop rate10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,429660,29786570,Posted: 8 February,all,Ad Victoriam,"I got this yesterday and stayed up all night playing it. It's been years since I've done that with a new video game. Nearly every moment has been fantastic.Pros:1. Runs extremely well. After playing a lot of games that are horribly optimized for the PC or are just flat out terribly coded, this game runs beautifully. I have an AMD card so there's always an underlying sense of dread when I purchase a new game. No issues whatsoever here, and I haven't had to update any drivers. Running it on ultra with 60 fps even with a lot going on in battles and my GPU is roughly 4-5 years old now.2. Absolutely beautiful. The cutscenes are superbly animated and the in-game graphics are great as well.3. Velvet is an amazing character. It would be have been very easy to make her into a stereotype, but you can tell she's very complicated. Most of the characters are awesome, although a couple are annoying.4. The combat . . . where do I begin? This is easily the best combat I've played in an RPG, and I've played the other Tales games as well. I have only used Velvet so far but she's extremely fun. The combat has a ton of depth in between combos, having different ""breaks"" based on what enemies you're fighting, and choosing when to use the breaks (because using it too early is bad as it shortens how long your combos can be).**SPOILERS**5. The storyline and the morality behind it is very mature. It's not your typical ""angels are good demons are bad"" type of affair that many games trend towards. In this game we see that neither side is really right or wrong. The antagonist had reasons for his actions and might have saved humanity, but the means that he used to do it were terrible. I think the general theme is, when have you fallen so far that life is no longer worth living?**END SPOILERS**Cons:1. The beginning is so idyllic that it's unbelievable. Also, it doesn't really have a lot impact because you know what's going to happen her (even from the cover art it's clear that something changes her).2. The witch is very annoying. Not really a big issue though, there's usually one really annoying character per game.3. Hard is too easy . . . outside of the ""elite"" encounters, which range from being difficult to being very challenging. Unfortunately, these encounters are somewhat rare. I would have liked to see more difficulty in normal fights. If there are four difficulty settings, the highest one should be very hard. Hard feels more like what ""challenging"" should have been.It seems like you need to grind a lot in hard mode to keep up with the average levels of the monsters you're facing. I don't get why they reduce the exp in challenging / hard. You can say ""you don't have to grind and the game will be easier!"" but you kinda do need to grind a bit in order to fight the elite monsters. The problem is, when you're at a level where you can take them on then the normal fights become trivial because the ""elite"" monsters tend to be 6-7 levels higher than the rest of the zone (you can usually fight them when you're 6 levels below them though).4. Score penalties for your NPCs getting KOd is lame. They should have moved the penalty to the resurrection item instead, because sometimes the NPCs are just dumb and they're basically guaranteed to die.Overall, the cons are somewhat irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. I would give this game a solid 9.6/10 overall."
76561198139556005,Recommended,429660,33639215,Posted: 18 July,all,Eliose Shadowmere,"My first Tales's game and it's amazing. The game feels personnal and the 2D dialogue is funny af sometimes. Magilou is pretty cute with her 2D animation and the English Voice Acting is great in this game too. The Japanese voice acting is okay, they kinda over exaggerate a bit and a couple area of the game is missing the voices of cutscene and the Surround Settings get rids of voices sadly."
76561198085294688,Recommended,429660,33921142,Posted: 30 July,all,SigmundXIII,STORY STORY STORY. Another fantastic title and I cannot recommend it more.
,Recommended,429660,30240994,Posted: 28 February,all,しつ,"It's a great game. Combat is flashy and feels smooth, characters and story are memorable and the soundtrack is great.While the game is not without flaws, it is a really great game in what it does. Those familiar with the Tales franchise will be happy with this game while newcomers have a perfectly great introduction to the franchise.The story takes a turn in your usual evil king plot and gives everyone a motivation and reason behind their actions instead.Dungeons in this game can however feel long/tedious. They aren't fleshed out like in other games sadly. However, the story, characters and gameplay make up for it to keep it going at a decent pace.Stick with the game for two hours and you'll find yourself with suddenly 30 hours of game time instead. Haven't felt that way since Symphonia and Abyss.(Also Velvet number one)"
76561198049432930,Recommended,429660,33834143,Posted: 27 July,all,Official 2S,"The game has quick save feature, remember to use it if you dont wanna waste a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of time running around again and again because your last save is where the dungeon started.I literally just juked my way through the last dungeon without fighting anything except the boss cause i want to quickly get this over with."
76561198141783266,Recommended,429660,34068897,Posted: 6 August,all,domms,"TL;DR: Fantastic story, combat is fun and has depth. Must-buy for any JRPG fans.Unlike many other JRPG where your goal is to be the good guy and do things just for some higher altruistic reasons, in Berseria, Velvet acts for her own goal: Vengeance. The rest of the party also acts for their own goals, which creates a very realistic and relatable squad. The plot is focused on Velvet's selfish emotions against Arthur's selfless will, in which Velvet seeks revenge, causing chaos and misery on her path; Arthur seeks order, and helps bring peace and stability to the world. Admist the hatred and misery, there are light hearted skits to lighten the mood and expand on each character, bringing more depth to every character without breaking the flow of the story.In combat, you can have up to 4 party characters on the field(you choose who is deployed amongst the 6 in the party), where you control one and the 3 others are controlled by the computer. The combat feels very satisfying as you watch your character perform beautiful sequences of combos(which can be customized). Additional systems are also in place so it isnt a simple button masher,  as exhausting your character means they're more vulnerable to getting stunned, and letting your character recovered allows them to execute longer combos with a higher chance of stunning the enemy instead.Overall, it has a great storyline, realistic and lovable characters, gameplay that feels smooth and rewarding that did not get reptitive even after 40 hours. I highly recommend Tales of Berseria."
,Recommended,429660,31919227,Posted: 23 May,all,sammykneen,"+ Heartfelt, engaging story.+ Great characters.+ Exciting battle system.+ Beautiful artstyle.+ Some great music and voice acting.- Bland dungeon designs.- Some not so great music and voice acting.- Some spelling and localization errors.- Inconsistent frametimes can cause stutter during gameplay.(This issue can be fixed by using the TBFix Mod to replace the game's framelimiter.)"
,Recommended,429660,30658757,Posted: 21 March,all,Sunbae,"First ImpressionsAs a sort of prequel to Tales of Zestiria, I would recommend playing it or watching the anime before delving into Tales of Berseria. The world building is insane with the amount of cameos and references to Zestiria, and you learn what happens to some key characters in this game. That being said, Berseria is a much bettergame, with its upgraded gameplay mechanics and better story. I ran it at 1440p, highest settings at 60 fps with a i7-4790K and a GTX 1070. That being said, this game probably isn't very demanding, so most people should be able to run it. The graphics aren't as realistic as newer JRPGs like FFXV or Nier: Automata, but this is a Tales game and it absolutely shines with its Tales-esque theme; it's gonna grow on you. The difficulty ranges from Simple, Normal, Moderate, Hard, Intense, and Chaos. For your first playthrough, I wouldn't go over Hard unless you buy the DLC that gives you all those bonuses.StorySome think that the game is simply too long. It took me about 70 to 80 hours to complete all the main and side missions while playing on Hard and Intense. I am currently in the EX Dungeon, which is a whole another thing. The story follows Velvet Crowe, a 16 year old girl living a complacent life in the relatively peaceful village of Aball. You go about hunting prickleboars and tending to your sickly younger brother, Laphicet. Then, everything changed whenthe fire nation attackedyour older brother in law ♥♥♥♥s up everyone and everything you knew to build an ideal world and throws you into a hellhole to fester your hatred.3 years later, some events happen and you are out for blood. Joining you out of rather weak, convenient, and rather funny motives are a whole slew of other playable characters. At the end, your party consists of 6 people, most of which play very differently. They're pretty happy-go-lucky about your plans to kill the savior of the world, and you really begin to fall in love with these characters with the cutscenes and skits, which are just images and text between characters. However these skits are one of the primary ways this game does world building and character development, so I don't recommend skipping them. Honestly, this whole story is very tragic as almost every character is flawed or broken in some way before, throughout, or even after the game. The whole spin on being the Lord of Calamity rather than the Shepherd, as in Zestiria, was something I can really appreciate and I rate the story as one of the best I've played in JRPGs. Seriously emotional if you took the time to watch and read the cutscenes and skits.Music and VoiceI began this game on Japanese, as I do with the majority of my JRPGs, but I eventually switched to English due to not being able to understand anything during more intense moments of gameplay where I couldn't afford to read since I would probably die. The switch however, was surprisingly welcome, as all of the characters were superbly voice acted. Some have their quirks but I honestly attribute that to their character and how the VA wanted to interpret them (Bienfu, Turtlez, Katz). The only lackluster part of the English version were the NPCs daudling about in town, but honestly, it's probably not going to bother anyone enough to make them hate the English dub. Rokurou, Shigure, and Magilou were among my favorites. The music... well, the ambient music stays pretty much the same within the set areas and it's unfortunate because the character themes themselves shine. Go listen to Velvet's theme, Magilou's theme, or some of the later battle themes and you'll wish the ambient music could step it up a bit. During the game, you unlock costumes which override the default battle music, and I recommend trying them out. Eleanor's outfit in particular.GameplayAs with every Tales game, there are artes, which are just basically ""moves"" you can perform. You chain them, cancel them, mystic them, link them with other characters to bring down enemies. Since there are so many, you can really customize the way you play. The combat system is more refined than Zestiria's, as I found it to be smoother and easier to chain combos, although that could just be because Velvet is utterly broken. The AI honestly isn't that bad and they even managed to carry me through harder battles. Just take off Magilou's mines and some healing artes/revives if you dont want them to be unnecessarily spammed.Each area has their own set of mobs, and if you manage to kill a lot of them, Dire Foes show up to ruin your day by being at least double your level and accompanied by unkillable allies. The bosses consist of Code Red Hunts, which are optional hunts within dungeons which reward money, the bosses from the main story, and sidequest bosses, which are honestly some of the hardest fights in the game (Phoenix...). The previous advantaged and disadvantaged encounters return from previous games and I recommend disadvantaged for grade farming, if you wanted to do NG+. Berseria brings new things to the table like Expeditions which help with cooking, which is pretty key to the game, and who doesn't like free stuff?One of the cons I can think of would be the equipment. So, there's a whole plethora of equipment of varying rarities and you eventually get bonuses for how many times your worn equipment have been upgraded. Unfortunately, upgrading the newest gear takes a lot out of your inventory like Odorless Fluids and the types of Tempering Powders. I can barely manage +15 across the board and I've beaten the main story, but the last of the bonuses come when you've enhanced a total of 50. And within those equipments come various random skills of various tiers and numbers. If you play on harder difficulties, you'll probably get items with 3 random skills of tier 3 rarity, while simple or easy will probably net you one random skill of probably the lowest rarity. RNJesus help us.ConclusionSo if you've stuck around enough to read all this, I'm surprised and appreciate it. All in all, I think this is one the best games I've ever played, especially in the past few years. I've spent over 500 hours in the Witcher 3 + all its expansions and loved the vast majority of it, and Tales of Berseria is what I would consider the JRPG equivalent. It takes concepts and gameplay elements from its previous games and gives you a great cast of characters, none of which I hated (edit: actually, screw Zavied, holy crap. Great musical theme though), and a tragic and engaging storyline.Honestly, I didn't like the game at first because I couldn't move around quickly or the game would send me from point A to point B to point A to point C to point A to point B. But I guess the Witcher kinda did that too and I had to mod for fast travel anywhere :/. The references to other Tales games is ridiculous and if you've watched or played Zestiria, you get another dose of remorse and look at the characters in a new light. However, much like The Witcher 3, you don't need to play the previous games to jump right in and enjoy the game. I'm really excited for a second playthrough, once I beat this EX dungeon and get enough grade for NG+."
76561198168327312,Recommended,429660,33931555,Posted: 31 July,all,EyesofAzureSunlight,73 hours later... i think i got my moneys worth
,Recommended,429660,33716157,Posted: 22 July,all,arruckus,great game
,Recommended,429660,29841485,Posted: 10 February,all,talanas,"Finished the game in 66 hours. Such an enjoyable experience.Even though the story dragged a little at some points  and i was frustrated with backtracking especially towards the end, I still recommened this game to jrpg and tales fans."
,Recommended,429660,34960705,Posted: 14 September,all,Armageddal,"Tales of Berseria is easily the best Tales game I have played so far. Berseria splits away from standard storytelling mold for Tales games by making the main protagonists antiheroes. The story is very well-told and the characters' motivations are not handed to the player via dialogue backstories, but shown to them through their actions and the twistedness of the world they live in. Although the character archetypes are familiar, the player is actually likely to develop genuine connections with them, unlike in some of the more childish (and sometimes melodramatic) Tales games.Although you can play Berseria without playing its parent story, Tales of Zestiria, I would personally recommend playing Zestiria first. Berseria seems to be set hundreds or even thousands of years before Zestiria (I'm sure the lore lovers know for sure), and sets the stage for Zestiria. However, the actual landscape is virtually unrecognizable except for a few significant landmarks that tie the two stories together across time. Playing Zestiria first really makes everything fall into place, but doesn't give much of anything away. A lot of the side stories assume some knowledge of Zestiria to get the most out of them. The downside to having to play Zestiria first is that Zestiria is a much worse Tales game. It's much more predictable and has very obvious archetypes, annoying characters, and way too much melodrama.From a gameplay perspective, I found Berseria to be quite engaging and complex, although certain loopholes seem to create problems. I have only played through the game once so far, exclusively playing Velvet. So while I can't comment on other characters, I can at least say that Velvet's combat style is very appealing and is the best example of a true berserker class I have seen. However, it goes a bit too far insofar as she makes standard encounters somewhat obsolete regardless of what difficulty mode you choose, due to how her break soul technique synergizes with the rate of soul gain. Conversely, bosses seem to have excessive skill cap walls with various difficulty modes. Some bosses have power links that make them virtually impossible to beat unless you keep one of the pair stunlocked until it's defeated (which your average player can't handle); however, to get rid of these links, you have to set the difficulty so low that the fight becomes a faceroll, even for very poor players. As a result, some of the most climatic battles in the game lose a lot of their excitement simply because many players are forced to choose between ""impossible"" and ""faceroll"" difficulties.Overall, Tales of Berseria is still the best Tales game I have ever played though, and I strongly recommend it not just to fans of the Tales series, but to those wanting to see what Tales is all about."
76561197995191626,Recommended,429660,34797895,Posted: 7 September,all,Hamp,"This is a great first JRPG for people who wants to try on out. And even if it may seem complicated early on, you will most likely learn everything thats needed for a good time from just playing for a little bit.+The combat is pretty much what you make it out to be. You can decide to roll with the simple combos if that is what you want, but you can also make it a lore more complicated. By mixing different attacks for long combos, aswell as swapping betwen differenc characters mid combat you can get a really amazing setup of combos.+Story is quite good, and resembles some animes if thats what you like! :)-Everything that you can learn in the game can be quite intimidating from time to time.+On the other hand! you dont need to use the mechanics thay do not intrest you!In short i would say that this is a fast pased but long JRPG with a beatiful world to explore. I can not recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,429660,33338241,Posted: 7 July,all,ChewMama,"PROS:- Amazing background music ( The music can put you into that situation )- Excellent Combo system ( lol just spam the button and the mob perma stun )- Very great story line ( you can guess the ending but you may failed to guess the process )- Velvet scream- Rokurou's Muscle <3 <3 <3 <3- Better weapon upgrade compare to zestiria :D-AMAZING skits! no awakward standing of all character at once- Character's Face expression is improvedCONS- The Mob died easily with 1-button combo (sounds like a pros)- I'm lazy to collect the Katz spirit (LOL)- Velvet screamOverall, I enjoyed Tales of Berseria very much <3!!!!!!!! I'll give it  200/100 rating to this game omgfg <3Recomended even you do not play Tales of Zestiria before!"
,Recommended,429660,34744743,Posted: 4 September,all,HMSheets,Berzeria was my first Tales game and I think it is safe to say that i'm hooked now. I would definitly recomend this game to anyone who loves a good story and great gameplay.
76561198008304349,Recommended,429660,34788993,Posted: 6 September,all,SblondinOz,"Man I love this game.Didn't think I could get that hooked up on a tales of but this one proved me wrong. Big FF fan I have occasionaly played the tales of and found them good but that was about it. Now this game is different. 50hours in I believe I am reaching the end game and haven't had a single time to think about creeping or a dull moment in the story. Despite being a bit cliche the story is good, the path of narration great and the plot full of nice little twists.55h of nice game + nice combat mode = 9/10.Definitely recommend it if you love action RPG/Good yet classic story.S"
,Recommended,429660,34793403,Posted: 7 September,all,Lefein Noël,"I've played many Tales of Games on console. Some people write bloody reviews as if they're advising on the pros and cons of marriage to that particular title.As with any game, it's going to be an on again off again relationship, you WILL eventually grow apart. It's no ones fault, these things happen.You will feel the pangs of loss when it comes to an end. This is a sign the time was well spent. You will miss each other, but it's really for the best. There are newer things on the horizon. You have to keep your options open right now. You WILL be back someday, you both know it. Right now however, it's better to know and understand while you'll spend about 100 hours together; the Honeymoon will come to an end.Just remember, it's going to be ok. You can come back, and it wasn't time wasted. You'll keep the memories you made while you were together. You laughed, you cried, you felt something.The most important thing really, together you felt something you couldn't have felt without each other.Now please laugh at people that write 40000 word reviews about 20 hour games. Kidding, most of us don't read them anyway.  We just upvote for effort and grab 10, 5 liners reviews and decide from there.Good game, will stare at main protagonists bum again. (We just have that sort of relationship, don't tell my parents They don't know I'm a closet Lesbian where Anime babes are concerned)"
76561197997433554,Recommended,429660,34804364,Posted: 7 September,all,Dart,"Tales of Berseria is a good game overall, I don't regret the purchase. The gameplay is fun and tactical, and the story is compelling enough that I was still interested after beating the game some 60 hours in. My one gripe would be that the side content was exactly stellar, apart from two really great character side quests. Genuinely funny as well!"
,Recommended,429660,34856885,Posted: 10 September,all,trcitorous,"I want to say first and foremost that I love this game....on the PS4.  The PC port suffers from Bandai Namco's usual incompetence in the PC Porting field.  It isn't as bad as Dark Souls was, but the frame limiter does induce quite a bit of stuttering on systems that even exceed the recommended specs.  The only way to get a smooth experience out of this game is to brute force it or mod it, which you shouldn't have to.  It should work out of the box.That being said, the game is wonderful if you don't care about the technical aspect.  The story is great, the characters are memorable and loveable.  You really sympathize with Velvet to a major degree.  She's become one of my favorite fictional characters of all time.  So I say, if you want to play this and don't have a PS4, wait for it to go on sale.  If you do have a PS4, buy it there instead."
76561198333931491,Recommended,429660,34957953,Posted: 14 September,all,kgaudette18,"One of my favorite ""Tales of"" titles to date.  It's refreshing to play from the villains' (used lightly) point of view for a change.  A fantastic story, great voice acting (both English and Japanese), a slick equipment + battle system with a working camera, and lots of sidequests to lengthen your adventure. There is very little, if anything, about this game that I would change.  I'll admit it myself, the story lives on the dark side of past Tales games, but the character development is on par with that seen in ""Tales of the Abyss"", one of the better titles in my opinion.  The tie-ins to Zestiria's lore are everywhere, and explains things much greater than its' predecessor."
,Recommended,429660,30110805,Posted: 22 February,all,Malle,"This game will give you bazongas... whatever those are.Tales of Berseria is a JRPG in the highly-acclaimed Tales series. Even though the series' last few entries have had some missteps, ToB has come along to remind us all that the people who develop these games still give a damn. Is it a great Tales game? Oh, yes, absolutely. It might even be the best Tales game in the series, taking that spot in my personal scorebook from Abyss (bearing in mind that I've never played Vesperia).""Okay"", you say, ""but I've never played a Tales game. All of these names mean nothing to me! Do I already have to be a fan of the series to enjoy this one?"" Not at all. This game is very approachable for anyone who's enjoyed a JRPG and/or likes RPGs with flashy, action combat systems. Heck, I'd say if you like anime in general, you wouldn't go wrong.I don't even know where to start with this wonderful game.StoryI'm going to keep this simple and avoid spoiling anything. The story in this game is great, held together by entertaining characters, the unique (at least, as far as JRPGs go) motivations of the protagonists, and excellent Japanese voice-acting (I can't speak for the dub, but it exists). There's a lot of cutscenes and talking, something else the Tales series is well known for, in that there are many 'skits' where the characters in the party will interact and talk about various things. It's all very well written. You'll cry, I'll laugh, emotions will touch the rafters!Bear in mind, this is a japanese game, so there are going to be a few anime tropes here and there. As long as you can accept that, you'll be satisfied, or better, by what you get here.GameplayThis is a JRPG, so a lot of the game is going to spend talking to NPCs, watching cutscenes, listening to skits, and when you're not doing that, exploring dungeons and fighting enemies. Dungeons aren't especially interesting, mostly being linear with chests and items scattered around, and mountains of enemies to fight through. Some have unique twists but they're straight-forward for the most part.Where this game really excels is the 'battle' part. There's about half a dozen characters that'll be in your party. Each one of them has a unique gimmick and will learn a lot of special moves called 'artes'. You beat enemies down by stringing these artes into combos. They will also learn Break Souls, which are more limited special attacks that have more unique effects. For example, one character learns a 'counter' Break Soul, where a well-timed press of R2 will negate an attack that hits them and damage the enemy who launched it instead. All characters will eventually learn 'mystic artes', which are very flashy finishing moves that have cutscenes tied to them. You can control any character you want at any time, and they are all varied enough to keep you entertained for a long time.There's also minigames everywhere. Some are good, some are meh. My favorite one are the Character Cards, which is basically a Tales-themed version of Hanafuda Koi-Koi cards. The effort put in is very much appreciated.I have some minor complaints. Two of the progression systems do not flow well together at all; Master Skills and the upgrade system. Master skills are special bonuses gained by using equipment over time. Generally, you'll want to use an item until you get its master skill, and then afterwards, use a new item that you haven't mastered yet. This is fine and it's enjoyable to switch around and get new goodies.However, the upgrade system is the opposite. You gain materials by breaking down items or by finding them randomly on the ground. You then use these materials to upgrade your equipment, increasing its stats and its enhancement skills, meaning you're encouraged to upgrade and use the same items over time, meaning you won't be learning new master skills. Using upgraded items is pretty much mandatory on the higher difficulties if you want to stand any chance against bosses.The upgrade system itself is a bit of a pain in the butt, too. Since you're trying to upgrade 5 items for each character, the materials you get by normally playing don't go very far. Eventually, you will probably have to grind for them. Thankfully, this is easy, because the game mercifully gives you side areas with arenas that give you a lot of items, and you can just turn on auto-battle and AFK if you really want to. However, for the higher upgrade levels you'll be required to use materials that can only be obtained by breaking down equipment that has been upgraded to certain levels. So you get your items, break them down for materials, upgrade some more extras a little bit to get the next tier of materials, and so on.If that sounds annoying, it's because it is, but is probably only really necessary if you crank up the difficulty as high as possible, meaning you know what you're getting into. The difficulty can be adjusted at any time without penalty, so there's no dead-end if you get frustrated. Overall, this part of the game could have been done better, but it doesn't ruin it by any means.Performance / OtherThe port is well done, running very smoothly on my average i5 / GTX 750. I never experienced a single crash. That's all I could really ask for.This game is long and there's a lot of stuff in it. There's no doubt that, for 50 dollars, you will get your money's worth. I was honestly surprised by how much fat this game had to chew through.I'm also very thankful for dual audio. Other companies, like Nintendo, should take note.TL;DRIn the timeless words of George Wood, Tales of Berseria ""is truly perfect. If you do not get this amazing generation of [Tales] madness, you arestupid. Yes, I know. That's insulting, but it's also the truth.""Buy this game."
,Recommended,429660,30109881,Posted: 22 February,all,[ADHC] Cyber Sheppie,"Drama, action, comedy, betrayal and Magilou! This game has it all, and in a great mix. Maybe a bit cheesy at times, but for the most part, this game really does well."
76561198155445018,Recommended,429660,29646487,Posted: 2 February,all,blue moon,"Needed to add a few words in order to recommend this game.Nice battle system, pretty interesting characters, good graphics (and graphic options.), great soundtrack (as per most Tales games)I've played Zestiria also and Berseria seems to be quite an improvement from it (Aside from the main character, I've always preferred the more optimistic hero as opposed to the brooding ones.)But all in all, a solid recommendation!"
,Recommended,429660,29709225,Posted: 4 February,all,Aqua Mouse,"Overall this game has been an absoulte blast. I just beat it today at around 35 hours. The price for the game was well worth that time. On top of that I still have a ton of post game material and NG+ to get though as well. Now on to specifics.I've played some of the other Tales games and wasn't really impressed. This game however just did something special for me.Most of the characters were pretty decent and none of them were particularly bad or annoying.The combat was enjoyable as well though switching elements every few battles got somewhat annoying, and I'm still not entirely sure what the point of enemy weakness in the artes was for.The story was enjoyable, several twists big and small that weren't 100% chliche.Overall I would rate the game 8/10. Not the best JRPG I've ever played but very enjoyabl eand well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,429660,29709985,Posted: 4 February,all,xopiad,Good game.
,Recommended,429660,29650596,Posted: 2 February,all,Sottiri,"This game was simply amazing, and in my opinion, a direct upgrade to Zestiria. The combat improved so much with the camera and the Break Soul mechanic. The story has to be my favourite out of all other Tales of games, it's executed flawlessly. Something else I found rather interesting are the ties to the Zestiria game. Every now and then I would recognize structures and dungeons and suddenly make a link between games. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story and great battling mechanics!Magilou is bae"
,Recommended,429660,29705069,Posted: 4 February,all,Wafer Sticks,"Great game, would high recommend if you've never played a Tales of game before. It's much better than Tales of Zestiria in terms of everything. You should play this first before Zestiria as the story takes place 10,000 years before."
,Recommended,429660,29811602,Posted: 9 February,all,Teufel9000,i afked 40 hours for a 10% boost against snake demons.thats some quaility gameplay!Better than Zestiria in every way!.
,Recommended,429660,30006618,Posted: 18 February,all,tee hee,"Aligning with most of the other opinions in that this game is a rise back to form for the series in terms of storyline and characters after a very mediocre Zestiria. The low budget of the Tales team is notable in the game in terms of very oldschool gameplay mechanics such as an overabundance of invisible walls, but if you can get over some silliness and can appreciate wonderful characters in a fun yet emotional story, this game is for you. Tales games can offer some of the best laughs in all of gaming.Definitely recommend this game, and it gets me excited for more Tales games in the future. I'd rank it (from the Tales games I've played) above Xillia but below Abyss in terms of overall quality. Here's hoping for Namco Bandai to keep releasing these games on Steam in the future too, really enjoy the ease of access!"
76561198111217074,Recommended,429660,30015681,Posted: 18 February,all,Velvet Crowe,"I'm not a tale of series fan and this my first game of this seriesso i want to write this because i'm really love this series :Dbecause i didn't play tales of series game before i really confuseabout how mechanic of this game work (Maybe i'm weak in english langauge. x()but i try to understand and i can complete this gamebut i'm still confuse how to play this game (not much but still) so mechanics of this gameshould do something that easier to understand or decrease game mechanic system(something like setting keyboard that can easy to attack or use artes)overall i feel like it make for old player. but i can say i really enjoy them ;)i would recommend everyone to play this game because thier storiesnot only velvet story(I would say velvet's story is the best i feel it and cried ;)but the other comrade's story are great too. i take my time so much( an i still didn't do some side questthat must have to tell some story x( )to complete this story.and i can say ""worth it for my time""Sorry for my bad langauge but still want to write and recommend this game :D"
76561198016447443,Recommended,429660,29997838,Posted: 17 February,all,avantre,"A fun action RPG whose strength lies in its characters: a bunch of mostly anti-heroes (or straight-out villains, depending on your point of view), whose motives are more about revenge then they are about saving the world.Combat is fun, built around utilising the weaknesses of your enemy to stun them in order to build your attacks. Its only big drawback is that if you get stunned yourself, you can find yourself with only limited moves available due to your stun-stunted attack gauge.While the overall plot is not particularly ground-breaking from similar JRPGs, it still works very well because it revolves around a group of engaging and interesting characters.Overall, it's one of the best Tales games I've played (I've played around ten of them) - up there with Vesperia."
,Recommended,429660,30427751,Posted: 10 March,all,WDJ,exactly the type of game otto would love
,Recommended,429660,30012564,Posted: 18 February,all,Asellia,"My new favorite JRPG, and my favorite game experience in a long while. A beautiful, emotional story that says more about human emotion, and life in general than most things I've played. I cannot recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,429660,30014046,Posted: 18 February,all,AkiRyze117,"As a long time tales fan, this is the best PC tales game in terms of story, gameplay, and mechanics that we have right now.A great combat system that may seem button mashing but actually gets more in depth further on.An engaging story of a girl out for revenge on those that wronged her.A simplified upgrade mechanic that doesn't require a spreadsheet to understand (looking at you Zestiria).A fun cast of characters that made the game more enjoyable than it already is.Highly recommend this for any tales fan and for those who enjoy JRPG"
76561197972065898,Recommended,429660,29716915,Posted: 5 February,all,The PoLe,"It's an improved version of Tales of Zestiria, same graphics, same icons, similar gameplay. The only thing Zestiria was better was the music, but this is good too (Zesti's music was godly):- Much better story. This story is more adult and darker.- Better characters, Magilou!.- Better item system. It's been simplified, no more skill grid, just equip an item, get grade, and get the skill forever.- Combat is more fun. Maybe a little button smasher sometimes but fun anyway.- 60 fps.So if you liked Zestiria, buy it now. If you like JRPGS with long story and lot of sidequests, buy it.Enjoy."
,Recommended,429660,30027945,Posted: 18 February,all,ShounenT,"One of the best Tales of experiences I've had so far, even after having played Symphonia, Vesperia (PS3), Xillia, Xillia 2, and Zestiria. Touching story, deep characters, good combat, and great music (OP by FLOW!!?). This brings a lot more to the table for a Tales of game than Zestiria could've tried to. Definitely recommended for anyone looking for a memorable cast and bittersweet journey."
76561198180422522,Recommended,429660,29929086,Posted: 14 February,all,MagicalCheese,:D
76561198311418457,Recommended,429660,30027791,Posted: 18 February,all,G.E.M,Very very fun and time consuming
76561198010548601,Recommended,429660,30046756,Posted: 19 February,all,perigrim,"whats not to like, its a tales of game on steam, we need more of them"
,Recommended,429660,29653549,Posted: 2 February,all,Teterra,"Action packed fun with some flawsTales of Berseria is an action JRPG with enjoyable combat, interesting characters, and a(more than likely)anime tropey story. Expect some cheese and maybe a little cringe if you aren't into anime, and some even if you are.This installment lets you play as the villians/anti-heroes of the story, which is supposed to bring a more dark tone to the game. From what I have played so far, without getting into spoilers, I don't believe either side of ""good or bad"" is totally right. There have been moments where the supposed ""good"" guys look like complete villians.I really can't say much about the characters so far. I enjoy the main cast and their reactions with each other, but so far, I only really know about Velvet's, Rokuro's, and a bit of Eizen's backstory and motivations. It doesn't go into much detail from what I have seen so far too, so if you are comming off older Tales games, you might find the character progression kind of slow/dull in comparison.(I personally haven't played anything before Graces f and watched a friend play Symphonia.)The combat, however, is probably the most fun I have had in a Tales game to date. The attacking is very smooth, chaining up combos feels powerful, and the different burst/soul moves for each character give you a chance to play using different strategies. I have played all of the main cast so far, but I feel like I am attached to Velvet since she has such a powerful moveset.There are bugs! Updated as of Feb. 9, 2017There have been quite a few reported bugs/problems with the steam version which you can read all about in the community forms, specifically here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/429660/discussions/0/133255603284273939/The one real nasty bug is the currect problem with the AI, where they will attack an enemy, run away, and repeat. There is a temp fix using mulitply controllers/vJoy, however, it's a bit annoying to tweek for some. You may find this post about the AI bug useful if you do consider buying this game:http://steamcommunity.com/app/429660/discussions/0/133255603284155381/The AI bug mentioned above has been fixed, and now, AI works as originally intended!All in all, I feel like this installment of the Tales series is defiently worth picking up. The combat is enjoyable, the story as of my 24 hours of playing is pretty good, and the characters are interesting. If you are willing to deal with some of the bugs and problems known so far, I would say pick it up.With this review, I am currently using these specs and using vJoy to get the AI to work.Computer Specs-CPUIntel i7-2600K 3.40GHzGPUGTX 1070RAM16 GBOSWindows 10 64-bit"
76561198000535560,Recommended,429660,29661605,Posted: 2 February,all,SuperDoozer,"I haven't played a JRPG in years, yet Tales of Berseria is probably the best game I've played in a very long time. The story, characters, combat, and visuals all come together in a very compelling package that I don't mind dumping 40 hours of my life into."
,Recommended,429660,29703997,Posted: 4 February,all,Oatway,"A great Tales game with great characters. The writing is clever and inventive, the characters seem capable and intelligent. The level design starts out pretty basic but gets increasingly interesting if you try to find every hidden nook and cranny."
,Recommended,429660,29663292,Posted: 2 February,all,Ignitehawk,"First impressions after 20-some hours? It's pretty great. The combat is fluid and has fun mechanics, the writing is solid, and this is probably the first time I've been heavily engrossed in the story of a Tales game. I'meagerto see how the story plays out and how the characters will change as it progresses. That's not something I can say for a lot of the other Tales games I've played. The main character Velvet's violent revenge is a goal that's really easy to get behind, rather than the usual wishy-washy ""save the world"" nonsense that plagues RPGs all too often.If you like Tales games, but you're tired of the usual good guys doing good guy things, Berseria and its far more morally ambiguous cast will be a breath of fresh air. And if you've never played a Tales game, this is a great place to start."
,Recommended,429660,29661132,Posted: 2 February,all,Timmers,Feels better Than Zestiria :)Love The Characters In This One :3
76561198022308249,Recommended,429660,29816248,Posted: 9 February,all,Darksyne,Best tales game in a while a must buy if your a tales fan.
76561198090806268,Recommended,429660,29662876,Posted: 2 February,all,sukia11,Loving this tales game. its nice and dark and sassy. yet full of heart story and life that makes a good tales game good. i love velvet and her story.
,Recommended,429660,30020570,Posted: 18 February,all,rorrox0002,"The time has come, I have finished the game in 63 hours in moderate/hard difficulty in a casual setting(did not grind for hours or made the game last longer by stalling...I simply followed the main story/few side quest and that's it), and I have to admit this game goes into my top 3 tales game, just above Abyss and just below Symphonia, let's talk about the main story and what I think about it before getting in to game mechanics/featuresSpoilers ahead, will try to keep it at a minimum:The premise of the Story is quite simple, a young girl (with long girl) has a grudge against her brother in law, and wants to kill him at all cost, no matter what she has to go through to achieve her goal, Velvet Crowe goes through an Adventure around the world searching for the man she wants to kill, Artorius Collbrande, the now head of the exorsists, who wishes to bring peace through ""reason"".Our main protagonist turns out to be the antagonist of the story, as she is determined to kill the man who will give peace to the world, in her travels she meets various comrades, Malak Number two, Eizen, Magilou, Rokurou and Eleanor, EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING CHARACTER MAKES SENSE...as in, the ""characteristic"" of this Tales game, which is: ""RPG of Discovering Your Own Reasons to Live""The story is simply amazing, the plot twists are on point, very...VERY few things were expected, the game keeps you at bay until your brain is ready to collapse, overall 9/10 because the story needed a better sense of how the ""villains"" walk into cities, but no biggie.As for the mechanics and features of the game:The battle system is very similar to Zestiria with some twist here and there, personally, I prefer the use of ""basic attacks combo + arte chain + finisher"" but the thing is that this improved battle system lead the player to freely choose and optimize the skill usage to turn the tide of battle to their favor, I loved it. 9/10 because it could use some more customization and save some buttons and it's hard to master at first.The equipment mechanics were ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, exactly what I wanted in a tales game, I can't remember if Zestiria had it as well, but if it did, it sure made me re-live that moment, equipment give stats to your character, improving them as you see fit, there's defensive, offensive, disruptive and balanced equipment, beside that, they have a passive skill, that after fighting for a while, will permanently give that bonus to your character, which is PHENOMENAL for character growth and customization. 11/10NPC interaction was good, then again, I don't care too much about the plebs, just talked to them until they went into that loop of always saying the same and left.Skits....oh god the Skits....they are a small (no more than three minutes long conversation between the characters of the group) ALWAYS funny, this is something I think it's super Unique to the Tales of Franchise and gives a certain sense of ""reality"" to the game, since the character will obviously have their chats here and there as they travel, no different from other tales, this game's skits were phenomenalLet's talk about feels now...this game is FILLED with feels...they are all over the place...sadly, since people new to the franchise won't know, this game is the prequel to Tales of Zestiria, around 100 or 200 years before the events of Zestiria, but it's one of those cases where you need to play the game that happens after, then the one that happens before, people will miss 90% of the feels if they don't play through Zestiria first.Aaaaaand that's pretty much it, I loved every single second of the game and expect the franchise to keep growing and releasing tales games for PC, because never been too much of a console guy except for Nintendo stuff.Overall qualification: 9/10Favorite character: Definitely Magilou and EizenFavorite playable character: Laphicet/Velvet/MagilouLeast Favorite character: RokurouFavourite Catchphrase: ""Maginpyuin~""Favourite phrase: ""a man should have control over the wheel of life""Favourite boss: Teresa/OscarFavorite spell/Arte: INDIGNATION as always <3Best character development: Velvet/Laphicet/Magilou, in that orderBest moment: Seres and Malak Number two's birthThanks for reading. ^^Pd: Magilou owes 100.000.000.000.000 gald to Velvet."
,Recommended,429660,30923865,Posted: 3 April,all,ValiantVenture,"New to the tales series, as of Zestiria, and I have to say, this game is great.  This fixed most, if not all, of the issues I had with Zestiria and is a much better game overall.  If you enjoyed Zestiria, you'll love this."
,Recommended,429660,30971511,Posted: 5 April,all,chanjcw,"Best Tales game to date. The combat is fun, the game looks and runs great, and the story is incredible. Highly recommended."
76561197993417647,Recommended,429660,32516035,Posted: 17 June,all,mse4303,"I really like this game. It has a great story, and watching the characters develop is really satisfing."
,Recommended,429660,30966365,Posted: 5 April,all,Chomponom,This is honestly the best game I have ever played throughout my life. I love it. 10/10
76561198284341147,Recommended,429660,33667585,Posted: 20 July,all,Strange is Life,"This game is probably the best tales games I've ever played in the series. Tales of vesperia was my first and my initial thought on that was this couldn't get any better. But this game brought it to a whole new level.Pros-very good story with cheesy scenes-different types of bosses-variety of skills and characters-each character feels alive and not useless-you care for everyone and feel they are not lackluster, each has their own story for doing what they do.-variety of weapons, accessories, power ups, combos, etc..-so much happening in battles at once you feel always on edge.-fashion styles can be worn and acquired through gameplay.-sexy (giggity) and beautiful artistic style on what they wear and surroundings.-variety of enemies with different styles so approach with tactics. Or just hack and slash though workable at times.-A lot of happy and serious moments and the story is not predictable usually.- a lot of content and replay value.-good for any pc and can handle 4k relatively easy since not demanding.- when fighting you feel that punch or kick as if it really hurt which is oddly satisfying.Cons-Environment sometimes trudges too long- Fight scenes may at times be repetitive. If you don't like farming for equipment and exp that is.-towns and cities don't really hit that woah moment-tutorial come and go and have reread it to fully grasp it's content.-big open areas feels empty with limited things to do at occasions.-the ship system feels like an after thought, it'd be better if you could be a real pirate and transverse the seas in real time.-Npc don't look alive at certain moments, not a head movement or body movement, only mouth which is not usually in tune with what they are saying. Even with main characters in the game.-Scenes are too bright at times (could lower the brightness) but black and gray sharpness is not really something to brag about since they don't use it heavily in this game.Overall a 9.8 out of 10 for me. This game is a steal at sale, this is one of my top rpg's to date. Scratch that best rpg to date, so don't miss out on this opportunity.PS: I love Velvet's outfit :Dso much so i'd want her to devour me with her left hand and leave me out as a wet slug :)))))))))"
76561198030580578,Recommended,429660,30519361,Posted: 14 March,all,Menelik II,"I'm not all that far into the game but I've been having a blast. Right now I have all the party members. Despite this, it still seems like there's more to learn about the battle system. The characters all play very different from one another, but each of them are fun in their own right. The story is quite good. At times it can be silly, but at other moments it is quite emotional. There are a lot of tragedies which occur in Velvet's tale. Overall, the game manages to strike a perfect balance between drama and comedy. I'll add that the characters are at times less than heroic, which makes the story more interesting; it's not a typical ""goody two shoes party saves the world"" kind of story.As a PC port, it runs quite well. The game also looks beautiful.Having completed the game earlier today, I would add nothing to my original review. It's a great game from beginning to end."
76561198315377886,Recommended,429660,35031477,Posted: 17 September,all,LennonMeringue,"This game is just addicting, like the rest of the ""Tales of"" series. I highly recommend it if you love games where you get sucked into the story and emotionally evolved. Plus the characters are hilarious and down right loveable, and not to mention the open world is just phenomenal!"
,Recommended,429660,35058281,Posted: 18 September,all,iLLspookU,great game
,Recommended,429660,35097856,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,Fantastic JRPG with surprisingly good writing. Combat is a little hectic but once you get in a groove it's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,429660,35242799,Posted: 27 September,all,PercyWarX,"Absolutely Love this game, love the gameplay, characters and story so far, +40 hours in and not finished yet.Art Style: 9/10Music: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10English Voice Cast: 9/10  (Will play with the Jap VC in my 2nd play through)Characters (Magilou :-D ): 10/10Story: 9/10Technical ScoresPerformance 2160p every setting at max constant 60fps:  10/10Crashes and ingame bugs - None: 10/10Overall Score:  9/10BTW this is my 1st entry in the Tales games,"
76561198079657806,Recommended,429660,35370710,Posted: 1 October,all,Tag,"Never played any of the Tales series. Took a chance and bought the game because it looked interesting. Best decision i've ever made. The storyline in this game is beyond ""Great"" I actually felt like I was apart of the game and the endless dialogue in the game made it interesting and it all connected with one another.I'm officially a Tales fan. You will not regret this game if you like a story rich game."
,Recommended,429660,35384419,Posted: 1 October,all,「name」,Buy this over Zesteria.
,Recommended,429660,35206543,Posted: 25 September,all,histora,"I Laughed, Rage, Screamed, Cried. This game's story is a rollercoaster of emotions to experience. The gameplay on the other hand grasped my attension for two...no, three days of non stop playing. Every level feels just right and are packed with activities to experience. The game never bores me in any way possible. All quests felt immersive and satisfying when completed.Overall, this game has been a blast for me to play through. I highly reccomend anyone who loves action combat or wants to experience a good story, to give this game a shot even though its price might be a little bit on the high side. Afterall, it is worth every single penny spent and maybe even more."
,Recommended,429660,35213344,Posted: 25 September,all,Magigigika,"Addictive story, well-written and empathetic characters, great combat system, beautiful world. All-around a 10/10 JRPG experience. I haven't fell in love with a JRPG this hard since FFX or Persona 3."
,Recommended,429660,35258467,Posted: 28 September,all,Ogad,"Absolutely brilliant. Most Tales fans started out young in the early 90's/00's, playing the original games which were clearly written for children & teens. But a huge chunk of us are now in our 20's and 30's and desire more mature themes in our games. Finally we get a Tales game to match our age. Berseria is the most mature Tales game yet. It has a excellent story with great character depth and growth. Gone is the typically self-righteous attitude of the main characters, where ""right"" and ""wrong"" and neatly in black and white. Instead, Berseria is more reflective of the real world, where the line between ""right"" and ""wrong"" is a lot more muddy, often only being a matter of an individual's own experiences and perspective.The games runs in a smooth 60fps, and the combat system is fast and explosive. This is by far the best Tales game yet; rivaled only by Xillia for the PS3.If you would like to see more mature themes in your future Tales games, let the devs know by showing your support and buying a copy of Berseria. You won't be dissapointed!"
76561198067999966,Recommended,429660,30341966,Posted: 5 March,all,forthowin,Fun combat and pretty good story. The characters are my favorite part about this game.
76561198158452915,Recommended,429660,30629794,Posted: 19 March,all,IllusionsOfEnd,"Definately one of the best ""Tales of"" games I've played in a long time.  Strongly recommend that you play Tales of Zestiria first though as Berseria transitions very well from Zestiria leading to alot of ""omg"" moments.  There are alot of elements to the game that are reminicent of Tales of Destiny.  Strongly recommend this game to all ""Tales of"" fans."
76561198027618533,Recommended,429660,30636773,Posted: 20 March,all,Beowulf,"Excellent game, but you have to earn it. The first 4 hours are tedious, but after that there is a good story, great characters, and a complex combat system. The linearity will put off a lot of people who like open worlds, I always play games for the story though so it wasnt an issue for me. This is one of only a handful of games I plan to play more than once."
,Recommended,429660,30337970,Posted: 5 March,all,Terracus,"Great storyline and combat style, the gameplay is far more smoother than the last one"
76561198022016432,Recommended,429660,30622951,Posted: 19 March,all,weertangel,"I generally like to explain something about the game so: Wall of text incoming!JRPGs.Half the time they are so weird u wonder why ppl play them, but the other half they are as awesome as Tales of Berseria.Vengeance, Emotion versus Reason, Birds and apples.Those are the themes of Berseria, and while Revenge stories are as common as love stories the devs have found a way to make sure Berseria does't fall in the standard cliche plotholes while also keeping u pining to find out how it will end all the time.The story follows Velvet Crowe, a tomboyish girl who cares alot about her little brother Laphicet(who came up with this name??) and her brother in law Arthur, an exorcist who saved both of them when the whole town turned into demons years ago but cost the life of Velvet's sister.Their uneventful life comes to an end when Arthur decides to  sacrifice Laphi in some twisted attempt to save the world from Daemons while Velvet only tries to save her brother and gets thrown in as well only to come back as a Therion, a demon-eating demon who only wants 1 thing, to kill arthur for what he did.This is where the game really begins, and it does not dissapoint.3 years after the Laphi's death Velvets been thrown into prison to feed on demons untill someone gives her a chance to escape the prison together with some others while finding out that Arthur(now Arthorius) has been declared the world's savior and has an army of exorcists at his beck and call now...The game's Combat system needs some getting used to but once u have it in the fingers u can make it as easy or complicated as u want by building your own combo's for each character.The game also features as Switch blast system that allows u to explosively switch in a character that u had put on standby, wich reminded me alot of the Mortal combat games.The game has alot of nice area's with alot of different settings, from snowy tundra's to tropical seas, u will be giong all over Midgard in your quest for revenge.Only downside of them is that the dungeons look very bland and that any puzzles in them are so simple its almost an insult to call them that...The outside area's look great though with lots of plantlife and nice lighting effects to make it nice to walk trough.Towns on the other hand look rather simple(a few exeptions nonwithstanding) with most of the game's NPC's having the same faces making it feel like u are talking with the same persons most of the time....It also does't help that for much of the story or sidequests u will be revisiting almost every location in the game more then a few times.But the main story and the characters more then make up for any faults the game has, the story is long and has more then a few plot twists in it but what really makes it fun to watch are how its all told,either trough cutscenes,full anime parts or trough ""skits"" moving comic-like scenes where the characters debate about their adventures,with alot of comedy spread through it as well and also showing the really great character growth they all are giong trough.Many of these skits are optional, but i recommend u watch them all :)I think what made me really like this game is the fact that there are no heroes in the game, Velvet is willing to kill anyone who stands in her way, and does't care if she has to destroy a town or two along the way to get it, or if its a dragon or a god she has to kill..Thankfully she lightens a little up halfway trough but still, this is anything but a standard story thanks to the weird set of characters.wich are Velvet, the vengefull bro-con sister, Rokerou, a cheerfull samurai demon, Magilou, selfproclaimed witch and the weirdest character u have ever seen, Laphicet the 2nd, a Malak Velvet named after her brother who's trying to find his place in the world after Velvet dragged him with her.Eizen, a malak Pirate cursed with eternal bad luck and Elaneor, a exorcist who gets forced to travel with the group and seems intent to do the right thing, even if she has a hard time figuring out what that is...There are alot of nods to other Tales games(mainly Zestiria since this is that game's prequel) but even if u don't know one of those(like me) u will enjoy yourself immensely with it, even more so since the game has a game+ mode that lets u replay it with almost everything u unlocked in your 1st playtrough unlocked from the start, wich is a nice thing couse many of the optional bosses u can kill(code red monsters) unlock parts of the game, like new difficulties or allow skills to trigger more if u play on a certain difficulty, wich is something u can recommend since it makes combat much more exiting.for example, i tried intermediate diff and suddenly the fights were alot tougher and more tactical but i also got more loot, this has to do with the fact that u get graded for each battle, the longer u do combo's and the faster enemies go down the more xp and loot u get,something that becomes critical in the later stages of the game.As for scores, i give it this:story 11/10. Been a long time a game grabbed me like this one did!graphics:8/10. its nice but u can see its a port and thats a shame.combat 9/10. great with alot of depth altrough it can become dull if done to much.sidecontent 10/10. alot of mini games and costumes to keep everything from getting to onesided and gives u a reason to unlock it all!The game has DLC content but this is just cosmetic stuff to dress them differently, i would personally not buy it since the game already has plenty of stuff u can unlock if u want to see them in something else just by playing the game, from swimsuits to alternate costumes to teddybear stuff :)Anyway, just go play this game, u won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,429660,32921120,Posted: 28 June,all,TrikHin ♥ ツ,One of the best Tales game on PC yet!
76561198329673642,Recommended,429660,32326738,Posted: 10 June,all,Rwl88,The game was extremely fun and something I put tons of hours in. The only thing I dislike is how mundane the dungens get and how annoying it is to get post game content. You have to constantly travel around the map to find people to talk to with  nothing to say that there are people there to talk to.
,Recommended,429660,29939878,Posted: 15 February,all,Wasaby Neko,"PRO:Great story, great animation.Each character has detailed story about them, great character build up.(Only if zestiria was this good)Magilou <3 is the best!Great gameplay, Lots of side quest.Brings me back the old tales feeling.CON:Buggy, some of the bugs are already in the demo but they didnt fix it in the full game, its kinda annoying that we have to use a community fix.Need more real time cutscene rather than skit."
,Recommended,429660,30101371,Posted: 22 February,all,Nishimiya Shōko,"One of the Best Tales to date.Warning: I will be bringing up ToZ here most of the time since it is one of the latest that can be used as a comparison.This is from someone who is a big fan of the franchise and played the previous games.After the disaster that is Tales of Zestiria (TBH, watch the anime. Much better!), i somehow lost the desire to buy another one. I initially plan to pirate it just to get  but after the good ""promotional"" episode 6 & 7 of the Season 1 of Tales of Zestiria the X and a positive reception of the game, i was sold into buying the game.Initial Review:Technical - Miles ahead of ToZ. I have some lag spikes in ToZ while ToB is very smooth. Camera positioning is one of the things that i liked in this one and previous Tales titles (Abyss, Vesperia, Symphonia and Xillia) while some is in 2D. ToZ camera is somewhat awkwardly placed especially during battle and some un-necessary background interference like trees hinder you while this one is just perfect. Might have different opinions from others.Gameplay - Very good. They introduced a new battle system which is one of the best to date systems of Tales series. Might got repetitive for some but for fans of the series then this isn't really a problem. Equipment Mastery is pretty straightforward. Btw, I hate Armatization (I want to form my own team and play who i want to main!)Story - Berseria takes place approx. 1000 years before the Zestiria so they are somewhat connected but either both games can be played without the experience of any of the two. This title took a somewhat dark tone unlike some of the typical Tales games which i don't really have a problem too. Last dark scene that i could recall is some ""mass death"" and ""corpse back to life"" shenanigans scene in ToA (which also a very good title)Characters - All lovable and i love that all of them have different personal agenda. Typically, people will party up because they believe in the same bla bla bla bla but here? We have a therion, an exorcist, a war deamon, a malakhim, a witch and a pirate. Don't forget to read the skits! They are hilarious especially when they are fighting each other since they have different ideals. There are also sidequests which will develop those characters so be sure to check them.Enjoyment - I really liked it because of the characters. BECAUSE OF THEM! Yes, they are the main charm of the series for me. Gameplay is good but unless you are playing on Hard~Chaos then it is fairly easy (especially for tales fans). If not for them then i might haven't finished this yet since that's the case for me.All in all, this is a good series and i assure that it is worth all the penny spent. It might have flaws (DLC is somewhat expensive) but with a very good character interaction, likeable characters and stellar story-telling then you will surely enjoy it.NG+ here i come!"
,Recommended,429660,29933573,Posted: 14 February,all,Pyro_Jack,Why do birds fly?[Why do birds fly?]
76561198101219221,Recommended,429660,31271227,Posted: 21 April,all,HimitsuKichi(´･ω･`),;w;   NO.1!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
76561198175459565,Recommended,429660,29788581,Posted: 8 February,all,aglieberman,"A true return to form for Tales games. Possibly my favorite so far.I do prefer ToX's combat control scheme for better combo control and I would like to see a return to completely open worlds,and I found a spelling error, Literally unplayable ;) /s"
76561198004754662,Recommended,429660,29788598,Posted: 8 February,all,Kirby,Fantastic game!+ Awesome story+ every character has a story+ you can feel with Velvet (very beliveable voiceacting JP)+ Interesting antagonist(s)- Dungeon desing ist boringLast time i had so much fun with a Tales game was 11 years ago with Tales of the Abyss.
,Recommended,429660,31463080,Posted: 30 April,all,Piggs Boson,Magilou=best girl
,Recommended,429660,30853277,Posted: 31 March,all,stretch,Great game! I'm enjoy play everyday!
,Recommended,429660,29730389,Posted: 5 February,all,ASK ME IF IM GAY,"I'll even go as far as to say this game is better than Vesperia.Yeah I said it, ♥♥♥♥ your nostalgia. This game is better."
76561198036207026,Recommended,429660,33260723,Posted: 4 July,all,acoto,"I've played alot of tales games, and this game is extremely well done. Its story is thought provoking, its gameplay is fun and fluid (you may need to crank up the difficulty if it seems too easy at first, but that's not an issue and you may be tempted to knock it back down in a few hours), its crafting is understandable and mostly straightforward, it runs well, it has a great soundtrack (not the best Tales track in my opinion still very good), its characters have some of the greatest depth I've every seen put in a game, and best of all you might even learn something from this game as you navigate the story and the characters' varied motivations.P.S, You WILL get more out of this game's story if you've played Zesteria, whether you liked that game or not."
,Recommended,429660,33327001,Posted: 6 July,all,Magilou's Panties,"10/10, cried at the end.The combat is really smooth, although perhaps a bit too easy. The stun->soul-> soul break-> mystic arte system makes it simple to just spam the same abilities over again but with the abundance of skills, i never really found it boring.I think the flow of the game- introduction of characters, skills, game mechanics and all and everything- was integrated beautifully.The skits were amazing and well composed- adding the light hearted humour while incorporating the backstories of each character, and building the storyline thats played on.The story is probably the most engrossing thing that ive played/watched for months. Even after finishing the game and clearing most of the side stories, i want more closure. I really hope they realease another game in the same universe as Zestiria/Berseria soon."
76561198068910240,Recommended,429660,33648464,Posted: 19 July,all,Nyanko-sensei,"I didn't play any of ""Tales of ..."" games before, so I can't compare Berseria to them. It's my first JRPG experience and I enjoyed it very much. I enjoyed it so much that I couldn't stop myself from playing it all the day. It has some charm and I just couldn't resist it. Let's first talk about the main advantages of this game:--Great and interesting story. From the beginning till the end it hooks you up and you are being intrigued till the last moment. Besides the main story line, there are a lot of side missions, which extends the plot and helps you to learn the world much better.--Original and charismatic characters. In my opinion, this is the main advantage of this game, this is what makes this game so interesting. You are playing with non-cliche-heroic characters, you are playing with demons,witches and pirates themselves! It's really interesting to observe how they interact with each other and how things are not so one-sided with them and their worldviews--Side missions,mini-games, other side-stuff. I mentioned it above, but I also have to add that it helps you to relax from the missions and battles, just enjoy the world you are playing in.--Combat system. It has some downsides as well, but I liked the variety of techniques you can use in order to defeat a certain enemy. You can fight as a supporter or as a main damager, whatever is suiting your style.Now let's talk about some disadvantages:--The duration of the game. It takes around 100 hours to complete the main story line, some important side missions and defeating all the bosses in this game. Not that it's boring, but it's just exhausting at some point. So, if you don't have much free time, be ready to spend lots of days in this game--Combat system. Despite its variety of techniques, it has just a lot of delicate issues which you have to always keep in mind. You will be learning new things about the combat every time till almost the half-point of the story line, which is quite a lot. So it's just to overloading for a player to memorise every combination and trick he/she can use.--Monotonous gameplay. In my opinion this is the main problem with the game. After playing about half of the game, everything will just come to one strategy of playing- kill tons of monsters, listen to the dialogues,watch cut-scenes. Again ,again and again you will be doing this till the end of game.--Graphics quality. Well, I don't particularly find this as a big issue, but if you enjoy playing very cinematic and beautiful games, this one may not be what you'll appreciate. Although, I think graphics is not what makes this game great.CONCLUSION:Despite having more cons than pros, I think that the quality of the story and the characters overweights all the minuses the game has. I definitely recommend you this game, I am pretty sure you'll enjoy it as much as I did."
76561198079389711,Recommended,429660,33172152,Posted: 3 July,all,Fake Noire,"nice story, and also fun gameplay"
,Recommended,429660,33942376,Posted: 31 July,all,derkhar,"Pros:Immersive combat system.Less cliche plot than a typical JRPG.Colorful characters that keep the adventure rich with with entertaining dialog along the 50 hr journey.Well written and executed  english dialog script.Cons:linear story and zones.Combat can turn into a meaningless button mashing frenzy on low difficulties.Too much filler dialog about food.Other thoughs:This game uses the same engine as the prvious tales game. So its an old engine, but it has had lots of time to be perfected.  The next tales game is supposed to use a brand new engine so of all the tales games, ToB is likely the most polished game utilizing the old engine.A old i7 gaming machine from 2010  ran this game flawlessly.Cosmetic items are available in this game.  Most of them are pretty silly.There are alot of minigames which I mostly didn't find interesting, but they are there if that is your thing.Combat is often limited to a small region of play.  Making it easy to corner enemies or get cornered."
,Recommended,429660,31169277,Posted: 15 April,all,Glaciess,"In recent years, RPG's have been overall, extremely underwhelming. I bought this game on a hope when it was on sale, thinking ""Hey this has promise"". Boy, did it live up to that potential. I was completely hooked on this game, clocking almost 40 hours in about 2 and a half - 3ish days, the storyline was amazing, the characters were so well written and complex with the character development being perfectly paced and executed and the interactions between the party were extremely enjoyable, sometimes lighthearted and sometimes dark, hitting a perfect sweet spot. I'm usually a person who gets bored after having to sit and listen to alot of dialogue, but in this game, everytime a little extra conversation popped up, I clicked it with glee, the characters really are that great. The best RPG I've played in years, and possibly now my favourite of all time, very rarely will I gush about a game like I can (and am) with this one, I'm just sad it ended, could have spent an entire year with those characters. If you like RPG's and great storylines with a dark tone (Seriously, it gets really dark at one point, my mouth was literally slightly ajar.) then for the love of god, buy this game, you will not regret it. 10/10, fully recommended."
,Recommended,429660,31228760,Posted: 18 April,all,OMGdoughnut,"The combat mechanics are a little bit more simplified in my opinion, compaired to previous Tales games. But don't let that hold you back from buying this if you're interested.In fact, if you've never played a Tales game - this may be the perfect one to tip your toes into.150 hours, still haven't completed it...+ COSTUMES AND MINI GAMES!!!"
76561198084082493,Recommended,429660,31760731,Posted: 14 May,all,msnake98,Pro:+story+characters+combat+everythingcon:+I forgot I had school
76561198012688555,Recommended,429660,33639551,Posted: 18 July,all,AHKrzych,It's great.
76561198022665307,Recommended,429660,29791469,Posted: 8 February,all,phoenix14,"First off Tales of Berseria is a great game and I highly recommend it. I'm not going to go through all of the reaons why as many have already explained better then I ever could. What I will say is Developer: BANDAI NAMCO Studios Inc must have realised that Tales of Berseria was an extremly easy game and at the last moment they wanted to do something to make the game more challenging and in order to accomplish this they added the stun mechanic.I find that the stun mechanic in this game is just purely frustrating, you can not go in to a fight with out getting stuned. If you pull off a fight nearly perfectly you or your AI will have been stuned atleast half a dozen times. If the fight goes wrong then you can be expected to be stunned 50-60 times. Tales of Berseria is a great game with just one extremly annoying mechanic that prevents the game from being a pure joy to play."
76561197997621850,Recommended,429660,30070579,Posted: 20 February,all,Ferzea,10/10
,Recommended,429660,29638770,Posted: 1 February,all,IYB,"If u liked tale of Zestria then this is definately the game for you. Played 10 hours straight, only stopped because was too sleepy.This game offers much more combat depth with Artes, Special/hidden artes and combinations. The combos are glorious!!!Also if you are wondering if the DLCs are worth, then i can tell you from my own experience its worth every cents.I am a big of a hardcore gamer with games like the ""tales"" series and i started with hard and then intense mode.The DLC/Package will help you alot . (P.S if you stick with hardmode only no need the lvl pack, its still quite doable)I made sure Velvet fashion is a japanese fox girl!!!!10/10 would buy DLC again"
76561197966253804,Recommended,429660,30910446,Posted: 2 April,all,Total_Diversion,"Tons of fun, Namco delivers another hit Tales game. This one is darker and edgier than the usual upbeat Tales games, and it works very well. Combat is great as to be expected and lots of fun. The characters were good too and all felt unique. The story started out kind of weak but ended up with a strong ending. All in all a very good purchase if you have a game controller."
76561198200047858,Recommended,429660,31603094,Posted: 7 May,all,Scary Tugboat,Haven't finished it yet. But as a Tales veteran i can say that Berseria is just as good as Symphonia and Vesperia (if not slightly better)- Lovable characters- Awesome artes and combos- Really good story- Funny skits that makes one laugh- A lot of side quests and enemies to round up in your monster book- Beautiful music- A huge map and massive world- Secrets and references from old gamesI can go on all day.There's nothing bad at all to say about this game.10/10. A must buy
76561198326599118,Recommended,429660,33018094,Posted: 29 June,all,Primal,"Immersive RPG, The story is intresting, keeps you looking forward to what happens next without fillers."
,Recommended,429660,31644643,Posted: 9 May,all,ANG3LIC,"Gateway drug to the rest of the ""Tales of"" game series.Easy 9/10"
,Recommended,429660,32008987,Posted: 27 May,all,papaStuds,"If you are a fan of the ""Tales of"" series, this game is for you. Great story, loveable  characters, and intense combat."
,Recommended,429660,30912804,Posted: 2 April,all,Chase,"Keeping it simple, Berseria is a 'Tales of' game that has been polished to near perfection within the constraints of the series.  If you're familiar with the games, you'll know that every once in a while, one of the 'Tales of' teams inexplicably strikes gold, and the game becomes transcendent outside the fandom: Symphonia, Versperia, and now, yes, Berseria.+ Interesting, cohesive, and surprisingly well told story+ Lovable cast of characters+ Genuine drama+ Excellent English VO+ Combat system is just plain fun__________________- Repetitive OST with only a few standout tracks__________________+/- Very long__________________+++++++ MagilouBottom line:Must play for anyone who has ever enjoyed a Tales of game.Highly recommended to anyone who likes old school JRPG's.Not recommended for people who aren't receptive to anime sensibilities."
76561198091003748,Recommended,429660,31477543,Posted: 30 April,all,mmmmm,Beautiful game
,Recommended,429660,31538835,Posted: 4 May,all,CrazySioux,"Quite simply the best Tales game since Tales Of The Abyss. If Zestiria left a sour taste in your mouth, Berseria will try its damndest to redeem that title (and usually succeeding) while also devouring 60+ of your life in its own right. Zestiria left me wanting to get to know Eizen and he's end up being one of the most enjoyable characters in the Tales series. But alas, it also plagues us with the Jar Jar Binks of the Tales series with the over-dramatic and annoying Magilou. She tries too hard to be the comic relief only to get shown up by Bienfu, Eizen, Laphicet, and occassionally Rokurou. Another suprizing addition is Elanor, the disgraced exorcist. She ends up becoming the complementary opposite of Velvet - kicking and screaming in self-righteous denial all the way! Their character development over the the course of the game will remind you of how well Luke from Tales of The Abyss was handled.Other than that, don't let the specifications for this game fool you -- my stock Intel G3258 along with a GeForce 1050 can easil dish out a consistant 60 FPS at 1080p on my HDTV in Big Picture mode with most options cranked to maximum detail (save for shadow details - you might want to keep them at medium or lower). Zestiria couldn't even produce such performance at the lowests settings! Alas, if you're using the native GPU of the G3258 (or faster i3/i5/i7 processors), you might have to tone down the draw distance and SMAA ...Now for the bad news: your party members will seldom use their second or third Mystic Artes, and some will spam their 1st Mystic Arte like no tomorrow. Every time you turn around, there's Rokorou dishing out a Form 0: Sunder, Eizen goes ballstic, and Elanor is lighting a small fry up ... but when you need them to pull out the big guns during boss fights or Code Red hunts, you'll be disappointed. Every time Elanor gives an enemy a Lost Fon Drive, I gotta mark it on the calender - that's just how rare it is, and there seems to be no magic setting or configuration to address the issue. :("
,Recommended,429660,34711255,Posted: 3 September,all,Stewi,best jrpg released in years.
76561198042027267,Recommended,429660,32010732,Posted: 27 May,all,ZuperZocker,"Really enjoyed this Tales of game. I've played multiple in the series in the past and I would have to say, this is up amongst the top. The storyline was really compelling and the combat system was improved over past games. I enjoyed the character design choices as well. Overall, great game!"
,Recommended,429660,29650692,Posted: 2 February,all,Silvalant,It has a great story and playthrough. It's amazing.You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,429660,29734707,Posted: 5 February,all,Grin,"Definitely a huge improvement over Zestiria.Also every character is super broken for some reason, so that's fun."
,Recommended,429660,29735850,Posted: 5 February,all,☂Mawiois,"It's highly enjoyable.It's one of those fantasy books that you read when you're 13, and you know the heroes are in no danger. But they overcome stuff, learn things about themselves, wear fake moustaches. And everyone's interesting and likeable, so you finish the whole series.Though I wish it had the combat system from the older titles, at least it's not the garbage one from Zestiria. Basically you just mash one of the face buttons, and press RT whenever to become immortal and kill everyone. This high level of skill also stunlocks bosses for 100+ hits if your buddies AI co-operates.It somehow doesn't get old though. Probably because the writing is so solid."
,Recommended,429660,29558601,Posted: 28 January,all,Glutes,"Right from launch, Bamco has done much better on Berseria than they did with Zestiria.60FPS from the get-go, UI has no noticeable bugs for me yet, everything seems to work smoothly. Camera is pretty good.Story and game mechanics I can't speak much for at 2.5 hours in the game but overall I see myself playing this all the way through unlike Zestiria.Good job Bamco. Now give us more DLC costumes. (Edit: We got em!)EDIT at 18 HOURS in:Okay, I've had some decent time with this game now and feel more comfortable talking about the actual game.I have to say while Berseria is a huge improvement from Zestiria, it still kind of pales in comparison to older games in the series and I've noticed this has been a trend starting around Xillia I think.The combat system is good, Velvet's Break Soul is way too strong in my opinion (it's actually pretty game-breaking, for the uninformed for a small cost Velvet basically can't die when this mechanic is active and she can't be staggered/stunned either) while other characters' Break Souls either seem too weak in comparison or are just not as useful. There's some definite issues with game balance and it's very clear that Bamco put most of their efforts into Velvet as the main playable character even though there are plenty of other characters that interest me.Aside from balance issues, the combat system is still great, no real complaints. I do advise to play on at least Moderate/Hard though, or you'll just breeze through things (unless that's what you desire).The main issue I have with  Berseria (and subsequently, Xillia, Xillia 2, Zestiria) is the actual WORLD. While the game is very pretty and the environments are wonderfully crafted, it's so... vast and EMPTY. I had this issue especially with Xillia where I spent a good chunk of the game just running across land and battling monsters and checking every possible search point just in case I miss out on some item/drop.Though overworld monotony is common in JRPGs, it feels accentuated in the more recent Tales games, including Berseria. Symphonia and Abyss did not feel as stale as Berseria does outside of combat.I believe one of the main reasons for this is also the dungeon design - I think it's lazy. I may only be 18 hours in but so far I haven't encountered a single dungeon that was actually interesting. The game just requires you to go from point A to point B, kill monsters along the way, kill a boss, proceed. The older Tales games' dungeons were chock full of little puzzles and obstacles that you actually had to at least think for a minute to solve.A prime example is a dungeon in Berseria where you're underground in the sewers and you can flip a switch to adjust the water levels. In other (good) games, a switch like that would both lower the water levels in one area and raise it in another (thinking of early game Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess) and so you'd have to sort of think about things as you do them, and find the right pattern of triggering water level changes to proceed to the next part of the dungeon.However, in Berseria you simply just flip the switch, proceed, flip another switch, proceed. Brainless. There's no point in having mechanics like this if they don't actually add any depth to the gameplay.Even in Symphonia which I played 10 years ago I can still vaguely remember crunching my mind over the puzzles that the dungeons would have you solve in order to proceed.While I'm still enjoying the game in terms of the story, the characters and their interaction, the combat system and the DLC content (sucker for costumes), I can definitely say that for a majority of the game you will be just running along long pathways consisting of nothing but a few enemies that seem long for the sake of being long.There's even a particular area of the game that's needlessly large and annoying to navigate as you spend so much time just covering ground instead of actually engaging in any meaningful gameplay. I'm sure there will be many more areas like this as I play through the game.But that being said, that's my MAIN COMPLAINT with the game, but there are definitely more joys I have with this game than I have complaints.The characters are decently interesting and unlike Zestiria's cast I have a genuine interest in some of the characters in Berseria. Magilou in particular is a very interesting character and I'm interested in seeing how her personality (hopefully) develops and unfolds.Velvet, the protagonist, is a bit of a stereotypical angst-ridden character who's sole purpose in everything is revenge. It's badass at first but then kind of gets old after a certain point, I have to admit. It's noble of her to go to such lengths to fulfill her revenge but I really do hope that there's more to her character than just anger and hate as the game progresses. She has a soft side like most of these kinds of characters do, but that's not what I'm referring to when I mean I hope she develops more - I mean I hope there's more depth to the character.The other characters in the cast are also not bad, and none of them are insufferable which is always a plus.The story is nothing ground-breaking but Tales games are never really remembered for their stories anyway. Long story short, the plot is looking like one of those ""Good guys are actually corrupt and manipulating the masses, group of rebels work to stop them despite the odds"" kind of  plots, though at the point of the game I'm at there's still plenty of room for more development and depth.The music is great in the game, and I especially enjoy the opening song. Tales OST have always had a special place in my heart.OVERALL, I'm enjoying this game a lot so far. I definitely recommend people to give it a try. Even though the game may feel bland at some (or many) points, I think it's worth it to give a Tales game a shot at the long haul. End-game content is usually pretty good in Tales games, as well as replayability. There's also some mini-games that I've found so far that are pretty damn fun as well.  I'm looking forward to the rest of this game.TL;DR - Despite some major flaws with the game, Tales of Berseria is still a solid JRPG with an engaging combat system and many other redeeming factors that make it worthwhile to invest your time in.P.S - If you can, do yourself a favour and try to get your hands on Tales of the Abyss, Tales of Symphonia, Tales of Destiny R or even Tales of Phantasia (PS1 of PSP version, don't touch the GBA version). Those are some really great games that set the standards of Tales games for me.Tales of Graces and Tales of Vesperia are also pretty good according to many fans. Graces for the battle system and Vesperia as an overall title. Check 'em out. Thank me later."
76561198060808643,Recommended,429660,29755461,Posted: 6 February,all,Saber,Clearly a better improve version of Zestiria. Bought it on the first day it got release and i dont regret it at all. So far one of the best Tales game ive ever play
,Recommended,429660,29992530,Posted: 17 February,all,The Colonel,"i've played so many tales games that i can't be bothered to keep count and i don't think any of them have been as dramatically impactful, endearingly funny and as much of an exciting blast to play as this one. my favorite game in the series and one of my favorite jrpgs in general is tales of the abyss and berseria has pretty handily blasted its story out of the water a little less than half way through and it's only gotten better from there, this is going to be the first tales game i actually feel motivated to 100% out of how much of a sheer joy it is to play.every character feels great to play as in combat with a huge moveset of super flashy, cool attacks that are a joy to chain together into their breaks and blasts, with the switch blast system totally fixing issues of having to decide who you want to use in combat by basically letting you switch people in and out as the flow of combat demands, and there's not a single character among the entire cast who isn't funny or interesting in some wayon top of that, the work done on the pc port is really good and the fan fix only makes it better, it runs consistently well with decent settings at native resolution on my computer, which is a real outdated piece of crapplease buy this game, this is one of the best jrpgs, not just on pc, but in general"
,Recommended,429660,29928350,Posted: 14 February,all,TAW | Crimson Reaper |Recruiting,"By this point, i still havn't completed the story. This is also the first ""Tales of"" game i've ever played.To start, this game, in my opinion is great, i love the story telling, the music and the characters. Overall this is just a great game. Yes it can seem repetetive if you fight the same monstors teravelling from place to plae, but exploring the game is also one if it's highlights. However, this game does have something against mothers, so, just be warned.Anyway, is the game worth it's price, to be hounest, yea. It might be really expensive, but it's really fun to play, and has over a day's worth of story, without the dlc. I even think it would have replay ablility, although i havn't replayed myself, like i said, havn't completed it once yet, i still think about replaying it again.So, again, overall, this game is worth it's price."
,Recommended,429660,29566889,Posted: 29 January,all,NathanH,"I highly recommend this installment of the series.  It's one of the stronger titles in the set, more like Vesperia, Symphonia, or Eternia.  The party AI is rather useless, but not a big deal since you can change the difficulty whenever you want."
76561198117552010,Recommended,429660,35119422,Posted: 21 September,all,AnotherLuisD,Magilou is best girl. Eizen best boy. The end.
76561198052319259,Recommended,429660,30244054,Posted: 28 February,all,Hecilus,"Story: Prequel to Tales of Zestiria (answers quite a few questions that arise in ToZ) and sequel to Tales of Phantasia (brief mentions). You're given an interesting twist with this title: you get to play the villain (or, at least an anti-hero, instead of the usual band of heroes). I'd say the story was fairly good: the ending was kind of predictable, but still caught me off-guard, if that makes any sense.Gameplay: This title seems to be a polished blend of ToZ's and Tales of Vesperia's combat style. I like it a lot, especially since every character has unique moves allowing for versatile gameplay. Also, unlike some titles in the franchise, none of the characters seem especially strong or weak, since they each have their own set of strenghts and weaknesses. I don't know if they've gotten around to fixing the buggy AI or not yet, but I managed to find a work around by loading up my party with casters.For regulars of the franchise: This game is loaded with easter eggs. More so than any other game I've encountered in this franchise, so if you like that kind of thing: this game is a definite must-have. Also, they made quite a few improvements to the quality of life: like treasure chest detection (making it easier to know if you've gotten them all) and the use of exclamation marks to notify you of side-story content (so that you don't have to sleep at each and every inn to hunt down skits and side-quests).Overall: I'd say the game was a lot of fun and give it an 8/10 (relative to the franchise, which I'm a big fan of)."
76561198031102908,Recommended,429660,29644337,Posted: 2 February,all,kinigget,"I'm trying to think of another game where you were unambiguously the villain of the story that isn't either a grimdark slog or entirely silly and I'm coming up blankthis is a story about revenge, pure and simple.  Every member of your party is simply out to settle a grudge, minus the token ""good"" teammate.That's it.Any benefit we bring to the world is purely coincidental and I'm having the time of life with that simple fact aloneOh of course the game itself is great, I love the battle system, I love the characters, and I love that all the mechanics are straightforward and easy to use.  But most of all I love this story, and I don't think I'm even halfway done yetI should probably mention that this is the first Tales of... game I've ever played, which may be coloring my opinions a bit, but at the end of the day I'm having a lot of fun, and that's the only thing that really matters"
,Recommended,429660,29750437,Posted: 6 February,all,GalesLastBreath,"Within the first hour you break out of prison, kidnap a child, send countless people to their deaths, financially cripple a town, score a dank pirate ship, obtain the fealty of a crazed samurai demon, and murder a fairy for her bling."
76561198308981617,Recommended,429660,29967718,Posted: 16 February,all,darklillith,i love this game ive played every tales game from the gba to gamecube to this and the battle system is so fast and smooth the story is amazing worth the 50$
76561198045784533,Recommended,429660,30237319,Posted: 28 February,all,Sympathizer,Great storyline and characters.
76561198050021269,Recommended,429660,29668200,Posted: 3 February,all,lunarvida,When Symphonia and Zestiria have a love child that grows up a little goth and takes over the family estateBest Tales game I've played to date
76561198020891129,Recommended,429660,29735119,Posted: 5 February,all,Billdozer,"Tales of Berseria is a very refreshing anti-hero story that strays from the typical ""Hero's journey"" that has been played out a million times, even in the rest of the Tales of game franchise.The combat is mostly the same, with some changes to how your style and combo works. I won't dive too deep into it, but it forgos the typical 'Mash X for regular attacks and X+Direction for Abilities.' It works a little better, but can also put you in some tight situations.The characters are all interesting and have a lot of room to grow and learn - and do so in a very believable way.If you typically enjoy Tales games, this one is definitely one you will enjoy.I haven't beaten the game yet, but if my opinion changes at the end of the game, I'll update."
,Recommended,429660,34646837,Posted: 31 August,all,HOLYONE,"one of the best tales games ive played, great story of emotions vs logic"
,Recommended,429660,33226789,Posted: 4 July,all,Awakening,-Nice story.-Better than Zesteria.-Characters are nice.- 60 FPS.-Gameplay is medium.
,Recommended,429660,32057354,Posted: 30 May,all,lydash0060,"At first sight, I was interested of its graphic and animation, but I was wrong. The story itself was really great, my emotions and feelings are into the game (and yeah, I cried a bit at thereunion part and the end xD). Hopefully, someone can recommend me some cool RPG games (no matter it's similiar or not to Berseria, I will play them all :D)"
,Recommended,429660,29699867,Posted: 4 February,all,Giroliro3,"Coming from a person who's completed every Tales game that is regarded as one of the best of the series, I have to say that Berseria fits right in with that group. I would even go as far to say that it is now the newest member of the ""golden trinity"" which used to be made up of Tales of Symphonia, Abyss, and Vesperia.First off, this game is very long. Even after the credits roll there is still a lot of story to be told will fully animated cutscenes and a lot of character development. I beat the game at around 66 hours while doing as many side activities as possible, and I am currently 91 hours in as of writing this review and I still have a lot more to do before I feel like I'm comfortable enough to start a NG+.The gameplay is very engaging. You can choose at any time which character you want to play as, and though I always like to play as the main characters, I liked the side characters' styles enough that I may occasionally switch in this game.I do not like the combat as much as Xillia's but that does not mean it is worse in any way, I just loved Xillia's combat to pieces. With that said, I recommend playing this game on at least moderate difficulty. Some claim this game is easy, but I still die a lot on moderate difficulty when I try risky double battles.Aside from the combat, this game is extremely beautiful. At first glance you may not think the graphics are all that great but once you truly get to explore this world and look around, the artistic design of the world will probably make you forget everything you thought about the graphics.The story is amazing. My favorite story of the series has always been Tales of Vesperia, and it still has a special place in my heart, but I have to say that Berseria now holds the spot as my favorite Tales game, as well as my favorite video game in general.The cast is very interesting. The plot is exciting enough to make you not want to put the game down. There are a few easter eggs thrown in at Zestiria, so if you know anything about Zestiria's story, you can see that this game is indeed in the same world, but a knowledge of Zestiria's story is not at all necessary to enjoy this games story. However, this game may cause you to like Zestiria better if you didn't like it that much.As for the music, the songs definitely serve their purposes well and I found that there were a quite a few memorable tracks as well as forgettable ones, but I found none of them to be annoying or unfitting.After having finished the game, I do recommend having a little bit of knowledge of Zestiria's plot. It isn't necessary, but it does make this game that much better if you know the connections they share.Without spoiling anything, the features will keep adding up as you progress through the game. The combat from the beginning of the game will get more complex. At around 11 hours I was still learning some new ways to play this game, both in and out of combat.So far, I have no complaints. My review may be slightly biased due to the fact that Tales is my favorite rpg series but that does not prevent me from leaving a negative review if I thought negatively of the game. I am a huge fan, but not a fanboy.If you like action combat, I recommend this game. If you like strong stories, I recommend this game. If you disliked Zestiria, I recommend this game. If you liked Zestiria, oh boy is this the game for you!Also as a side note, Tales has one of the greatest gaming communities you will ever find. Avoid the steam forums at all costs as it is a terrible representation of the community. Join the facebook groups, discord channel, or reddit, and you will find everyone is friendly, helpful, welcoming, and overall a great community to make friends in.You probably won't see a single person complaining about denuvo (it does nothing to harm your computer) or censorship as they know that the (very very VERY little) censorship that exists in this game is not due to Bandai Namco wanting to change the (single) scene, but in order to keep this game available to people under 18, they had to change 5 minutes worth of content due to PEGI and/or ESRB's sheltering of the country's media."
,Recommended,429660,29961280,Posted: 16 February,all,Funky Homosapien,"This is honestly one of the best JRPG's I've played since Dragon Quest 8. I really miss games like this since it seems like now all we ever really get is WRPG's. The story in this game is facisnating to say the least, and the lore that accompianies it is also amazing. The main characters are interesting and have you wanting to push through the story just to go into more detail about their past. The gameplay may feel button mashy, but it has depth if you try to understand the combos. If you are hesistant on getting a new game and you want something to hold you over for a while, I highly highly recommend this game. You won't regret it when you play it."
,Recommended,429660,31536085,Posted: 3 May,all,Allen Wolf,"Always consider TOB is the best RPG in my eyes ! and l hope was that people finish reading a cracking story and just want more of them, that's where I comment on this game."
,Recommended,429660,30713939,Posted: 24 March,all,Pilon,"Loved the more mature take on the storytelling.Also, the English voiceover is pretty good. Especially Magilou, her voice actress did an awesome job!The subtitles could use some proof-reading though, so this is a con if you plan on playing with Japanese voices."
76561198026518633,Recommended,429660,30250720,Posted: 28 February,all,gless,Easily one of the best single player games I've ever played. The story is amazing and so are the graphics and combat system. Haven't had so much fun with a single player game in a really long time. The story is also unforgettable and each character is so memorable.
,Recommended,429660,30188329,Posted: 25 February,all,765Toasty,Best JRPG I've played in awhile and I'm only just getting into it.
,Recommended,429660,29560119,Posted: 29 January,all,Bhimavaram Bullodu,"good game,i like it."
76561198052706484,Recommended,429660,29645241,Posted: 2 February,all,mademan2,"Uuu boy, what a game. First of all, buy it, if you have any pride as a rpg player, you should do it for yourself and buy this game, you will not regret it :) It's of course not without it's flaws, sometimes the combat gets annoying, or the dungeons too stupidly long and sometimes you can't help but be frustrated at some character's stupidity.But all in all, this was a fantastic ride. First and foremost, gotta give props for the characters, even a great story such as this is nothing without amazing characters and boy they were here, and in force. As much as I liked Velvet as the anti hero protagonist and Laphicet as the lovably naive boy Seraphim (yea Seraphim, dunno why they changed to Malakim o.O) I freaking loved Eizen and his voice actors performance, while it was really good all around (maybe except Kamoana in some parts), Eizen was absolutely stellar, he would have stolen the show if it was not for the witch Magilou who absolutely charmed me, even with as little as we got to know about her, or maybe because of it, she went and became my most favorite character in tales game's (sorry Edna :()And of course, the meat of any game (even tho nowadays you could mistake it for something unimportant, the way this industry is going), the story. And I can't help but repeat myself, oh boy, was it there. I was unsure of the anti hero protagonist a little at the begining and I was frustrated with Velvet occasionaly, but the story has such an amazing message and belieavable way of expressing it and telling itself, that I could not help but feel thrilled to see what will happen next. The conclusion is one of the best gaming endings that I can think of and all the ties to Tales of Zestiria were nigh on perfectly connected and explained. I love it when stories make sense and there is actual world behind it. I am a little bit sad for Laphicet, that he did not get his love story fulfilled, but hey, that is just me, he would still need to wait years before he could even try anyways :DTo wrap up, I can hardly find anything to blame this game for after my 70+- hours in it, I fel absorbed and entertained the whole way through and I will be coming for seconds :) Heartily recommended!Edit: Oh and graphics? I almost forgot it's important, well it's justs sort of there, and world design? Passable, nothing to write home about, but it serves its purpose :)"
,Recommended,429660,35226186,Posted: 26 September,all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
,Recommended,429660,32974240,Posted: 28 June,all,Corbenic,Better than zestiria
76561197981502866,Recommended,429660,29615748,Posted: 31 January,all,聖杯くん,Best Tales of game since Xillia 2.
,Recommended,429660,31516221,Posted: 2 May,all,Cheerylixilis,Magilou.
,Recommended,429660,34971875,Posted: 15 September,all,Daruna ＼(๑╹ᆺ╹๑)／,finally a protagonist that actually acts realistically when put into a jrpg situation
,Recommended,429660,32841869,Posted: 26 June,all,Sour,"Amazing game, Albeit very pricey for what it is.Pros- fun story- smooth gameplay- cutscenes and animations are nice- great musicCons- better love that music because it even after you close it wont stop untill you restart- game is very linear- no real incentive to level up items- seemingly hundreds of hint screens on combos, attacks, breaks, lures, investment advice, and other stuff that you will never remember or use."
,Recommended,429660,29560977,Posted: 29 January,all,Dyvawn,"Long waited game finally released for pc version, FINALLY ITS HERE!!!!"
76561198021695024,Recommended,429660,29578894,Posted: 29 January,all,Zanitor,"This will be my third Tales game that I have played with the others being Vesperia and Zesteria. When I looked at this game trailer and theme about, I was really hyped and excited for this game to come out. This game really brought nostalgia when I once played Tales of Vesperia on how good this game really is.System InterfaceFinally a dang tutorial to explain everything about the game's newest feature and to old ones such as the mini map and how to move. The tutorial is welled spread out so your not overwhelm by infomation and that there a menu button to helped played to review about the game's system. Also the camera system is way better than its precessdor. The tutorials in the game actually give a step by step introduction on how to do the move in the first place before the combat begins. The only complaint I would have about this game is the difficulty measurements from being easy, normal, moderate, hard and insane (you have to unlock insane in the game). The only that changes between these levels is that your characters or party do less healing and gain less exp which I feel shackles the player. I set my game difficulty to hard and so far have not got a single wipe but have come close to it. Just wished that they made the enemy levels a bit higher when adjusting the difficulty.Combat:The combat systme is way different than its Zesteria for the better. It introduces the idea of combos that you can get to assign to each four buttons (playing with xbox one controller) to about a four combo move set. You can endless possibilites for what moves you want and can actually reassign during battle which is really helpful during times when you need to equip a right move to face an important. The combat is really flushed out and fun to battle with enemies and to use new combos on enemies.Plot and characters:My god the plot is just amazing and the characters seemed almost alive with their goals in mind. Each character has an unique personality which gradually develops over time as you progress with the story. The interactions with these characters are just great and funny. I love how Velvet seeks out her revenge with a cold determination and does everything she can do to acomplish it.  Or Magilou who I thought to be annoying character actually became a really niced character with her jokes and fooling around with the other characters which to me always made me laughed. That all the character's in your party are all together to complete their own individual goal but won't hesitate to cut each other down if the other gets in the way.Overall:This game is really amazing and fun for all fans who enjoy the Tales series. The story is just wonderful and it just wants you to keep playing the game until you actually complete it. The only things I would want them to improve on is the graphics with some graphics being painted on the walls but other than that this game looks and sounds amazing. I highly recommend it. Also I feel that being a game rated T for a setting like limits the game scenes and dramatic points but overall a really good outstanding game."
,Recommended,429660,35075520,Posted: 19 September,all,ArtGZT,Just buy it
,Recommended,429660,33425671,Posted: 10 July,all,crimson,yes
,Recommended,429660,33122560,Posted: 2 July,all,dekoci,"The story is really good,great graphic,great soundtrack,but I dont quite understand about the combo, I just spammed A/B/X/Y"
76561198139194557,Recommended,429660,31547842,Posted: 4 May,all,"Kotaro, the Legendary Wolf Lord","...Honestly, this game is actually really good...and it's actually able to run at a semi-decent 30fps at low settings on a low spec PC.  The Tales series has yet to disappoint me.  I've played all of them, from Symphonia to Graces, and everything in between, (only one I haven't played is Tales of the Abyss.)  But if you're a fan of deep storylines and nicely-animated characters...and you like a good challenge from time to time...you would probably enjoy this game...And if you're a Tales junkie like myself...You'll love this latest installation in the series, and as usual, you get subtle cameos from previous Tales characters...overall this one gets a 9.5/10 ...the .5 that I didn't give it is only because of some of the DLC costume set prices...they're a bit much for cosmetic DLC packs."
,Recommended,429660,29529636,Posted: 27 January,all,Hotarun,+Tales Of game+Better Tales Of since Vesperia+Likable Skill system+Nice characters+Great gameplay8/10
76561198033602078,Not Recommended,429660,33419440,Posted: 9 July,all,Citronvand,"Characters/Story 8/10Graphics 7/10Music	7/10Gameplay 4/10TL;DRGet this if:1. It's on sale.2. You don't need deep gameplay, a good story/characters is enough to satisfy you.I'm not going into details for the story and characters due to spoilers, but I think they were good. The main character is a anti-hero set out on a revenge quest, which was a nice change of pace from the ordinary ""save the world"". She also never really delved into the edgy personality which so many dark heroes have. So the story and characters are definitely the highlight of the game and probably, most likely, why this game has overwhelmingly positive score.But, while this would be sufficient for an anime or a book, this is a game, and a game has gameplay. Which is exactly where Berseria falters and why I cannot give a blanket recommendation. The battle mechanics are the main gameplay so lets start with that:The game has a real-time combat system where you control one, and only one, character. Each button (XBone: A, B, X, Y) is tied to a certain attack and together you can make a combo. By default, the game itself will set which attack is tied to which button by its own, but you can change this to your preference and make your own combos. Once you start gaining some levels you will get new attacks you can utilize. You also have something called souls, this is how many attacks you can chain together without waiting. You typically start with 3 souls which means you can make 3 attacks before you have to wait a second. Now, you can increase or decrease this soul value, this is done by stunning, perfect dodging, killing or inflicting a status ailment on an enemy. If you do so you will gain 1 soul. You can have a maximum of 5 souls, more with certain abilites, which means you can make 5 attacks in a row. But, if you are stunned or hit with a status ailment, you lose 1 soul, which means you can make 1 less attack. Having only 1-2 souls is very bad and can be a quick death in dangerous encounters on harder difficulties.To make it a bit more complex you can also make a ""break soul"" attack, each character has its own but I'll focus on Velvet since she is the main character and I have no inclination to play as anyone else. To make a break soul attack you have to have 3 souls and it will lower your soul value by 1. But it is a very strong attack, heals you and breaks guards and flips downed opponents, more importantly, it puts Velvet into a ""theonized"" state where she will do increased damage the lower HP she has, her HP will gradually drain but she cannot die, be stunned or get any status ailments. She can still take damage, but can only go down to 1 HP, at which point she will make a final attack and lose her theonized state. This also happens if you try to make an attack while you have used all the attacks already, for example a fourth attack if you only have 3 souls. The thing is, you can instantly use another break soul after the theonized state as long as you have 3 souls. This means you will be more or less invincible for the majority of the battles and is why many people regard her as OP. Because as long as you can get stuns and status ailments on enemies, you cannot die.That said, on harder difficulties and on special encounters, typically ""Dangerous encounters"" where you aggro more than 1 enemy at the same time on the map, you can still die easily. Why? Because 1 stun is enough to kill you, even though you have full health at the time, especially if more than one enemy attack you at the same time. Even if you survive, you will lose 1 soul because you were stunned and if this puts you on 2 souls you cannot save yourself with a break soul and might be stunned again and die. On normal difficulties however and normal encounters, this is hardly a problem because you have a low chance to get stunned and the enemy doesn't hit nearly as hard. Expect to never die if you play on normal. So, you might think that hard difficulties are the way to go then? Well. Harder difficulties also makes the enemy into damage sponges will will slow down the game significantly which is a problem in and of itself.So what's bad about this system? To start with, you only have control over 1 of your characters, which means the other characters will be completely under the control of the AI. Hell, you can make the AI take over your character as well, this way you don't have to do anything. Truly a great mechanic, let the game play itself for you. Regardless, it typically just turns into a chaotic mess and all you have to do is to spam attacks and break soul whenever you're not invincible. That's basically 95% of all battles, just try it out yourself in the demo. On some bosses and dire foes, especially on harder difficulties you probably want to check their weaknesses and use a combo that exploit it, to have a higher chance of stunning/status ailment them. But even then it is pretty simple as long as you can manage your souls, dodges and break soul attacks.So the combat mechanics is a bit meh. I think other games, like Xenoblade and Kingdom Hearts handled real-time combat with RPG elements (levels, HP, weapons, skills e.t.c.) much better. For once they were not as big of a cluster ♥♥♥♥ like this one and you felt more in control.That's the combat system. But the game has more gameplay than just combat, how about exploration. Well, the game is very linear, though it opens up at the end, it sadly reminded me of Final Fantasy XIII. No, it is not nearly as bad or linear, but the exploration is sorely lacking. You eventually get a ship, but you don't get to use it, no ship battles, no sea exploration, you just click on a map and you get instantly teleported there, there is no overworld, it's just small maps interconnected. Oh, that's right, there's a small mini-game involving the ship, basically, you send it to different corners of the world and you wait 30 min to get some loot, rinse and repeat. There's no thought behind it, just send it away and wait 30 seconds. If you have played Neptunia, it is like Stella's Dungeon except much simplier.You also get a base, but it must be the most lack-luster base I've ever seen in a jRPG, nothing like Suikoden or Skies of Arcadia. You might think that it might change appereance and maybe you could upgrade it by spending money, but no, nothing happens with it. To even call it a base is a insult to other jRPGs that actually have one.Something else that is completely bland and boring is the dungeons. I just cannot describe them better than just bland. There's just nothing there, no puzzles, no interesting environments, just bare corridors filled with monsters. I've seen these complaints even from those who like the game and recommend it. The dungeons suck.Finally, how about some mini-games? The only mini-game that was worth playing was the card game, a very simplified game but fun nonetheless. There is also fishing, you know how that works? Just press A. That's it, the character will do everything for you, some animation with a fishing pole and you get your fish. I feel like that encompasses how little effort has put into the gameplay of the game. Yeah, we're going to have a fishing game. Oh how will it work? Just press A. That's it.I just, it's so bad. Did they run out of money or something? There are also some other mini-games that are not worth mentioning.The game is not terrible but it is sorely lacking in the gameplay department. Like I said in the beginning, buy it if it is on sale and you care more about story and characters rather than deep gameplay."
,Not Recommended,429660,29549534,Posted: 28 January,all,Liono,"I want to start out by saying that if you're a huge fan of the Tales series, you might still love this game. The characters are surprisingly well written, the story is much more complex and interesting than any of the Tales games I've played since Abyss, Destiny, and Vesperia, which are my three personal favorites. The game has a lot of funny interactions and the comic relief characters are archetypes, but still provide some fun. When I started this game I fully expected to really enjoy it based on my past experiences where I got through the boring stories because of the amazing Tales combat system that we've all grown to love.Unfortunately it's the exact opposite in Tales of Berseria. I loaded up the game and started on the hardest mode available and at first I was loving the combat. The new combo system is fantastic and being able to use unique chains to find weaknesses is a huge reason why the Tales series holds a special place in my heart. Unfortunately you are eventually given a special attack ability binded to your RT button (on Xbox1 controller) that makes your playable character use a unique skill or combo. Most of the character's special abilities make sense, are situational, and interesting to use. Some of them have unique drawbacks and have to be used in specific situations, which make them very fun to use. Unfortunately Velvet was given a skill that dwarfs all the others.Velvet's special ability gives her a power boost that either starts a new combo or extends the combo you had going before you activated the special ability. It's the strongest ability in the game, it's AOE, it has no drawbacks other than using the resource that all special attacks use, it chain CC's all enemies, and usually you will do enough damage with it to kill an enemy and gain back the recource you used to start the combo. It's absolutely gamebreaking and makes every normal battle quick and easy.Unforunately the game is balanced around this broken mechanic being in the game so most enemies are meat shields who constantly guard and take shots like 50 cent unless you're using Velvet to one shot kill them in a combo from hell. Velvet can single handedly win normal fights in 10 seconds, and solo bosses by waiting until you have max ""souls"" and then chain comboing until the boss is dead. It completely ruins the fun of the entire game as the game is tedious and annoying if you're not using Velvet, but easy and insanely boring if you do.It's unfortunate that this is the case because the game is otherwise very interesting, but I mostly play Tales for the amazing combat system and by butchering the difficulty and putting a combat breaking skill in the game it has completely ruined the game for me. I don't understand why the last two Tales games have included this type of mechanic and it will make me vary wary of purchasing any future Tales games.UPDATE: I've played a quite a bit more and the game is only getting more reliant on spamming Velvet's special. I'm still playing on the hardest mode and they introduced ""Code Red"" fights where you fight a special boss that is a beefed up version of normal enemies. These fights would be an extreme challenge and would be fun. I've tried beating a few of these bosses without Velvet and have consistently failed time and time again, but I'm going to keep trying. Unfortunately I've loaded up a save and tried the fight with Velvet and spammed her special and was able to beat the boss without taking damage.There are separate fights where you provoke two separate enemies on the map to attack you at once and it starts a more difficult version of regular fights with hoards of higher level versions of the regular enemies. Every single one of these can be beaten in about ~1 minute by spamming Velvet special. If you don't spam the Velvet special it is a frustrating experience where your characters die in one combo. This is another horrible experience where the game was balanced around Velvet being able to AOE slaughter the entire enemy hoard without any skill or ability at all. Here's a prime example of one of these fights.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/118527191Final Update:I've gotten as far as I can stand with the combat system. I'm playing on insane mode now and I've killed every single Code Red enemy and boss to this point, minus one, by spamming Velvet's special move. It's gamebreaking, it's stronger than every other character combined, and still has no downsides or special nuances. Velvet is the only character you need to use and you only need to know how to parry, click R2, and mash an attack button to win every single fight in the game. The Tales crew obviously spent a lot of care balancing the other characters in the game, but when it came to Velvet they decided she should have no weaknesses and give her the ability to solo kill every single enemy and boss in the game and then balanced the game around her being that strong so if you don't use her it's just a pain.Again, if you like Tales games or button mashers you might still enjoy Tales, but I would definitely recommend waiting until the game goes on sale."
,Recommended,429660,30777248,Posted: 27 March,all,hentailov,"So, I heard that this dude Artorias impales this cute shota boy on his mighty sword, so i bought the game! Played it and none of that happens! So I look it up and turns out they censored it in the west, so I was like ""English version sucks"". Then I looked up original japanese and turns out they meant literal sword, made of metal. And I was like ""Japanese version also sucks"" These are shotas, if you don't have lewd yaoi stuff with them, what the hell are they good for?All in all, 10/10 best game in the series (C) IGN"
,Recommended,429660,30856149,Posted: 31 March,all,Dermot,"This game is hands down the best ""Tales of""-Game i`ve played i just couldnt stop. improves from its predecessor in every way.Highly Recommended"
76561198013064274,Recommended,429660,32707515,Posted: 23 June,all,O Waifu My Waifu,"This game is wonderful. An engaging story, colorful characters, and runs well despite being a port. I'd recommend installing the frame stabilizer available online (just google ""tales of berseria fps fix and click the steam community link)."
,Recommended,429660,32761049,Posted: 25 June,all,rituals,"Honestly the greatest of all time, with the exceptions of Xillia 2 and Symphonia.. So actually the third greatest of all time 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,32999556,Posted: 29 June,all,Chrissi_Arcadia,Insane Game - Love it
,Recommended,429660,29587210,Posted: 30 January,all,Rizza,"I tought the battle will be the same with zesteria and with it's wonky camera, but i was wrong, its better.PlusBetter battle system from previous oneBetter control over camera from previous oneIt's tales series signature English dubing one of few japanese game i will ever played dubbedMinusThe story a bit dark (become plus if you like dark story)infoThe game use Denovo personaly i dont mind as long the steam available i think I don't need to worry about my copy missing.but if you do this game use it."
76561198038704931,Recommended,429660,33210186,Posted: 3 July,all,Tiller,"I was a little bit hesistant to get into Tales of Berseria due to the fact I didn't get hooked into Zestiria and wound up stopping ater 40 minutes of gameplay. I feel that Berseria starts off stronger and is more interesting. The combat can feel repetitive but since you have a group of playable characters by about 15-20 hours in the game can always feel fresh. Usually it's easy to find someone who fits your playstyle because of this. The story is pretty good and the group of characters is pretty charismatic, there's no forced love interest for any of cast which is also good. Like most JRPGs this game is a lot of grinding, it is posisble to surge through it and cheese the bosses to some extent but typically grinding makes up a huge amount of the gameplay which usually isn't that bad since you can change up characters between fights.  Overall, Tales of Berseria is a lot of fun to play and delivers a pretty good story. The characters and their interactions are very well done, the only issue I really had with the game was with a few of the English dub voices, they're overall very good but there were a select few I couldn't stand."
76561198061403132,Recommended,429660,31524409,Posted: 3 May,all,Kyousuke Azai,"Boy oh boy, finally finished the game for the first time, mind you, no new game+ content have grazed this review yet, but still there is a lot to say about this one, so settle down, grab some refreshments and thank you ahead of time if you devote the time to read this one. Oh, and I will do my hardest to keep this spoiler free, though some areas, characters etc. I might mention could be considered as spoilers as well, so you've been warned.Starting with the combat, graphics, setting, characters and of course a bit of the story.Combat - I'd dare to say it's the best out of the tales series so far, the combat here is the polished, it feels smooth, responsive, intuitive and most of all fun. And if you are the kind of a player who can't stick with something for too long, worry not my friend, for you can switch between all six of your party members with each of them comes a completely different playstyle, Velvet is swift and brutal and if built right almost unkillable, Rokurou is mobile and his skill ceiling is considerably higher as his mechanic completely depends on countering his opponents and you can imagine, should you mistime your counter, your face will be quickly smashed by probably a fairly heavy and possibly a sharp object. Aizen is slower and like a proper earth seraph he hits excessively hard, Eleanor is there with all her poking utencils and of course Phi and Magilou for some smashing spell funsies. Long story short there is something to keep you engaged in the combat for ridiculously long time. I imagine mastering every character might take you closer to probably 200 maybe 300 hours as they all learn new artes at all times.Speaking of artes, you can rebind them, THANK THE LORD AND SAVIOR OUR ETERNAL EMPYREAN, effectively allowing you to pick and choose and tailor each button to a specific combination of attacks you want. As per usual you are not bound to your 4-attacks-and-done mechanic, as you can effectively cancel out of every and any attack to keep your combos going and you are actively encouraged to do so, for damage bonuses make the combat feel all that much more satisfying with those big damage numbers.As far as equipment goes... well... hundreds upon hundreds of things to equip and master, as well as fashion items which you can either get as DLCs (highly recommend the pirate one), you can also get them through exploring in-game. Outside of combat there are minigames to sink your teeth into for some freebies and bragging rights, which I found a little more fun than they have any right to be to be perfectly honest. You can also send your ship full of swashbuckling pirates to scavenge the sea and bring you the ever so rare items, recipes and ingredients for your delightful cookbook, who knew eating a good lunch could revive you from the dead, or make enemies cough up that sword you always wanted.Graphics - First thing first, this game is vast, huge, big, girthy. With tons of areas to explore and as many will probably expect the graphics of anyone outside of our protagonists and the baddies might not be that great, yes you might be right, the regular citizens around are nothing exceptional to look at, but certain areas you can get to explore literally made me stop and first look and appreciate the scenery. From far reaching green pastures to beatiful caves with shiny crystals everywhere(some of which will try to pound you into the ground) to absolutely peerless and beautiful beaches and coral areas. Whilst it's not the main focus, some places have a lot of charm to them and definitely aid the idea of you living in a pretty world, which you will completely destroy in your quest for reve- no? Okay...Characters - Surprisingly in this game, characters actually have... well... character, which is more than I can say for quite a few modern games out there today. You will be introduced to them and grow to like them, probably, through a little conversation segments presented in a visual novel style as well as actual cutscenes done with the ingame engine. Some of them more serious than others, some outright ridiculous, aka Aizen smashing Rokurou in the gut to check whether he is not dreaming, you will get it once you see it, it's a gem not to be forgotten. And I have to mention as well, both, the japanese and surprisingly, the english dub are excellently done, for the most part at least. The one thing I do have a tiny gripe with is the 20-feet-stop-walk syndrome, where you will go through a conversation, walk 20 feet aaaand there is another one. But don't worry that happened only a few times across the entire game and for some, it won't even be a problem.Story - The story is great.........What? I told you no spoilers. Alrighty then, how to describe it then...hmm... Right. The thing this game is doing right (or maybe wrong) with its story is that you effectively have no idea how close you are to the end of it, until, that is, the very end of it. There were many times where I thought, damn it's ending already, only to be proven wrong and the game would keep on going. And I guess I should also mention, if you do happen to enjoy JRPGs such as this one and don't mind the anime style (Can we finally stop judging games based on their looks? Please?), I'm happy to tell you, this game will not dissapoint you with its ending, so much so, it might tug on a few heartstrings. If you are the kind to get attached to this band of misfits, many girly and manly tears, let's not judge, will be shed.So to sum it up, I'd like to thank you, if you've managed to read this far in and would also heartily recommend you to get this gem of a game, as it is truly one of the best Tales game, if not the best right now. Now if you excuse me, I have myself a new game+ to tackle."
,Recommended,429660,29948362,Posted: 15 February,all,J Detan,"I liked Tales of Zesteria, but it had a lot of flaws, from the narrative being disjointed to the world being underdeveloped, to the combat just not quite feeling right. Tales of Berseria fixes all of those to provide an excellent followup to an OK game and a great game in its own right. The world is fleshed out tremendously and given a few sly nods to other games, the narrative feels much more focused while still managing to build on the foundation of Zesteria to provide a stronger whole, and the combat is great, which a much better camera and a focus on four party members being in action at all times again.The plot is also a breath of fresh air, focusing on what is essentially the villians as they tear through the world. The Tales series has always been pretty good at writing compelling antagonists, and this party is fun, mostly because they're all jerks in some way. The writing's quick witted and sharp, and even though there were a few typos and obvious mistranslations (Zero Impact Vest is an attack name, the voice actress just calls out ""Zero Impact"") I noticed along the way, they never got in the way of my enjoyment of the game. People that are more apt to notice and focus on errors  will probably find that a bit more irritating, so that is at least something to keep in mind.Overall, though, the game was just fun. There are tons of nods to the entire rest of the series through the optional minigames, on top of the nods that are part of the main plot, which as a long time fan, I appreciated, it has a stronger plot and better attention paid to detail than the last few games, and the battle system is one of the best the series has ever produced. I enjoyed digging into this game, and will probably get into the post game for a while afterwards."
76561198040944497,Recommended,429660,30052942,Posted: 20 February,all,bonjovisxs,"I gotta say I was blown away.First I have not looked at the japanese voices, however the english voice overs are amazing, something you rarely see from anything japanese in origin.The good- Story is spot on, dark with some light stuff, really sends you on an emotional roller coaster.- Game is good at getting you to try to dig deeper in the world.- As I said above, english voice overs are spot on.- Game is LONG, something you rarely see now, well worth the price. I never wanted it to end but also was wondering how much longer it can possibly last, got 61 hours before beating it (with sidequests though).The bad- Battle system seems like something your gotta really learn to get beyond just button mashing, its a bit too complicated in my opinion.- The collectables are not really worth it, while little costume accessories are cool, it feels the game made to much of an emphasis on it.- Gear does not feel worthwhile, you end up switching constantly to ""master"" everything, even more or less gimping characters, yet you don't see much of a difference in battle.- Sometimes the ""extra"" events can pull you away for to long right in the middle of a dungeon/ big story moment, and if your a completionist like me you can never just skip them.Well worth its price. I made sure to put negative points as well but most of them did not bother me all that much, just those annoyances you get with any game."
,Recommended,429660,31779734,Posted: 15 May,all,Argona,"Tales of Berseria is a fantastic RPG with the real time action combat that the Tales of series is well known for. Flashy combos of attacks are to be expected, and Berseria offers nearly complete customization of combos, only limited by what you have at the moment. The newest edition to the system offers unique attacks or techniques at the cost of your stamina, which keeps the combat fast and furious.You play as Velvet Crowe, who wants nothing more than revenge for what happened to her family and is willing to do anything to get it. Right away, veterans of the Tales series will notice that this is different from other Tales games, in that you aren't playing a hero. The game isnt afraid to let Velvet and her party do things that are straight out villainous.What elevates it over the other games in the series is the absolutely fantastic characters and story that game brings, a near total 180 from the disaster that was Zestiria. I was very engaged with Velvet's story from the beginning, and every main character has an interesting story. Berseria's great characters even extends to the various NPC characters you meet up with Yes, even the mascot character gets development! I won't spoil anything but I will say there were some absolutely shocking moments that I absolutely enjoyed.It isn't perfect, dungeons and exploration aren't anything special, and can be said to run a bit long. Sometimes the game will expect you to backtrack which can be annoying at times. I played using the english dub, which was mostly good except for one big stinker of a side character. The game does also provide a japanese voice option for those who prefer it. Some of the later skits (little optional party interatction bits) were translated poorly in text, but the english dub was perfectly understandable.Still, Berseria is an excellent entry in the Tales of series, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes JRPG games."
76561197999293669,Recommended,429660,30744132,Posted: 25 March,all,Shakes999,"Great improvement over Zestria. The game is constantly throwing new wrinkles at you in combat so it keeps it interesting and it's nice playing as the jerks for once.That said, it's time to shake the formula up or at least shorten them. Playing as the bad guys was a great start! But like every other Tales game, once you hit about 60% through, it starts to drag♥♥♥♥♥ This game (and every other tales game)could be 15 hours shorter and it could benifit greatly. The characters go from amusingly evil the first half to bland as white rice by the second half and just typical quirky heros. The cutscenes and in game conversations that were interesting are now just tedium. They are literally having philosophical conversations about wine. Oh my god, shut up.I'm enjoying the overall story but good lord, I'm 56 hours in and the end is still nowhere in site. Why won't this game end? I got my moneys worth and enjoyed my time with it but has worn out its welcome. I'll just do what I do with every other Tales game when I get in the last quarter of the game. Put it down for a year til I can forget how bad it was dragging and finally finish it."
76561198342059619,Recommended,429660,30849211,Posted: 31 March,all,Clem,This game won't disappoint you. I swear.
76561197984737819,Recommended,429660,29863305,Posted: 11 February,all,No_SuRReNDeR,"I put 102 hours of my life into this MASTERPIECE.... need I say anything?....This is one of my favorite ""Tales of "" games..everbuy this game, even if you never played a ""Tales of""  in your life. The story is great the charecters have depth and arcs.... its tragic and glorious.This is now one of my top 3 Tales of Games ever.I love this game and treasure the time I spent exploring one of the BEST rpgs I have ever played."
,Recommended,429660,30880287,Posted: 1 April,all,Bilamy,"Amazing story, VERY LONG game."
,Recommended,429660,31528568,Posted: 3 May,all,FantasticWalmartShopper,"Great story and great combat system. If you like a OP button masher ability wombo combo and a good story then this is for you. Have a little ""J"" in your RPG."
76561198057940942,Recommended,429660,31501011,Posted: 1 May,all,CptMullen,"This is my first Tales game, i have been considering trying one out for some time now and everyone seemed to be giving it good reviews, 6 hours in and I am really loving it. So if you are hesitant and havent really tried these games this one is solid for sure. The story is engaging, the characters are interesting, and the combat is fluid and fun!PS. dont flame me i dont ever review games just giving my 2 cents is all"
,Recommended,429660,31534706,Posted: 3 May,all,Kevinzzz 123,"BAD ENGLISHThis is my my second tales games, the first one is Zestiria, which I will do a review later.And also this is my first time doing a review on games. I don't know what to say about this game so.....YeahFirst thing I want to say is the gameplay. It looks normal like almost every jrpg games. And the combat system is like tales of xillia ( I never play xillia but I watch the game plan on YouTube) and some tales games, you can go around whenever you want while encounter the enemy. some early tales games, you only can go left and right. Something that I really don't like is the combo system, there are to many combos and buttons for you to setting what kinda combo do you want. Idk about other people but for me, this is a confusingI really love the story of this game, because this game become really dark pretty fast in the first hour of gameplay(I really love dark story). This game takes in the same universe as Zestiria, thousand years before Zestiria. So there are some little spoilers for ZestiriaThe graphics in this game  is like every jrpg games right now, it's soooooo anime. Which I won't complain about itTalk about voice acting, the Japanese voice is always Good no matter what. The English voice is also good, but it some scene, it's fit with the scene, and some are kinda force. Kamoana's English voice...................NoI forgot to say, you also can play others characters too, there are 6 characters you can play with if you progress the story. Some character is really hard to play because of the combos. Velvet is too overpoweredThat's my review for this game. Idk about other people.1. Good gameplay, complicated combat system2. Story is really good, with little spoilers for Zestiria3. Graphics like every jrpg4. Voice acting both are really good, except kamoana's English voice5. And loveable characters (magilou best girl and velvet wife material)9/10"
76561198073659123,Recommended,429660,33892466,Posted: 29 July,all,DEFCON 1,-
,Recommended,429660,33239897,Posted: 4 July,all,Netmaster,"Best JRPG I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Not even that big a fan of the genre, this is a work of art."
,Recommended,429660,30173394,Posted: 25 February,all,Silk,"Finally, a game that isn't about generic dude mcduderson saving the world and getting the girl. You want romance? Not here. You want stereotypical plot and characters? Move along. TOB breathes new life into a tired genre, because it has superbly written characters and a great overall storyline.I'm sure you must already know the twist here is that you get to be the ""bad guys"" but at no point is anyone evil just to be evil. Sometimes it can be a bit too tryhard - you will lose count of how many times certain characters remind you of their so called evilness. One wonders if this is an issue with translation, though.There are many optional skits to delve into character building or interact with NPC's and for the best part they add to the game. But - sometimes it feels like a little too much. I like pointless banter, especially when it builds character, but I feel some of it was either poorly translated or just plan went overboard. That said, the dove scene should win some kind of steam award.Velvet makes for a great main character - it can be easy to be put off her given the oversexualised outfit - especeially if you're a feminist, like me. It's worth ignoring it this time, because underneath the pointless fan service is a well crafted character with a lot of depth and progression to work through. You can change her outfit too, but sadly there's no ""fixed"" version of her main attire - a real shame as half nudity aside I like the overall design.The English dubs in this game aren't so bad, in fact Velvet and Magilou are so good I prefer them to the jap audio. Eizen is great, too - though rokoru sounds a bit like he has a constantly blocked nose which is a shame. The overall soundtrack is perfect, but some later battle tunes are nowhere as good as the former. Thankfully there's an in game mechanic to pick your soundtrack, and you can also tweak volume sliders if you're unable to hear the music over the constant battle chatter.The in game graphics are a bit dated, but they do the job well and the anime cut scenes are above par in terms of animation etc.Overall it's a great game and I enjoyed the solid 80+ hours. I am half tempted to play through NG+ but so little time..."
76561198181219551,Recommended,429660,33990211,Posted: 3 August,all,Fierce,"If there is Tales of Berseria 2, release and sell it to me.U can sell me 100 bucks, imma still buy it.Reason?This game inspire me to the world of jrpg.Story?Bgm Sfx?Graphic?Gameplay combo style?Char uniqueness?PlsEverything is beyond my expectation.My top game out of 30 games which i bought before.Hitman? Dota? Paladin? Outlast?I quit and focus on this game from now on.Thanks for the discount tbh, trully appreciate it.U guys are doing well, so well that I can't even describe.And thanks,for bringing me to jrpg world.Didn't notice there are such wonderful category game in steam,at all.11/10."
76561198042770129,Recommended,429660,31267161,Posted: 20 April,all,LordGensokyo,"10/10in the words of a certain character speaking at the worst possible timing,Velvet makes a great wifeThis is a ""RPG of discorvering your own reason to live""Expect lots of laughter/tension/despair/hate/anger and hope in this grey journey.Hope they add another tales of in this setting!"
76561198030127591,Recommended,429660,31729270,Posted: 13 May,all,Reighnvhasta,"Definitely worth picking up, even at full price. Fully voice acted game with a cast of lovable and diverse characters who all get their fair share of screentime and interactions. Story alone is roughly 50-55 hours with a great deal of post-game content. The story itself isn't the usual ""friendship conquers all"" theme, but rather a dynamic story about revenge. Gameplay is pretty similar to Zestiria, You run into enemies in the field to start combat and fight in a ring. Combat is fast paced, not turn-based. As you level up, you get new skills that allow you to customize your combos as you see fit."
76561198240161104,Recommended,429660,31162377,Posted: 15 April,all,Calvin,"Fantastic game - From the art work to the story, everything just fits together so well.If you're still considering purchasing TOB i strongly suggested you do !"
,Recommended,429660,29685716,Posted: 3 February,all,Boondock,This is hands down the best Tales game in a decade.
76561198061771585,Recommended,429660,34125980,Posted: 9 August,all,joxertm22,"Masterpiece:- trolling (the game has a bonus Katz level that's übertolling, apart from that Magilou trolls everyone including herself, designers, designs, publisher and even the player themself!)Brilliant:- the story: this time you're roleplaying a girl who's brother got killed, the murder turns her into a deadly mistress of doom who wants her revenge by any means necessary - you won't be an usual dogooder here (imagine a setup similar to cult classichttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/just not rated M)- all characters have their stories and agenda, all are different, noone is boring and this is a rare game where I actually cared about each and every one of them- original (japanese) voiceover is top notchOkay:- UI in PC port (could have been better though, but is still acceptable)- semiopenworld (would be awsome if the world parts weren't closed based on ""chapter"")- you can make quicksave anywhere (would be better if was mapped on F5 and not unnatural keycombo with Q on PC)Bad:- outdated graphics that look like just a bit better than now ancient Gothic 1- maps and map system does not fit plenty of backtracking this game has- combat does look flashy but is easy, repetitive and boring, typical mushroom rubbish- english dub feels like if was made by a few teenagers joking aroundAtrocious / unforgivable sin:- the game is a grinder in every single bit, anything you want to do, you must grind and by that I don't mean just fighting, but also crafting, collecting ""collectibles"", cooking, etc- level design is worse than amateurish- all minigames suck, all stink and not a single one of them is funThis game is a mustbuy IMOjust because of it's story, characters and trolling rarely seen in any game.However, because everything else in it is mediocre or horrible,wishlist it and buy when discounted.This title is one of games that needs to be remade with nongrinding systems and with PC graphics/UI which would make it 10/10 material. In it's current form I can't put on it more than:6/10Additional note: Do not buy Tales of Zestiria which is Berseria's sequel because if I got it right, is even bigger grinder than Berseria with a mediocre story. Watch the anime series instead, it's very good (it does contain a few story changes, but nothing insulting like Tom Bombadil being exiled from movies)."
,Recommended,429660,34246951,Posted: 14 August,all,korasai,.
76561198216671159,Recommended,429660,31521940,Posted: 3 May,all,KukuFefe,Simply Good 7.5/100
,Recommended,429660,34235632,Posted: 14 August,all,Imperios Fei,"This is one of those ""Huh!? It's 5am already?!"" kind of game. Has some flaws with gameplay but one of the few games in my library I've spent more then 10 hours on."
76561198353981177,Recommended,429660,34235050,Posted: 14 August,all,Killer_Bean,"Absolutely flawless the story was amazing and had perfect character development. The gameplay is great and the fact you can change your character/attacks makes it so the game can't get repetitive. Easily the best game I've played, would recommend to anyone looking for an amazing story. The music is gorgeous and is the cherry on top."
,Recommended,429660,33329089,Posted: 6 July,all,<solojungle,:D
,Recommended,429660,33448338,Posted: 10 July,all,Wraith,"Even if you're not into JRPGs and not a fan of this genre, play this game for it's amazing and emotional story!trust me, you won't regret it..."
,Recommended,429660,34020824,Posted: 4 August,all,Gilfilly,"1st I played Zestaria (go play that now if your picky about gameplay)Then I played this (Tales of Berseria).If you want to know if it's worth playing, it is. However; only worth if you like anime or JRPGs.If your wondering if you should play Zestaia first, you shouldn't. This game takes place thousands of years before Zestaria and is more magical if you play it first(however I did see myself piecing together character roles since i played Zestaria first).This game is hit or miss, less the first 4 hours of cut scenes and gameplay(about 30 mins if you skip the cut scenes... ikr sooooooo many cut scenes)ALSO, you can speedrun this game in about 20 hours if you skip all cut scenes and perhaps 100% the game in 50 if your fast and dedicated(and skip all story).All and all; what you need to know, that you must pester/petition/barade the publisher and developers to port more tales games to the pc platform. I simply refuse to emulate these games without steam achievments or just simply not paying to support more BS Philosophical Amine JRPG Bull shizzzzzzzzez on PC. This is an market that actually does EXIST in the west and I for one am willing to pay an premium(but also would like things to be cheap for others.... that overpriced dlc is totally something i will buy everytime!Also if you are not convinced this is the next 2 months of your life right here, I will let you in on a little secret. I spend 1 hour per character per playthru(at least 3) just making sure they have the percect hair, outfit, and accesories! If thats not your thing for a game that is pretty much 3 seasons of anime in an JRPG.... than don't buy this game!"
76561198182409310,Recommended,429660,34021708,Posted: 4 August,all,Shadowrush,This is a fantastic and unique tales game that is well worth the money. I have 112h of time into the game so far and im not even finished yet. The story to this game will slap you in the face with its constant plot twists and unexpected developements in a way that is utterly thrilling and will have you on the edge of your seat if you get into it. Oh and for those of you wondering if there is and english setting as i did before i bought it there is.
,Recommended,429660,29560086,Posted: 29 January,all,[31st]Fritzel,"Played 22 hours straight, from 6 AM to 4 AM the next day.What more is there to say?"
76561198040497552,Recommended,429660,29787797,Posted: 8 February,all,starwww,Great Game been playing a good while now. Loving the story and Combat.
,Recommended,429660,33301355,Posted: 5 July,all,✪ JeO,Play if u like underboobs
,Recommended,429660,30286996,Posted: 2 March,all,Markuz Juniuz,"This is my first Tales game and I loved it. Like a good anime the story of Tales of Berseria keeps you glued to the screen. In this game's case it's keeps you in an eternal ""one more save point"" to get the story moving forward. The cast is also very memorable.The battles can get repetitive (at least on normal) and they kinda stress you out when real life calls and there's no save point in sight but for some reason they can be addictive too if you've got the time. Maybe it's because of the lovely floating numbers. Seeing big numbers will make you want to see even bigger numbers next time.Its graphics isn't amazing though. Low resolution textures everywhere. It's fine for the characters since it's anime but the environments' textures are like those of PS2 or PS3 games. But overall the art style is still very good. In short it's technically bad but aesthetically still very good.I finished Final Fantasy III and FF8 so I think I kinda like JRPGs. Then, after failing to finish FF13 and FFX no matter how hard I try to like them I thought JRPGs are no longer for me. It's a good thing I took the plunge and got this game because otherwise I would've missed this gem."
76561198013512741,Recommended,429660,34890595,Posted: 11 September,all,CBSq Armade,By far the best Tales game I have played.I have played some of the others on ps2 and ps3 and this one is litterally the best one out of the bunch.Magilou is by far the greatest character ever!!
,Recommended,429660,35024566,Posted: 17 September,all,"Dude, it's Mokey Mokey","Despite some inconsistent frustrations with the combat(Sometimes it infuriates me and sometimes I find it delightful) and some ugly environments, the great characters(except Velvet the protagonist), character arcs and fantastic dialogue outweigh the shortcomings that come from actually playing the game, even if the story it gets a little too 'anime' sometimes.A terrific ARPG with a tasty revenge story that...honestly didn't have the greatest payoff for me personally, but with a journey towards the conclusion that was very enjoyable.And I could honestly gush about the characters. With all their little interactions with each other I just love them. Especially Rokouro, who is basically Inuyasha. And is cool."
,Recommended,429660,29978658,Posted: 16 February,all,Saias ⑨,Emotional rollercoaster that is all i can say.
76561198120937563,Recommended,429660,34438737,Posted: 23 August,all,deadric,sick story i ever seen love it ....
76561198263156187,Recommended,429660,30232326,Posted: 27 February,all,Freak-of-Games,"Where do I begin? After playing Zestiria (Which I love to death), I had extremely hight hopes for this game. And they were met. The one thing I feel it was lacking was that the story didn't ""grab"" my attention. I didn't cry at the end, like I did with Zestiria and Symphonia. However, this game is amazing, and I need more. I need more info on the shepherd's and the malaks/seraphim. I wish that they would continue on with another game in this timeline and make it better than both Berseria and Zestiria."
,Recommended,429660,31155544,Posted: 15 April,all,Daddy Fernus,I still don't know why birds fly
76561198059890699,Recommended,429660,32374393,Posted: 12 June,all,Foxer,makes me crymakes me madmakes me happyall at the same time
76561198342613854,Recommended,429660,32607694,Posted: 20 June,all,brockwtrs,A heart warming story of a sister's love for her dear younger brother.
,Recommended,429660,31161226,Posted: 15 April,all,xNoktemAeternus,"Arguably one of the best tales games ive experienced, cant speak more highly of this game"
,Recommended,429660,32841611,Posted: 26 June,all,KaoriX:Ero,one of the best jrpgs i have ever played in a long while. Its worth to check it out for both newcomers and veterens
76561198020171012,Recommended,429660,30206462,Posted: 26 February,all,Ssr1368,"Great game! I'm enjoying it so much. Gameplay FFXII like, combat system eternal sonata / legend of Legaia like, story very well written, by now seems very good, and very touching with huge attention to details."
76561198079506057,Recommended,429660,32633064,Posted: 21 June,all,pixelcaster,"Great game, possibly the best of the Tales series so far. Get ready to have your heart wrecked in the best possible way. The storyline is intriguing, and the cast of misfits really make you question your own personal moral compass. Combat system isn't anything totally fresh, but not a deal breaker. I like the fact that you can quick travel around the world with a ship. Definitely a great game, I hope Namco/Bandai pursue this kind of direction with future games."
,Recommended,429660,32996781,Posted: 29 June,all,piapp,better than Zhitsteria
76561198165564599,Recommended,429660,30331448,Posted: 4 March,all,RasonG,"JRPG with amazing characters, mostly great story and great combat system.BUT the dungeon design is repetively annoying and story twists are rather see-through.While main story is must play, DON'T play the optional end dungeon,as it compiles the bad sides of this game very visibly.I'll also recommend anyone who wants to play this game to change Velvets clothing to village girl set,as most flashbacks and serious moments work better in that set.Also props for the english voice cast, JRPGs rarely have this good english dubbing.But for future improvement, kamoana sounds more like an adult with sore throat than a child, and angel pig from the optional (don't go there) dungeon sounds very bored rather than serious."
76561198002869881,Recommended,429660,31649994,Posted: 9 May,all,Donald Trump,"*POTENTIAL SPOILERS*So just a tad of back story. I got Breath of the Wild when it came out and easily pumped about 120 hours into it. After I finished everything I wanted, and set forth and beat Ganon the game was complete and I did not know what to do with myself. So for days on end I just sat in boredum not knowing what sort of game to play, or what to do. I needed something to fill my time and occupy the void that Breath of the Wild left in me. That is when I noticed Tales of Zestiria in my Steam library. I never really got into the Tales games before - although I had played Symphonia just over halfway through. Sadly, never finished it though. I enjoyed Zestiria. It was a nice story, the characters were likeable. The game mechanics were fun and I had a lot of fun playing it. Ultimately, it allowed me to peacefully move on from Breath of the Wild.Sadly, I noticed Tales of Berseria was on sale during the Anime Sale Steam had on at the time. I was not very far into Zestiria so I did not know if I wanted to buy it. So I missed the sale. Once I had beaten Zestiria and learning that Berseria was a sequel I had to have it. So sadly, I paid full price. After having played the game, I would have paid double to play through this amazing experience. I feel like Zestiria was a test game leading up to Namco's Magnum Opus in Tales of Berseria.The characters. Just simply amazing. Every single one of them is their own person with their own amazing quirks. I won't go too in depth about what each one is due to spoilers, but I fell in love with everyone I met, even the NPCs. No conversation is ever random. Every single Skit is fun and enjoyable and adds a little more to the story. Some conversations even become running gags that continue on throughout the entire story. So where Zestiria was about a group of very innocent and pious people going on a typical good Vs. evil trope, Berseria breaks the mold as you essentially play as ""the bad guys"". And I put this in air-quotes because throughout the game - for myself at least - you're left wondering, AM I really the good guys? Or am I actually the bad guys? Definitely interesting to say the least. The group of characters you play as is more of a travelling circus rather than a typical Tales group of heroes.The story itself is bloody amazing. Pure fun and enjoyment the whole way through. I never got bored of listening to the Skits, or traversing the land. Sometimes the story had me laughing, and sometimes it brought me close to tears. It was truly moving. I actually could feel some of the character's pain. Every single bit of the main story, and side stories gets wrapped up. You need to do a little sleuthing to find it all but no question is left unanswered. Also, the way this story ties into Zestiria is simply amazing. They leave no little bit of fanservice out. You'll see characters from Zestiria, landmarks, references. Not to mention there is a boatload of references to the other Tales games in Berseria as well (wish I had played them all now). This game got me obsessed with the Tales series. Simply obsessed. I would have dreams about the game. I'm still sitting here as I write this hoping they will release all the old Tales games remastered and available for PC. Just reushing through the story and staying a decent level to deal with the last boss you could easily get 50 hours out of this game. I got about 72 hours exploring and finding things to my hearts content.The battle system is great. Still very Tales-like in the sense that it's a real-time battle circle. But just like Zestiria, the battle field becomes wherever you encounter an enemy. I once had a tree in the middle of my battle arena! The game also keeps unlocking new features as you explore. There is always something new to learn and explore even as much as 70% into the game. I was never really bored with this game, I just wnated to keep playing it more and more.So all-in-all this game is amazing. The landscapes are beautiful. Towns are mesmerizing. The NPCs comments are funny. The characters are interesting and relatable. There are very few problems with the game that I noticed. Around the end I found several spelling errors in the chat log. There was a tiny bit of framerate drop in areas with lots of enemies or NPCs. But overall these are small things you can overlook. I would easily give this game a perfect score. 10/10. I am even considering playing a new game plus and doing it all over again. If you love the Tales series, or even just want a great game, this is the game for you. I'd suggest getting Zestiria too, and playing that first just so you get the whole experience. Or maybe play them in reverse order and see how that works out."
76561198122315408,Recommended,429660,34436664,Posted: 23 August,all,KingCrazy,amazing game
,Recommended,429660,33201597,Posted: 3 July,all,Litler,"I haven't even played through half of the game yet, I'm on 13 hours of gameplay so far yet I've already fallen in love with this game.As an avid tales fan, I expected this to be like any other tales game. It wasn't.The combat in this game is something I disliked at first, but found myself slowly enjoying it. Unlike Zestiria it's combat system is based on combinations of different buttons pressed instead of using the joystick+ square button.There is a very large variety of artes (skills) that can be chosen from, and the great thing about them is... none of them go obsolete. You can stick with the moveset you have at the start of the game and it would still be able to carry you through, though you'd want different moves with different elements to target enemy weakness'. Combat is not a focal point of this game though- which brings me to my next point, something I felt could've been done better.The game's soundtrack is lackluster. Though individually the ost is still an amazing piece of work, but it was one-upped by Zestiria which came before it. The soundtrack didn't have any epics that would make you feel extremely compelled to by the soundtrack, it more serves are background ambience during fights to not bore you. It's there, it serves it's purpose but it's just not THAT good where it deserves Zestiria praise.Last and certainly the most prominent, the story.(due to spoilers I'll try to keep this as vague but most informative as possible)The story in this game is amazing. It made me feel heart-aches during the tutorial with it's quick twists, honestly from other tales games you would expect there to be a buildup from before everything went to hell- not in this one. The character's are all very well fleshed out, they have goals and motivations (all lovely people) with some cheesy dialogue to chuck in every now and then (but it's not too cheesy where it's unnatural) The story is blatantly darker than a majority of other tales games, but it's still able to keep a good sense of humor every now and then to lighten the mood."
76561198396720826,Recommended,429660,34443583,Posted: 23 August,all,上寺院美纪,"In the game , the feeling of excitement , happiness and ... also the sad feeling after the character has die .All of these would not let you feel boring ( a little is not avoided ) . From my personal view , if you become interested in the game at the first time , you won't give up easily in the middle way and hold on the idea-keeping going.In addition , the way of playing  is created ,i love it very much !"
76561198067289916,Recommended,429660,30669262,Posted: 22 March,all,kajacx,"I absolutely loved this game! Let me break it for you into relevant categories:The combat:The combat is quite spammy, and while you can dodge and guard, all your attacks will lock you into the animation, so you might as well not bother. However I enjoyed the combat very much, expect when I got stunlocked and killed (RNG will screw you over from time to time) but that doesn't happen too often.The story:The story is linear with very few side quests (about 5-10), but the main story is good enough to keep you interesed in playing the game, and progresses and a good phase.Other:Very good feature is that you can pause any cutscene/dialog at any time. Other nice thing is that you can save your game at any time."
,Recommended,429660,29643312,Posted: 1 February,all,白い キツネ,"if you're a fan of tales series , you will absolutely love this masterpiece.bandai namco did a great job10/10"
76561198361606995,Recommended,429660,35011257,Posted: 16 September,all,Damobeck,"For any who are turned off by Japanese culture and anime, like myself.This game is wonderfully Japanese in a way that isn't too weird. Yes, characters freak out for no reason, don't tell the thing they should to the people they should and are angsty as ♥♥♥♥, but it also is a story about vengence. It begins with vengence and only vengence for all there is to life is vegence. From there it organically flows to a much bigger picture while still remaining centered on vengence.So rejoice my anime-hating friends, an anime game that isn't too terribly animeish. All you really need to get though are characters calling out their attacks, repeatedly.""FORM 3!"" ""FORM 2!"" ""FORM 4!"""
,Recommended,429660,33981820,Posted: 2 August,all,Shecorp,"I love the fact that the Tales developers dare you to hate their game with every moment of cringey dialogue, terrible voiceacting, forced exposition, mediocre foreshadowing and animation. This game slaps you in the face multiple times before it allows entry, and then you get to the fighting system. I just fought my first prickleboar. I don't even know how to block yet, and I now understand why men like dominatrixes."
,Recommended,429660,29623577,Posted: 1 February,all,arsene,"What I like:- Interesting cast. Every single one has a solid backstory, and ones that didn't have enough personality for me to enjoy looking at.- Smoothest and most interesting battle yet. It's simple, but satisfying and demands just enough strategy to keep you from mindlessly mash your face buttons.- Graphics. I find some people are saying this game's graphic sucks, but I actually like it's art style and I think it's detailed enough to accompany your journey.- Story. Complemented nicely by the cast's background.- Equipment system. Some say it's complicated, but after Zestiria's chaotic mess, I find this simpler and actually more believable than previous entries.- Additional mechanics like Expedition are quick and clean, albeit a bit randomized. But I find it much more tolerable than Xillia 2's Cat Hunt or something.What I don't like, and for good reason:- The game as of the time I wrote this review is no longer playable. It simply crashes on startup. I've tried every fix (Kaldaien's, unplugging physical controller during DLC check) and while it works 50% of the time, 50% of the time I get to not play at all unless I restart my computer. This might change later, but for now, beware.- AI. There is a workaround, but honestly stuff like this should not need a workaround in the first place.- Vast world, slow movement. Based on the demo, there should be a game mechanic that helps me traverse faster later on.Summarized:I've preordered this and, despite some claiming that they've returned the game simply because of the bug, I wouldn't. I enjoyed it when it was playable, and am sure that devs will fix this in time. Still, to be fair, if you don't own this game and are planning to buy it, I advise you to wait until the bug squashing are done."
76561197992668925,Recommended,429660,31218861,Posted: 18 April,all,DOOD,"If you've played Tales gamesYou  already know what you're getting into, and you also know if you're going to like it or not. So, if you enjoy these, i recommend Berseria as well. It's a good entry to the franchise, despite some of the gameplay aspect being streamlined, or ""dumbed down"" a little bit to make the game more accessible to new players. Better character cast and storyline makes up for them pretty well.If you've not played Tales gamesYou might be looking at this, and thinking to yourself ""what the hell is this game"". Tales games are almost a genre in themselves at this point, every game follows a certain formula (with some changes every time) that some of the people will enjoy, and some other will not. I'l ltry to explain what you're getting yourself into:As every main Tales game, Berseria is a JRPG focused almost entirely on the gameplay, with the highlight always being the insanely fun combat system (which is the major reason people enjoy the series). Looking at the screenshots you might see a lot of exposition and cutscenes but don't be fooled, what you'll be doing for the majority of the game is dungeon crawling, with light puzzle elements, and beating the crap out of A LOT of various monsters. Anything that happens outside of it is there only to be a breather to the player, and an excuse for your characters to keep doing what they're doing. In the case of Berseria we actually got a pretty flavorful cast of (mostly) interesting characters, with a story that, while being a standard revenge plot, is surprisingly competent compared to what we usually get. But don't go in expecting an overworld straight out of Witcher 3, this game is played for it's gameplay. You won't find fancy storyline, great dialogues or complicated characters, it's all there to be a distraction. And this is actually a part of what we sign up for as the fans of the franchise, without all the silly dialogue, over the top moments, corny one liners, the game would just not be the same, it just wouldn't work if the game took itself seriously all the time.Enough about story and characters, let's talk about the meat of all Tales games, COMBAT. This time around we got introduced to a streamlined, four button combo system (fully customizable) which will make skill managment and making perfect combos much easier for begginers. Essentialy your character can chain up to 4 moves into a combo (this number changes depending on various factors) , and each one of the four buttons represents a different skill that will be executed during a part of that combo. That gives you 16 skills you can put on those buttons, in whatever order you like, you can even change your setup mid-fight if you want, neat huh? Well, that's just the tip of the iceberg. Each of the skills can be put into 3 categories, which changes what stat it uses for scaling. Eeach one of them has different elemental and monster properties, making it effective against different kind of enemies, which is essential knowledge if you want to be effective. Each skill places the character and the enemy in a different position, making some other skills better suited to follow certain combos. Skills have different costs, which must be considered so your character doesn't run out of fuel mid-combo and get destroyed by the enemy follow up. There are special burst skills that will let you do a powerful move, that will allow to chain combos together into ridiculous lenghts if used correctly. Skills have status aliments, that will help you extend your combos when applied to the enemy. Guarding changes your attack properties, dodging at a perfect time will give you opportunity to extend your combos. There are six playable characters (4 max in a party), each one of them has different and expansive moveset, and special abilities that make their playstyle different...There is way too many things about the combat system to explain on paper. If you think that's WAY too complicated, don't leave yet!The most beautiful thingabout all this is that the combat is only as complicated as you want it. If you look at all this and thin kto yourself ""this is way too much, I don't get half of this, I just want to kick♥♥♥♥♥"" as you wish, just set the difficulty to normal or casual, and kick the crap out of the monsters using your favourite characters and skills. But if you enjoy a challenge, want test your mettle and master every aspect of the advanced combat system of a Tales game, you can crank the difficulty up, and make the most optimal combos, character builds, and combinations you can! The game provides good tutorials that explain the game mechanics very well, and it paces those tutorials so you don't get too overwhelmed by the knowledge.Aside from the comabt, you got the typical gameplay elements of a JRPG, things like: equimpent upgrading, minigames, and such. Nothing to write home about, but good additions nonetheless.At this point you probably already know if you want to play Berseria or not, so I'll leave the rest for Your judgement. Have fun!"
76561198104988978,Recommended,429660,30513126,Posted: 14 March,all,PHO3N1X,The best tales of game since symphonia
,Recommended,429660,30500353,Posted: 13 March,all,Cumaru,"after playing this game,now i know why birds fly10/10"
76561198147871486,Recommended,429660,31592138,Posted: 6 May,all,Alvinklauer,Boob physics/10Also ending made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,429660,29644361,Posted: 2 February,all,Flare コロナ,"It's a diamond of ""Tales of"" series."
76561198395142625,Recommended,429660,32663124,Posted: 22 June,all,Fuck yeah anime,Loved every second of it even tho i didn't have a controller.
76561198116083694,Recommended,429660,29617571,Posted: 31 January,all,春日咲子,"Been playing it on the PS4.  If you're a fan of the Tales series, I'd highly recommend this one.  The story is pretty great so far."
76561198007847377,Recommended,429660,30354711,Posted: 6 March,all,Doom,"Tired. I suppose picking a huge title right after 50 hours in Atelier sophie was not the best idea.Anyway, Review:This is a decent game, worth buying at full price. It is a better game than Tales of Zestiria, and is greatly improved compared to previous title in many aspects. Here are some things you might want to know (good and bad)The story is a huge improvement compared to previous title, even though it is not earth-shattering. It is not exactly stellar, but it is massive improvement compared to zesteria's ""Shepherd"" story, which was downright silly at times.The main appeal of the series are characters, which seem to be more interesting than the the ones from Zestiria.This time around developers went overboard with amount of skits (banter between party members shown visual-novel style). I think there is at least 4 times more skits compared to zestiria, and characters were pretty much chatting to each other non-stop, to the point where it reminded a visual novel. This may be good or bad, depending on your tastes.The story feels more linear than Zestiria, frequently there's location where you need to go, and you can't really run get sidetracked. It is not too bad, but it feels different compared to zestiria.The game feels significantly longer, although after checking my playtime, I realized that Berseria only took 6 hours longer to finish it.The story occasionally starts throwing dramatic, horrible things at main character, it doesn't ever go overboard, but on occasion it feels a bit silly. There were two or three pointlessly melodramatic moments.There's a lot of sidetracking. Expect to revisit pretty much every location twice, especially if you are chasing sidequest/subquests. There are a LOT of locations.There are optional openable pink chests, which can be opened with number of certain glowing orbs you collect. The number of chests and required orbs is large to the point of being exhausting, even though those are optional, this can be annoying, especially if your inner hamster is strong.There's at least one very annoying dungeon. Nothing as horrible as water temple in the first game, but close.Combat system is still a mess. It is better than zestiria's, but .... well, I know the system has its fans, but it feels unfinished, rough around the edges, and mechanics are very poorly presented. Actually, I'll elaborate.Basically, there's supposed to be depth, however, I finished all fights in the game except ONE using only two buttons - A (""your choice"") periodically alternated with a right trigger without ever configuring magic/artes/techniques. That's because main heroine on normal difficulty can steamroll anything with it, including final boss. The only fight where I had to think was a secret boss, which took 30 minutes to figure which ability can be spammed to kill it.There were two maps where it was possible to get pushed into a corner (which definitely looked like it is supposed to be unreachabale), with camera looking down the floor, meaning you woldnt' have any idea what is going on. Extremely annoying.Characters have very LARGE array of abilities and special mvoes, and keep gaining those as they level up, however there's no information about those abilities in menu where you map those in a button. There are more abilities than buttons on controller, by the way. Way of Samurai at least let you preview your secret moves, here you have no idea what kind of move a character will make when you press a button.This leads to annoying situations when your selected ability attacks a ground target, except that some party member kicks your target up in the air juuust before your attack connected. This is annoying, even though not as annoying as it was in zestiria where a plenty of enemies were running away from attack range just before hits connected.Enemies can turn 180 degrees in one frame when they throw a special attacks. Kills believebility of the fight completely. You try circle aroudn something big only to have it flip direction in one frame and launch attack directly at you. This one was really getting on my nerves closer to the end, especially because when those enemies throw melee attacks, they have slow turning animations. I honestly don't understand why this went unnoticed.Super special attacks can interrupt combo chains.Also, targeting system doesn't make much sense. Basically, during combat your character selects one target, and will follow that target to the end of the wo... I mean to the edge of the battlefield, only directing attacks at this particular enemy, unless you switch the target. Given that you need to get close to land a hit with a melee character, this gets really annoying when fighting crowds, and it feels like the game would've been much more fun if you could just automatically target closest enemy when you want itOverall, the combat system feels very strange and messy, even after many hours fo gameplay. Now, I rememebr a much more weird combat system in Star Ocean 3, Berseria combat isn't as bad as the one in star ocean, but it is close.Overland movement feels a bit stiff. Basically the game feels like it should've had a ""jump"" button, instead even tiniest bump int the terrain often is treated as an invisible wall.No fast travel like in zestiria. There are consummable items which you can use to teleport between certain locations, and item that lets you return to the beginning of the dungeon, but that's it. Said consummable items, as far as I know, can be only earned by completing minigames.I experienced a massive fps drop in the cities with VSync enabled.Said fps drop slowed the game down.With VSync disabled, I experienced massive screen tearing. I decided that screen tearing is better than low fps and slowed movement, and played the game with VSync off.I had one crash in the 50+ hours of gameplay - in the final dungeon. The game occasionally crashes after you close it, but since ""closing crashes"" don't affect gameplay, there's no point in worrying about them.Oh, and controller is definitely recommended. Can't imagine playing this with mouse.So, there's that. Decent game, worth full price, but not ""the ultra masterpiece"". Perhaps I don't fully get appeal of ""Tales"" series. Or something."
,Recommended,429660,30012005,Posted: 18 February,all,jibs,"Improvements, improvements, improvements. But still bittersweet like the last one."
,Recommended,429660,29514400,Posted: 26 January,all,Nova,"Amazing, Love everything about it.Dont know what these weebs are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about, denuvo DRM works fine for me.as for the censored scene everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about, it still was a very very powerful scene and did not detract at all.recommend this if you are a fan of Tales, its great with a few good laughs too.So far Im so engaged I havent been able to put it down."
,Recommended,429660,29523302,Posted: 27 January,all,Melforce,"easily the best tales game after vesperia.. kudos to bamco for bringing this game to pc.. hope vesperia, grace, xillia 1/2 come to pc also.. insta buy for me.."
,Recommended,429660,29937638,Posted: 15 February,all,Dysoth,.
,Recommended,429660,29716654,Posted: 5 February,all,-BloOm-,This is what finaly fantsy 15 should have been.
,Recommended,429660,29870666,Posted: 12 February,all,>GrandblueVengeance<,"As I'm not really a Tales fan (since I don't play any Tales game), Tales of Berseria is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,429660,29531300,Posted: 27 January,all,Potato,"Very nice surprise compared to the previous release, Zesteria.I have been playing Berseria in co-op mode and the camera is actually decent for multiplayer this time and there is no mechanic that favors solo play (looking at you xillia/zesteria).  The tales of games have always been a game where I have played with someone else, so I am very pleased with that aspect.I only really wanted to comment on the co-op but I've been enjoying the game both story and gameplay."
,Recommended,429660,29548160,Posted: 28 January,all,Beethoven,Fantastic story so far.
76561198060749169,Recommended,429660,29626485,Posted: 1 February,all,DosDeosos,The next level of masterpiece.
,Recommended,429660,29983037,Posted: 17 February,all,Dr Infy,"Best game in the series.Grinding for item skills got kinda tedious towards the end, some of the side voice actors in English didn't sound all that great and the main character was completely overpowered. Other than that I really think of anything to complain about. Love the story and personality of the characters. Combat is fun and all the characters play differently while being effective.It's kinda annoying that some camera angles and cutscenes are kinda ridiculous, but I can understand the desire to keep the age rating below 18.Update:I played the game with a gamepad and the camera controls with mouse / keyboard are quite terrible."
,Recommended,429660,29993167,Posted: 17 February,all,Casey,Definitely one of the best Tales games I've ever played !
76561198089576311,Recommended,429660,30439328,Posted: 10 March,all,Zephro,worth the pick up probly one of the best tales games for sure velvet is just an amazing character
,Recommended,429660,29514375,Posted: 26 January,all,FortyIX,"This game is impressively good for me compare to the previous one game in tale series (Though that one was still good)In my first 5 hours of playing,i was really satisfied with the smooth controlling of combat. And the game looks great within the ultra graphic setting.I really like the opening music. I think I would probably purchase the soundtrack as well.If you have already played Ys series and Final fantasy series but you are still looking for new JRPG game. I would highly recommend you to Just go for this.The only cons is that quiet lots of unique japanese language usage can not really be translated into english. So I'd say you will get even better game experience if you understand japanese or chinese"
,Recommended,429660,29631552,Posted: 1 February,all,Ios,Best RPG I have played in years.  Story is very well done and draws you in quickly.  Voice overs are good and combat is actually fun which is usually the worst part of many RPGs.  I like building the Artes and collecting outfits and items and the dark storyline is definately a plus.  Hope the rest of the game is as good as the beginning has been.
,Recommended,429660,29552858,Posted: 28 January,all,jonlawsmg,about 10-15 minutes in and I can tell they fixed a lot of the mistakes they made with Tales of Zestiria. Combat and camera mostly are much more fluid and seems more fun.
,Recommended,429660,29546953,Posted: 28 January,all,KhALiDR,"THIS GAME IS EPIClet's talk about few stuff it's maybe long review so have tea and read1-GamePlay:As Tales Of Zestiria action RPG with JRPG type but now they add few MMORPG type as enhancement  levels for all gearsthe fight still the same target with sami-auto or full auto or manual and you can change target by clicking TAB the strategy is good you can make your team help you real good if you can pick a good strategy,Now they add cooking that real feel good and you can level cooking for more good things.Last thing in gameplay gear level master if you keep the same gear or item and keep fight with you can master the skill for better status.9/10-------------------------2-Story-Side Talking:Story now kinda dark i love it what make it better is the side talk it's troll funny background story they have good follow up.10/10-------------------------3-Graphic And Fashion:Graphic is really good for anime type game but what make it better 60FPS >_> it's hard to find JRPG in PC or Steam with 60FPSFashion is really gooooooood i give the mine char a glass now she look like hot teacher xD.8/10-------------------------4-Soundtrack And Voice ActingSoundtrack in this game is EPIC with good sad happy madenss soundtrack and the opening BURN is AMAZING.English voice acting in start of the game i put japanese but next time i put english it's well done the english is amazing and i will end the game with english voice acting10/10-------------------------5-Story/game Long time play:I can't say yet after playing 8 hour i feel im still in the 20% of the story.This type of game you keep saying hope it's never endwill update this after ending the game?/10in the end9.5/10buy this game now and have fun :)"
76561198156217008,Recommended,429660,29549917,Posted: 28 January,all,{KukiSuki} Rustifarian =^.^=,"Only played it for 2 hours so far and already I can say I like it far better than Zestiria. Dialogue is leagues better, combat is less messy, and less confusing. I can already reccomend this one."
76561198044400307,Recommended,429660,29553503,Posted: 28 January,all,whe,better than zesteria and a well done port. only problem is the AI bug which makes your party members unable to be of any decent help but that'll be fixed in the future hopefully
76561198362427108,Recommended,429660,29554985,Posted: 28 January,all,wylinxiong,"Not going to win any awards here. Pretty standard affair for a Tales game, even the graphics and some enemy models from Zesteria are used. I guess that's a knock against the developers for being lazy. Gameplay itself is much more linear than Zesteria. Similar to FFXIII at least for the first 5 hours so far, except with actual towns dispersed about between each new area/dungeon. Battles can be won through button mashing (even on ""Hard"") and wish there was a bit more customization for how your party's AI behaved. If you take time to master the combat, you CAN pull off some pretty impressive looking evade, counter, demolish moments.Long review short. Fun enough to drop a few hours every day into."
76561198050865854,Recommended,429660,29556700,Posted: 28 January,all,Zeme,"Great game, no complaints at all. do yourself a favor and play this game!"
76561198057076887,Recommended,429660,29566765,Posted: 29 January,all,Denro,"Solid ""Tales of""-Game, better than Zestiria (but thats not even an accomplishment in my opinion), probably one of the best in a while. Every Tales-Fan should buy it, everyone else should give it a try too. It is necessary to support the PC-Port, so that we will get more ""Tales of""-Games on PC. It also probably has my favorite soundtracks of all the Tales-Games."
,Recommended,429660,30332485,Posted: 5 March,all,selo,Great!
76561198028102328,Recommended,429660,30620265,Posted: 19 March,all,movie_buff36,one of the best recent JRPGs out there..
,Recommended,429660,29513048,Posted: 26 January,all,ckryan,"Hmmm. I did not care for Tales of Zestiria so much, at least not compared to the comparatively excellent Tales of Xillia 1 and 2. Its combat and item attribute grid were goofy, and the lack of native 60fps was a definite disadvantage in an action-oriented RPG. Fortunately, most of the wrinkles were worked around by a dedicated community of fans, making mods to rectify technical shortcomings.Whether any kind of modding will work with Berseria is questionable, depending on how the Denuvo copy protection is implemented. I'm not so disturbed by Denuvo otherwise, but I'd hoped the censored scenes would be reverted to the orginals for the PC release by someone just so the game would make more sense at times.In retrospect, I probably should have picked up the PS4 version since there isn't much advantage to the PC version, unlike Zestiria, which made the choice clear in favor of the PC (mostly thanks to said modders). If you have a PS4 as well, you may want to consider getting the console version, since it might be a better fit. I have a PS4 Pro, but am not certain if it is enhanced for the Pro. Considering you don't need much of a rig to run Beseria in 4K/60f on the PC, that might play a bigger role if you have a non-Pro PS4. Again, I'm not certain what, if any, mods will be available for the PC version in the future, but correct multi-channel sound and higher frame rate work arounds were key in my enjoyment of Tales of Zestiria, and those both work out of the box in ToB.Otherwise, I think Berseria is probably a better game than Zestiria, but I haven't reached the point in which the game opens up. Being a Tales game, it could go either way, but if you're a fan you'll get it anyway. If you have other games in the hopper, maybe wait a while before purchasing and see what shakes out. Provisionally, I kinda dig it, and I'm glad these games are being brought to Steam, which probably has more to do with my decision to buy the PC version over the console version than anything else, and unlike others I could name, Tales of Berseria at least shipped for the PC more or less at the same time as the console version, and that's a good sign."
,Recommended,429660,29773272,Posted: 7 February,all,☢ UMU ☢,Obviously better than Zestiria
,Recommended,429660,35226204,Posted: 26 September,all,Memelord,I nearly cut myself on all of this edge
,Recommended,429660,30518954,Posted: 14 March,all,Freelancer,"Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2017/03/14/review-tales-of-berseria/Overall Berseria is one of the best games in the series and a fine return to form. The story, characters, voice acting and gameplay are all top notch and the game is up there with my favorite, Vesperia. There are a bit quirks with soundtrack, sound effects and the story can be difficult to follow for some however this was an excellent game and an absolute must for those that like story rich games. As for the value of the game, this game took me almost 60 hours to finish and there are countless extra missions after that can add hundreds of hours to the game, easily well worth the $60 price tag."
,Recommended,429660,30064156,Posted: 20 February,all,a.h.alfarsi,"Ok... I finished this game. It's very awesome and I highly recommend it. It's related somehow to ""Zestiria"". The story happened before ""Zestiria"". It's very unique, engaging and emotional. I used to be the hero who must save the world, but this time, I'M THE LORD OF CALAMITY HIMSELF!!!!.One of the best games I've played. I coundn't leave my PC. If you didn't play ""Tales of Zestiria"" yet, you must play this game first.I will give it 10/10."
76561198057383235,Recommended,429660,29576510,Posted: 29 January,all,dundhey,This game made me luv jrpg again!! 10/10
76561197979374830,Recommended,429660,29893405,Posted: 12 February,all,Kater,Act. Like. A. Dove.10/10
,Recommended,429660,32969348,Posted: 28 June,all,Deece,Amazing game everything about it is great!
,Recommended,429660,29531741,Posted: 27 January,all,SoraTheSteve12344,"Awesome already, also much better than Zesteria, best Tales game in years."
76561198005678414,Recommended,429660,29531014,Posted: 27 January,all,neogrunt123,"Story:As far as typical 'cheesy' JRPG storyline goes, this one has one of the better plot lines.  It's not amazing, but interesting to the point that you want to keep playing to see what will happen to main character.  The fact that main char is a teen-age girl hell-bent on revenge is interesting enough. :)Combat:i've been playing real-time combat system of JRPG (FF, star ocean, rogue galaxy, ... etc).  This one has fun & engaging combat system.  Again, nothing revolutionary, but it gets the job done, and rather well.  If you like real-time combat of JRPG, you will definitely like this.Graphics:kinda a little surprised.  i expected half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥toon-style/subpar graphics.  well, it's anime-style alright, but it's got more stylish anime graphics than other similary JRPG anime graphics.  might be because of pc version ... not sure.  Overall, i like the style of anime graphics hereif you are JRPG fan/gamer, then i def'n recommend this game.  if you are more used to western RPG, then you might want to reconsider since this is a whole different type of RPG."
,Recommended,429660,29522768,Posted: 27 January,all,Dotsforlife,"Pretty solid JRPG. Especially given the previous Tales of ports released on PC prior to this. Would highly recommend at this point.Notes:There is a DEMO you can try before you buy.Few bugs and the existing ones have mostly been made aware to the devs already.Runs smoothly at 60 fps. No hitches or anything.Combat is fluid and responsive. Would recommend a controller over a KB/mouse for this type of game (and I usually prefer the KB/mouse most of the time).Has split screen/co-op for combat (only combat).Music/sound is WONDERFUL. Thank you Bandai for keeping the original Japanese opening theme as well.Story is great and a refreshing change with the darker nature.Characters are likable and so far seem to be developing well.Difficulty can be a bit too easy for those of you who are veterans to this series or genre in general, but you can unlock harder difficulties (and I would recommend doing so if you love a challenge).~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~For anyone new to this series and wondering about buying the game, you DO NOT have to play the other titles to know what's going on or to follow the story. Much like Final Fantasy titles, these are basically standalone but will sometimes make subtle references to other titles in the series. Nothing that would diminish the game in any way though.All in all it was worth the wait and worth the money."
,Recommended,429660,29585722,Posted: 30 January,all,Reno,"Instantly fell in love with this title. The protagonist replaced Lightning from Final Fantasy for me, as one of my favorite video game characters. The graphics really give it a comfortable, classic RPG feel, with amazing graphics. I love the way the Dialogue was designed, offering manga like 2D shorts for some interactions, the nifty menus and interface is smooth and I have little trouble navigating them or playing the game in general. Occasional frame right drops, which has become a bother only as I got to the first major city area."
,Recommended,429660,29522844,Posted: 27 January,all,mAmArC,"Hey! Can you see that ""Add to Cart"" button? JUST DO IT!"
,Recommended,429660,29511671,Posted: 26 January,all,OhShadow,"Great Game, Love the new mechanics and think that so far this game is far better then the past few tales games that have came out. Looking forward to playing more."
76561198085103443,Recommended,429660,29531114,Posted: 27 January,all,AbyssalJuggernaut,"Heard about this game 3 weeks before it's release, downloaded the demo and I kinda enjoyed it. I was kinda worried about the graphics cuz it looked so plain in the demo but the actual game surprised be because of how more detail the environment and characters have. The gameplay is pretty good. The way the characters execute their skills is pretty amazing as well. The storyline is so freaking good and it's linear, nothing too hard to understand because it started out when Velvet(the main character) was young and the events just continue to progress from that point. I've never played the other Tales games but I must say Berseria is pretty good. 9/10"
,Recommended,429660,29533710,Posted: 27 January,all,kokomopo,It's Tales SeriesSoStory - is very nice and have lot of fun cutsceneMusic/Audio - i love itCombat -  enjoy with controllerbut ... when it said Dangerous it really Dangerous So run or dies or run and die ...
,Recommended,429660,29528503,Posted: 27 January,all,PAC TEEDUS X,"Bamco rebooted the Shadow The Hedgehog franchise in the best way possible: they gave him boobs, extra anger and actually fun gameplay with a surprisingly interesting story. Map design is kinda bad but that's about the only notable flaw I found so far"
,Recommended,429660,29512677,Posted: 26 January,all,Hackvize,"Pretty nice if i must say, even my potato laptop can run it on 60fpsPros :Solid PC port (thx Bamco)Cons :I dunno (will be updated, im too busy to play this game right now :D )"
,Recommended,429660,29516726,Posted: 27 January,all,MR.BONES,"Just played co-op with 2 friends that have never played games like this before, for 7 hours.I'm dont want to stop but it's 3 am.Send help                                              AND PORT TALES OF VESPERIACombat is alot more in depth than Vesperia (skipped Zesteria because I couldnt stand the controls)Normal difficulty is a little too easy for us, we went to moderate, game actually requires using all of the mechanics given to you to handle anything above a normal encounter (Large group encounter, rare enemies, bosses ect) I thought I was going to hate half of the characters in the game based off the demo, turns out they're all enjoyable in their own way. Cosmetics are hilarious, hidden throughout the game. We've ruined all of the characters by making their looks completely not fit their personality. ""Reaper"" with blush and a rose on his shirt with his hair slicked bad. Absolutely hilarious.But for example about the characters being enjoyable. The little kid was kind of annoying to me in the demo, but he's actually pretty funny and the way he develops over time makes you kind of understand why he's the way he is. Wizard character is insanely annoying imo when you first meet her, but you dont have to deal with her often, and then she starts pulling some pretty funny stunts. Also there's a lizard man pirate, which is pretty cool.Story has been pretty solid so far, havent listened to alot of the side skits (because we're playing with 3 people) and havent gotten all that far (because moderate is challenging and fights take longer now that we're on it) so I cant really say too much about it. I always love tales games stories though. They're usually really long with multiple arcs, to my knowledge. So I'm expecting it to be good as it progresses.Ai teammates have been solid so far. You can set up their behavior somewhat, and they seem to play pretty well as a supportive role mostly. One character who I thought was going to just stomp everyone until he died, ended out actually falling back to heal us when we were starting to fall low. I think it's a nice touch.I really wish these games had online multiplayer because the multiplayer experience in this game was alot better than all of the enjoyment I had from my 4 playthroughs of Vesperia combined lol."
76561198037957384,Recommended,429660,29518350,Posted: 27 January,all,Khalor,"So far this game is up there with Symphonia, Vesperia and the Abyss. A very unique story with great combat."
,Recommended,429660,29877342,Posted: 12 February,all,Detective 0rdi,"Ahhh, console video games (or vidcons as I call them), the ultimate medium of expression, able to convey any emotion from hatred to love, loyalty to fear, all in front of your eyes. Ah, and with lovingly crafted art, music, and the ability to control the action, vidcons are the ultimate combination of the high arts. While I tend to play the stoic, I will be the first to admit that vidcons have driven me to cry, to scream and shout, to feel actual hate; such is the power of this force beyond our wildest reckoning. And here I am, before you, to tempt your tongues with the taint of such a tantalizing topic. And the Japanese, the true geniuses behind the world of video games. Pah, I throw my scorn upon such incompetents of the West who would mock the true art of the Japanese with ""games"" such as Baldur's Gate and Madden. Perhaps the West is not as intelligent as the East, but this is a matter for another day. Japan has given us such masterpieces as the Final Fantasy series, Star Ocean, Wild Arms, and of course, Arc the Lad. Yes, some of the finest vidcons in the world were created by the Japanese. I come to you today to ask you in all earnesty, what is your favorite vidcon? I will reveal mine after the grand debate has illustriously begun, but not before the first poster falls victim to my plot of discussion."
,Recommended,429660,29545516,Posted: 28 January,all,Bootydoo,"Full price is always worth it for Tales games. They are long and enjoyable.Tales games, in my opinion, have been the best series of RPG's that have been coming out since 1995. Each game has an independent story line and a new tale to tell. I have obviously been a fan for years, and Bersia takes the cake. The game is an action RPG so yes, you fight in real time and ""real time"" does not mean standing there and selecting a move. You combo, control your character while AI controls the rest of your party. You can switch between them as you like if you need something different as the characters all have different styles and move sets.Bersia's combat system is the best I have seen in any tales game, and honestly I would recommend it just for that. However, the story and character development is astounding. This game starts off strong and continues to engage you with a fierce storyline that compells you to keep going. It sets a new standard for the genre. If you like RPGS, get this. If you don't, this game will make you love them."
76561198148185388,Recommended,429660,29532624,Posted: 27 January,all,ponaloc,"Few hours in and already love it, definitely better than Zesteria.Good PC port, no problems so far.Edit: Just finished the game. I love everything in this game: the story, soundtracks, gameplay, art style... Worth the time and money."
,Recommended,429660,29535415,Posted: 27 January,all,PermaVirgin,"Velvet's a real cutie.No marxist agenda involved, just naturally developed characters."
76561198174747730,Recommended,429660,29537272,Posted: 28 January,all,Basil_the_Brush,Wow what a breath of fresh air!!!
,Recommended,429660,29517692,Posted: 27 January,all,ℜitz,"5 hours in, and kind of sad I have to call it for the night.  Its fun, and addictive with a fantastically dark anime story. The combat system has depth with parry and the like, but even on hard mode I've been winging it and succeeding in every fight(basically button mashing because it works).  That said its still enjoyable action RPG level stuff, and has a better feel to games of tales past."
,Recommended,429660,29514370,Posted: 26 January,all,MasterQueeferino,Great so far! Keep these JRPGs coming! I also saw today that Ni No Kuni 2 was coming to PC as well OMGGGGG now I don't mind having gotten rid of my ps4 a couple years back! (cause I knew PC was coming back)
,Recommended,429660,29529996,Posted: 27 January,all,Lozzle,Magilou best girl
76561198157932101,Recommended,429660,29523303,Posted: 27 January,all,Raison D'etre,"This Berseria is far better than previous tale games. Everything is well polished and the game is solid.I don't care Denuvo DRM or Denuvo using Kaio-ken Skill 10x or 20x, BAMCO, please bring all your nice Tales games to PC and take my money."
76561198091626323,Recommended,429660,32839955,Posted: 26 June,all,turkeyroastbig,Magilou is a gift from heaven.
76561198025009994,Recommended,429660,29514688,Posted: 26 January,all,stever98,"Berseria is about what you always wanted the heroes to do to get out of a situation easily. Who cares about valiantly introducing yourself before a duel? Just attack! Need to get some fools off your trail? Let some worthless people become fodder for your assailants' blades. Velvet, the protagonist, will use any tool at her disposal.Battles are fierce and have an interesting ebb-and-flow. You expend and extract souls from your enemies, allowing you to extend your combo lengths. Anybody who appreciates brawler and fighting games will feel at home, even if you don't normally play RPGs. While it's not quite as fighter-style as Zestiria's combat, it's still engaging and requires you to pay attention. Playing on Hard from the get-go felt natural and enjoyable.If you didn't play the game before, Zestiria, you shouldn't be lost -- you'll miss out on some of the clever and/or harrowing realizations that come with having experienced Zestiria, but Berseria takes place a few hundred years prior. Strangely though, it does feel more like a sequel than a prequel. While chronologically this happened first, it's so connected that the pacing of the game's reveals is going to resonate more with Zestiria players than if you played them the other way around. Long story short, Zestiria showed you the most hopeful parts of this world's story. Berseria shows you its direst.One of my only complaints are that while the main characters and the villains have great voice acting, some NPCs sound idiotic. My other is that dungeons tend to be lack-luster and kinda overused. Overall, I'd recommend this to anybody who likes jRPGS -- this isn't a Tales game, it's just a good jRPG with apple gels."
76561198036549855,Recommended,429660,29514488,Posted: 26 January,all,Basaraga,"Fun game so far and a big improvement from zestiria.  Good pc port and runs at a solid 60 fps :), I would recommend playing on atleast moderate or hard as the game is a bit easy."
,Recommended,429660,29535600,Posted: 27 January,all,Overlord_Chi,"Personally, I feel like this is the best Tales game since Versperia - as an overall package. The story so far is much darker tone (kind of how I felt about Vesperia before this entry) and the characters are intriguing enough for you to legitimately care about them. Especially Velvet, which I'm sure will be a trend in most reviews that laud the game. I feel myself compelled to keep going to learn more about what's happening with each character, and see the stories unfold. Even when things get a tad cheesy - the primary focus of the story takes hold again. This was a feeling often absent in the previous entries between this and Veperia - with a clean cut happy tone. Some of the raw moments in the game, are a welcome change to the stories in the series.Berseria makes the entire tale of Vesperia look flowery in comparison in just the opening bit - and tugs at in interesting ways - departing from the series usual delivery of emotional content.If you like the Tales series, this is different in many ways. Battle starts off as simplistic, and can be managed with button mashing, but the elements of the battle system trickle in, and harder difficulties are unlocked as you achieve in game goals (which I won't divulge here). The Artes system is a bit different than you'll be used to, seeing as there are only artes and no standard attacks any longer. A demo play through can get you a feel of this - but the higher difficulty settings and special random encounters will definitely test your understanding of the battle system - and plenty of patience with more challenging enemies. This is the first time I can recall the difficulty settings in a Tales game being this adjustable/variable for gamers of different skill.But all in all, I've picked up every main title in the series since SNES, and this is up there on the list. Perfect or the best? I don't think so - but fans of the series will definitely dig it. The story is the primary driver here, and you can tell much more effort went into this one that Zestria, or even Graces/Xillia1+2Oh and I should mention, I can't believe this port works with minimal issues. PC was at long last, done sweet justice this time around, and with the multitude of graphics options/tweaks, this looks sweet on a good machine. Applause for that!Note: I've had a single crash in my time playing (at random) so continue to save frequently and using ""Surround"" sound makes voiceover vanish. Otherwise, this is a clean port deserving of praise - even if simply being a massive improvement over Zestiria's launch."
76561198028614365,Recommended,429660,29888622,Posted: 12 February,all,Bradonis,I love this game
,Recommended,429660,32929594,Posted: 28 June,all,‽‽‽,10/10
,Recommended,429660,30095891,Posted: 22 February,all,^2drlupin3,"bretty good if you have a controller to play it with. obviously don't play the english dub, but if you want to hear the worst VA of all time, switch it to english before you face Kamoana. Actually don't, because it's so bad that even after you switch it back to japanese language, you will just remember that awful voice every time you see Kamoana."
,Recommended,429660,29863872,Posted: 11 February,all,Aelin,:'(
76561197992917057,Recommended,429660,31843645,Posted: 19 May,all,neonginas,best story evermust play if you like rpgs
76561198014746664,Recommended,429660,29541035,Posted: 28 January,all,Legion 2-3 Golf,"Great JRPG arena action battle style instead of turned based. Find myself dying more than the AI, they do actually try to heal me when fighting. Story line is very very good, if your not much a fan of anime or similar titles you may not like this jrpg. Basic things that just about every jrpg has now, side minibosses, hidden treasure chests with cosmedics, upgrading items, rng on equiptment and lots of killing mobs. The boss fights are pretty fun and get pretty hard, the only time regular mobs become some what hard is when your either fighting a side mini boss, or if you take on 3+ mobs at the same time.Pretty good game,Overall recomend it to anyone that like JRPG's and Anime style game or shows."
,Recommended,429660,29542365,Posted: 28 January,all,TrowGundam,"I am thoroughly enjoying the game so far. The story has me intrigued so far, and I am looking forward to seeing it through. The combat is definitely one of the easier in the series to pick up, and has enough to keep even the more skilled engaged, especialyl at higher difficulties and against tougher enemies."
76561198000030523,Recommended,429660,29546279,Posted: 28 January,all,Calyxie,Might even be better then Zestiria.Fell in love with the characters from the start. Just amazing story and really well made characters.The world is really beautiful and the combat is smooth and quite simple to learn for new players. It's slightly better then the Zestiria combat system and it feels alot nicer aswell.I dont think that after playing Zestiria you could dislike this game. It is really a must buy.
76561198312261979,Recommended,429660,29533995,Posted: 27 January,all,Lemus,Its a good game with a dark story.Best in the series
,Recommended,429660,30274306,Posted: 2 March,all,Kami,Story 10/10Music 10/10Gameplay 10/10Characters Amazing/AmazingI only dabble in Tales of series but this one has pulled me in harder then I thought. I will be looking forward to the next one if it's even as half as good as this one.
76561198030980450,Recommended,429660,35037771,Posted: 17 September,all,Tallestdavid,grew up on this series.
,Recommended,429660,29865879,Posted: 11 February,all,Sennzai,Shotacon simulator
76561198020576811,Recommended,429660,34843796,Posted: 9 September,all,[PRN] Dargaron,great game
,Recommended,429660,34867410,Posted: 10 September,all,Vance_,Great game with a great story that I would recommend to any RPG fan.
76561197996481059,Recommended,429660,29530533,Posted: 27 January,all,RiceSaki,The storyline is what drives you to finish the game. I give it a 9/10.
76561198059882148,Recommended,429660,33009811,Posted: 29 June,all,Drakir,Enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,429660,30759552,Posted: 26 March,all,wuss poppin jim🅱o? 💯,pretty good anime
,Recommended,429660,30525412,Posted: 15 March,all,almosdd,I like this :>
,Recommended,429660,32931651,Posted: 28 June,all,Muffinpenguin,"What a better way to fight an megalomaniac striving for world domination than with a pack of cute girls. Yeah sure there's like couple guys in the mix, but we all know why we're playing this game."
76561198049229643,Recommended,429660,29522440,Posted: 27 January,all,Ayako Haibara,"Do I recommend definitely legitamate port and stable frames. Very much a positive!An issue I had however was one with the audio.Much like the zesteria release when I had it in SURROUND setting it didnt play the audio during the live cutscene.Putting in back to the normal STEREO setting pretty much fixed it though!Other than this a glaring 10/10 game, would purchase another game like this hands down!"
76561197985970667,Recommended,429660,29526986,Posted: 27 January,all,DarkJ-Freak,good game
,Recommended,429660,29527488,Posted: 27 January,all,hithisisben,10/10. Incredibly fun and addicting JRPG.
,Recommended,429660,29519354,Posted: 27 January,all,Pish,Just a little over three hours of playtime but I am already in love with the dark theme/story of this new Tales of game.The battle mechanics is a bit different but I like Berseria's more than Zestiria's.Optimization is great but there are random mini-stuttering in some parts.
76561198128424838,Recommended,429660,29520764,Posted: 27 January,all,Aurum_Strife,"Note: Review written with 6.1 HoursSo far, so goddamn good. The story is darker than any of the other Tales games, and I am really loving that.Everything is quality so far: voices, music, dialogue, visualsSome things that have changed for the better in my eyes:+Looks like there are no more Magic Lens (full info right off that bat)+I can can carry more than 20 of items (stock up on 99 ingredients for cooking)I am just hoping to find if the Wonder Chef is this game."
76561197987987630,Recommended,429660,29530877,Posted: 27 January,all,Shaun,Better than Zestiria minus the soundtrack.
,Recommended,429660,29517535,Posted: 27 January,all,KellFromHell (D/S),"This review is written at the 2hr mark. I say this because soon, it will show that I have played much more than 2hrs.Am writing a review NOW because of the steam refund policy. Those of you who love the Tales series know what you are getting into, but those who haven't played the last few installments or who have NEVER played a Tales game will want a review directed at them. So, here goes.First off, I was spoiled to certain events before playing the game. So the entire time I was playing the prologue I knew what was instore. Which gives me a bit of an advantage in deciding whether to keep this game or not. IF you want to know what's to come and what features await you, there are videos on youtube and the like. If you hate cheesy do-gooders, and base your RPG purchases around whether or not the game's protagonist is one - I can first assure you that it isn't the case with this game. However, if you want more specifics do the research as I don't want to spoil anything with this review.Graphics and Performance: You may hear people say the graphics are dated. That isn't entirely true. I think with a lot of Western RPGs and Triple A releases like FF 15 out there, people unjustly try to compare traditional or lower budgeted games.I feel like there should be a scale. Suffice it to say, this game's graphics are an upgrade, however slightly, over Tales of Zestiria. In terms of quality, this game is above most indie and JRPGs you'll find right now. That isn't say the graphics are great. Merely decent.Far as performance goes. No bugs detected yet. Clipping seems minimal. I run GTX 970 and am having no hiccups, and could easily see the older 700 series graphics cards handling this game as well. Doesn't seem very resource heavy.Gameplay: No overworld map like what one might expect. Areas are similar. However, I find the places I have seen so far charming and unique enough to remember. As any fan of RPGs might attest, you DO remember the places your characters visit - IF they have personality. And so far, they do.The battle system is what you'd expect from a Tales game. For those that don't know what that means - it's more or less a  fast paced brawler type. You set up combos, have a resource to manage, and just go nuts. Some fights require you to slow down and think. And there are various difficulty settings to play under as well that makes it more a thinking man's battle system.The dialogue is better than Zestiria's, in my opinion that is. I have already recognized some voices. Shows quality. It pairs nicely with the facial expressions. Something you don't see too much in other JRPGs - the care enough to make facial expressions feel realistic. I'd say Berseria here did it better than FF 15 or even the new Resident Evil game. Again, my opinion.Story: This game is going to have a darker tone to it. Probably the darkest tone a Tales game has ever had. Already witnessed child death in the game. Something you don't see much in games, but adds to the realism of the situation. Sadly, this version is the censored version. Japan's original release depicted events in more bloody detail. The way they have censored events however are acceptable. As in, the new version doesn't kill the moment by making it seem less severe.The game does have a female protagonist this time around. BUT before anyone thinks this is an attempt to bow down to feminists or whatever, the main character is what you'd expect from a Japanese game. She is feisty, she is dark, and she is hot. Sexualized or, with outfit changes, less so - she reminds me some of Erza from Fairy Tail. Which in my opinion is a good thing.I have detected no political agenda. Which is nice. Especially with having seen so many games trying to push one these days.Now, in the first two hours, you see things start off dire and then calm down. The hero, or anti-hero as the case may be, starts off a well-mannered, responsible young woman. By the end of the two hours, she because the bad-@ss promised. So for those that want to try this game out, as long as you don't take as long to explore as I did lol, you can see the start of everything before the lockout window for a refund. Not that I think you'll want a refund. The game has promise, and I for one am excited to get back to playing it.I will update this review once I have played more. For now, it is worth the $50 pricetag. As it is the first game in the series that truly appeals to it's adult fans. That and it seems like a very polished port."
76561198338876715,Recommended,429660,29754921,Posted: 6 February,all,Kayn,"make the game online its just so fun, i want 2 play with my friends from other countries."
76561197980241343,Recommended,429660,30780930,Posted: 27 March,all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,429660,35199491,Posted: 25 September,all,dEEV,"Starts off pretty boring. Was thinking of refunding it but stuck through it and now I'm addicted.Combat gets much better, the way you master stuff abilities from items is really cool imo"
76561198118286577,Recommended,429660,29886036,Posted: 12 February,all,honeybee,"It is simply awesome. I would reommend anyone who likes the Tales of-series to buy this game, or anyone who is interested in the series in general to try it out."
,Recommended,429660,32976504,Posted: 28 June,all,Atelier,A great port. Must buy for RPG lovers.
,Recommended,429660,30111317,Posted: 22 February,all,HonorGuardian,"Don't mind my reviews. I keep those as notes.Tales of Berseria PCPRO- Superior graphic compared to previous Tales of games- Skits were well done with behavior, emotion, and patterns- Shopping gives more details and compare equipments before you can buy. Sadly, no ""Try it out"" like ToZ.- Hard or higher difficult gave me more challenges in many ways: Get stunned for long, enemies get more Iron Stances than usCON- Often, There will be when you talk to someone else or hit some events with ! symbol above NPC.- On Day One, AI Allies did not do anything at all, even set to AGGRESSIVE or ALL OUT. They only poke then run away, over and over. PATCHED @ Feb 2, 2017- Some 3D Models were not well designed. ie: Velvet's chest looks blocky or fattier than her whole body- During battles, hitting weak points or trigger a skills often freeze. It was really annoying enough to mess up my timing because ""Freezing"" frames does not always happen every time I hit or trigger skills. More likely 50-50.- Too many skills have invisible hitbox that make unfair fight on both sides (Ally or Enemy)- Hard to trigger conversation with NPC because it requires specific area to trigger the talk. I could not start talking when stand behind a NPC- Do not trust enemy's casting area if he/she start casting on your downed ally.====================================================================================LIKE- New battle style was pretty challenge that gave me more thinkings and strategies to carry out victories as possible.DISLIKE- Transition when trigger a battle. I like ToZ's battle transition best.- Battle Gauge will be all lost when a character went down.- Movement Speed in open world was really slow in bigger maps.- AI Allies often steal Souls from meSUGGESTIONS:- Strategy should give a choice for Allies to pick Soul or leave it alone. For example, using Strategy to limit how many souls allies can pick."
,Recommended,429660,30935463,Posted: 3 April,all,Dante,Great!!!!
76561197961738318,Recommended,429660,30073398,Posted: 20 February,all,Mage,One of the better additions to the Tales of series using the PS3-era engine and currently the best available Tales of game available for the PC.A largely competent port with dual-audio and 60 FPS available by default.
,Recommended,429660,29639807,Posted: 1 February,all,Hawkthorne,take my money take it all
,Recommended,429660,29957520,Posted: 16 February,all,The Shucker,"So into this game, i fell asleep playing and made me clock in an extra 10 hours. 4/20"
76561198094398553,Recommended,429660,30143712,Posted: 24 February,all,ToMO,"Great game, took me almost 70 hours to finish it.Played it in orignal Japenesse with English subs . The voice actors did a great job.Finished it on Hard difficulty, some fights were challenging. The game requires grinding in some parts, but it all depends on difficulty or how much you want to adjust your gear. Would recommend to play it on gamepad, keyboard + mouse feels strange in some places."
,Recommended,429660,29774082,Posted: 7 February,all,Bregan,"An awesome addition to the Tales series of games, Combat is simple enough, Still not as good as (Tales of) Symphonia,Excellent characters, the Skits are, if nothing else, amusing.  Would not recommend the DLC. None of it is worth it, unless you want to get level boost and stat boost that, so far for me, is completely unnecessary.9/10 from me, I've put something like 25+ hours into this game, and I'm not sure how far along I actually am, but I'm still enjoying it."
,Recommended,429660,30103002,Posted: 22 February,all,Ketchups92,"Best Tales game since Vesperia, best JRPG I have played in a very long time, and best one out there on PC."
,Recommended,429660,29970948,Posted: 16 February,all,Die2i,Absolutely fantastic!
,Recommended,429660,30109007,Posted: 22 February,all,Niteonites,"My play time is super inflated because I left the game on to listen to its soundtrack.I really enjoyed the gameplay and story, though the darker tone did get a little overdone at times (I almost feel like ""Aaargh, we be white-washed villains"" would not have been an out of place piece of dialog).ToB was worth the money for me."
76561197981056844,Recommended,429660,29956820,Posted: 15 February,all,PyraRP,"Tales of Berseria is the best Tales of game since Tales of Vesperia.This review assumes you have some familiarity with the Tales of series.Tales of Berseria isn't perfect but it still has one of the most memorable combinations of gameplay, plot, and characters.CombatBerseria's combat is very similar to Zestiria with a few changes. Most significant is that combat now has free motion as the default vs moving on lines towards or away from your anyway. This makes fighting slightly more technical. Adding to this is slightly more customization in setting your artes. Like Zestiria, you have a tree of artes but you're able to customize it and switch between branches. It leads to a very thoughtful and fluid combat system. As always, you unlock more artes as you level up.All four face buttons now map to artes while shoulders control guarding and targetting. Since all arte buttons tie into the arte tree, this makes spell casting not as convenient as it once was. You receive an item that allows you to set artes to each face button from a guarding stance but this not being a default makes it hard to play characters with melee and magic options like Eizen from the get go. Furthermore this only provides four binds which isn't much compared to the library of spells some characters get.Gone however, is Zestiria's fusion mechanic. Instead the game gives you six unique characters. Each character has Soul Gauge in place of Zestiria's SC. It works mostly the same except that your maximum Soul Gauge increases when you stun an enemy or deal them a status effect. Conversely, it drops if you're stunned or hit with a status effect. At 3 SG or higher, a character can spend a gauge on a Break Soul. These are powerful abilities that are different for every character. Velvet's Therion Arm grants her a stat boost based on what she attacks, a finishing arte at the end of her next full combo, armor until that finishing arte, but also drains her HP until that arte. Rokurou's increases his ability to deal out stuns. Eizen has him launch a fireball that picks up and heavily damaged downed enemies.It creates an interesting push and pull of building gauge to give you longer combo ability and cashing it in for high damage potential or to avoid losing it to a stun. The one major con of this system is stuns feel random and baseless. I have no real idea when I'm going to stun something or get stunned. On normal difficulty, I had no issue dealing with higher level enemies but would get stunned frequently purely because they were higher level. This is honestly the game's biggest flaw.With that in mind, I'd recommend playing this game at Intermediate. I'm guessing it's balanced towards that.Blast Gauge also returns and is used for Mystic Artes and switching out for a benched character.GameplayBerseria clearly uses Zestiria's engine but does away with a lot of the open world feel due to the setting. You travel through the world mostly by ship so open world would have felt odd. The world feels somewhere between Xillia and Zestiria. You travel between large towns, dungeons, and fields on foot in the Zestiria perspective in areas with a bit more to them than many of Xillia's areas. There's space to explore and look around but fields are mostly linear. Towns and dungeons are however large and sprawling.Travel is generally slow and the game is in no rush to make it faster. You gain spendable items to fast travel but they're not made purchaseable for a while. You gain a runic hoverboard to speed up foot travel but not until roughly half way into the game. It honestly feels okay since the pacing of this does cut down on the tedium of backtracking in a reasonable timeframe. By the end of the game, you can effectively fast travel anywhere extremely fast.Characters develop in the classic RPG fashion. You gain XP/Levels through fights and equip better equipment as you go. As you level you unlock more moves, making combat more interesting and varied. The equipment system in this game is a massive improvement over Zestiria's mess. It's a much simpler and easy to understand system. Equipment come with two stats they boost, a learnable skill, some passive skills unlocked by enhancing the equipment, and some random skills. The learnable skill is generally the focal point as it stays with your character. The enhancement skills determine what equipment you want to invest in. The random skills seperate equipment of the same namesake.Dungeons have a bit more space and character to them. Most have unique puzzles and some are even challenging.Sidequests require some hunting down but once started have their goals marked on the world map. They can be started by talking to people with a ! on the map. Finding them is often the challenge.PlotThe setting of the plot is that of Zestiria but thousands of years in the past. Here seraphim are called malak and hellions are known as daemons. Berseria manages to do a lot more with the settings than Zestiria does. Zestiria in many ways serves to introduce the setting while Berseria really digs into it.The characters are all strong and compliment each other well. The main character, Velvet, is a daemon bent on revenge. She has a range of emotion and is challenge throughout the story. Her supporting cast are all similarly great. From the honorable but battle crazy Rokurou, to the principled and worldly Eizen, and the mysterious yet charistmatic Magilou. Everyone contributes to the plot, has development, and is generally engaging. It's apparent from the get go that most of the cast aren't good people. It's a different take for a Tales game and they do a ton with it. They explore these damaged and flawed characters to great depth and use a lot of it as a statement on the setting.The story itself is great though a bit of a slow starter. The intro has strong punchy moments but they're paced with lulls. It feels like a while before you really get into the game. Once you do the story proceeds pretty strongly. Like all Tales games, it features three story arcs. I won't go into further detail but I greatly enjoyed the story. I'd rate it second only to Tales of the Abyss.The plot ties in pretty strongly with Zestiria. Playing it is not required but does enhance the experience greatly.SoundThe sound direction for this game is pretty average. The music is never bad and never detracting but rarely augments anything. It has a bit more of a grunge/metal vibe to it than other games but still features heavy orchestral themes. Voice acting is incredibly strong (I played in English) and I was blown away by a great performance from the entire cast.ConclusionBerseria is the best Tales game since Vesperia. Its combat isn't perfect but it is above average and the correct difficulty may make everything feel right. The cast is extremely strong and diverse in combat. The story is one of the best the Tales series has to offer. The design is generally straight forward and while occasionally tedious, not really frustrating.I recommend playing it and adjusting the difficulty to a level that'll challenge you in combat so that it feels right."
76561198007039560,Recommended,429660,30175462,Posted: 25 February,all,AzurePhoenix,"I'm a huge fan of the Tales series. The last one, Zestiria, was enjoyable enough, but still wasn't very good, imo. However, I absolutely love Tales of Berseria. It is much much better than Zestiria was, and it actually even managed to make Zestiria better. All of the connections between the 2 games were just really cool and helped to expand upon the world's lore. That said, you don't need to play Zestiria to enjoy this one. I believe you could play both in any order and still get good feelings from the connections as you come across them. Or you could just skip Zestiria if you don't want to spend the time or money haha. But don't skip Berseria.I'd have to say Berseria is one of the best Tales games out there. If you haven't played Tales before, this one is definitely a good place to start, or Symphonia, which is also one of the best Tales games and is also on Steam. Velvet might just be my favorite Tales protagonist, along with Yuri from Vesperia. Her character design is just cool, and is very unique from other Tales protagonists (and other anime protagonists for that matter).Anyway, if you're looking for a great JRPG to play, this one checks that box and then some."
76561198037639802,Recommended,429660,29589319,Posted: 30 January,all,SePh WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS,better then zesteria so far
,Recommended,429660,30511097,Posted: 14 March,all,Joseph,"The game has some Nudity in like 4 scenes+protag costume but there's no sexual content, why in the world in that a tag? Also the game is awesome."
76561198271391997,Recommended,429660,30050827,Posted: 19 February,all,Ephyrian,"Haven't played a JRPG in awhile, glad I picked this one up, definately didn't disappoint. Good story/characters."
,Recommended,429660,30050136,Posted: 19 February,all,Northeasternwind,"My experience with JRPGs is mostly limited to Gamecube titles and Eternal Sonata. But let me tell you, this game is much better than Eternal Sonata, or Tales of Zestiria. I'm sure if I played Tales of Symphonia today I wouldn't enjoy it half as much as I did when I was eleven, but despite having to hold up under the MUCH higher standards I now have after getting older this game managed to evoke the same intensity of feelings in me.The gameplay was fun but I am a terrible judge of that so you may wish to find someone else's opinion on it....It's also Tales of Gender Essentialism at times, but a lot of it can be reasoned away as being in character for those who bring it up.In short, I can't believe how much better this is than Zestiria."
76561198027443313,Recommended,429660,32477545,Posted: 16 June,all,HATSUNE,good
76561198046556819,Recommended,429660,29618589,Posted: 31 January,all,Supreme Overlord Jessie,"Great story, great characters, fun combat.New favoriote tales game :)♥♥♥♥ the ending though </3"
,Recommended,429660,31891090,Posted: 21 May,all,Chrono ZX,This is better than FFXV. Great story telling and character development.
,Recommended,429660,29944668,Posted: 15 February,all,Reynfred,Good J-RPG
76561198007568868,Recommended,429660,30654810,Posted: 21 March,all,Her Royal Fabulousness,"Dove impersonation simulator 2017! Here you play as a group of travelling magicians named Magilou's Menagerie, on an epic quest full of not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ asking yourself why you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and ultimately deciding you really don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥that you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10, game of the year, fabulous witch, some generic samurai dude, some little kid who gives the ""You will be mentally stable now because I like you"" speech we all know and love from pretty much every anime ever, some guy who wants to be pirate king and eat fruits that make him grow (totally not sexual), some goody two shoes where you'll be questioning whether she's worth having in your party, some chick who appears to always be competing for ""edgiest protagonist of the year award"", all the kickass characters you've been dreaming of! That is, the one kickass character... Because everyone else is honestly just so unimportant, compared to the fabulous AF witch, Magilou. Seriously though, the real protagonist here is definitely Magilou. Did I mention how fabulous she is? Because she really is too fabulous for the planet."
76561198147907170,Recommended,429660,32566487,Posted: 19 June,all,Wobaz,"Never played any of the tales series, i didnt even know what it was before this game was release. I found it amazing, the storyline was awesome. I just loved it."
,Recommended,429660,33680191,Posted: 20 July,all,coreydies,It's alright.
,Recommended,429660,29865329,Posted: 11 February,all,jayson822000,best tales game ever great story
76561198001035874,Recommended,429660,29865458,Posted: 11 February,all,Oskitake,"Ok now after a 100hrs of play (yeah I know my stat says 130 or so but thats because I left the PC on with the game during weekends to avoid booting it up) I can finally write my review of this game, as an introduction statement I can confirm this game is FEELINGS above REASON and a LOVE story convered in a DARK velvet. Here are my facts of the game:PRO-World: Vast and enormous is the world of Berseria, the game itself requires more than 80hrs to cover it all (50% more than the last entry), enemies roaming around from evil to just in hunting you down.-Battle: the battle system has evolved compared to Zestiria it really resembles the name Berseria (berserk), it still holds some parameters that avoid you hack n slash all the time but it is way faster and more satisfactory than ever before. No camera issues this time around.-Story: at first I thought the game had a simple story, just this guy against this other but after 1/3 of the game, the story starts to give plot twist and plot twist, it makes me remember Symphonia in that sense. Truly depth for a tales game and entertaining enough for you to continue playing without care of anything else.-Characters: the strongest key point of the tales games are the characters, and this game doesnt disappoint in that regard. The characters in Berseria make the best and strongest key factor in this game, they are memorable, they have personality, they evolve, they progress, they grow, everything you want in an RPG from a character this game has it.-Graphics: the game looks as awesome and even better than the previous game and its less demanding than the previous game, they truly make a great port of this game I really need to applaud Namco for this.-Quests: at first the amount of quests are small, like really few, but as the game progress more quests starting popping up to the point that they are so many that it will take you additional hours to complete (hence the additional 20hrs it took me).-Difficulty: START IN HARD MODE! REALLY! The game is EASIER than other Tales I have played. Other harder difficulties will be unlocked (yes unlocked, not paid) after you finish certain quests, and when you do increase the difficulty. Otherwise the game will start to feel very easy towards the middle part of the game and forth.-Leveling up: Harder difficulties will make you level up, well, harder (duh) but the benefit is that enemies will drop items more often,  these items have ""skills"" equipped in them that you will inherit when you fulfill the progress bar based on your GRADE in the fights (the better you fight the faster you progress in inheriting the equip skills). This skills go from more stats to something like making more damage in certain circumstances or enemies. This help you compense your lack of level in harder difficulties.-Grinding: I know what you are thinking ""Grinding is a PRO?! What is wrong with you?!"" hear me out, grinding is FUN in this game. How so? In harder difficulties and the more grade you receive in the area, you are prompt to have a visit from a DIRE FOE at the end of one of your fights, which is a strong foe that will give you strong equip items. This FOE will appear once again when you fulfill this conditions in the same area, but the second time it will be stronger, and so the third, the fourth time and so forth. You see why grinding now is fun? Also grinding will help you grow your level faster in Cooking since it is triggered at the end of each battle. You dont want to grind? Sure its your decision but remember the harder the game the less EXP you will receive and the only thing to back you up are the equip skills you will receive.-NO DLC Story : yes thats a plus meaning the whole story is packed here.-AI: the AI is better in this game compared to other tales games, it also helps that the combat system is more fluid and faster, in the hardest battles I felt backed up by my partners most of the time contraty to me being watching over them.-Side quests: the side quests, most of them in fact, are entertaining since they push the character growth, at first they may not look meaningful but as the game progress they will.-Skits: Villians + Sadistic + Humor = TONS of laughs.-Music: the music is varied, touching, amazing, memorable and the classic Berseria tune stuck with me even after playing. If possible I want to purchase the OST.PLUS:-If you have played Zestiria you are in for a ride. You will know more deeply the world, where everything comes from, the references, even care more deeply for the characters since they have (or will have since Berseria is a prequel) a relationship with the Zestiria characters. Same goes for the locations you will see. Having played Zestiria before Berseria made my interest go thru the roof and my hype while playing beyond control, these weeks I didnt do anything other than play and work (let that sink in).CONS:-Dungeons: the dungeons are not so as dungeons they are lineal dungeons or big hallways, floor puzzling at best but just that, not memorable and some are more lengthly than I would like them to be. Some of them I was half thru and I thought ""when does this end!? I want to continue the story come on!"".-Lack of customization: compared to Zestiria, there is no customization in this game. Yes you can still custom the equipment of each character but the equip skills compared to Zestiria can be shared between the characters by simply, well, sharing the equip, so at the end if all your characters rotate with the equips you find all of them will have the same equip skills (see where I am going?). There are other tid bits you could customize in Zestiria that in Berseria is not possible, it feels like a drawback even if that made the game simpler and more focused on the other important key points.CONS: (PERSONAL)-Costumes: this is a bad thing for me since one thing I like from the tales games are the costumes, alternative versions of the default one, swimsuits, weird other costumes, and this game have just so few ones its kind of sad for me.Final score: 85-90/100. Highly recommended.A Dark loving story full of regret, inspiration, fun moments and other epic. After finishing it, I want to play Zestiria again now that I have finished the prequel. Cant wait for the next Tales game on PC. Awesome work for Namco and their staff. Thanks for this experience I will cherish forever."
76561198159164239,Recommended,429660,30223796,Posted: 27 February,all,KimoiOtaku,THE BEST!!
,Recommended,429660,29784645,Posted: 8 February,all,Fish,Best modern tales game
76561198086137165,Recommended,429660,33881565,Posted: 29 July,all,AlienAsparagus,"A decent addition to the series, if you're coming from the recent installments, Xillia and Xillia 2, don't worry they've backed off the ""we're going to be super serious all the time"" tone. Only downside is the tedious open world they introduced since Xillia and the removal of basic attacks.The gimmick this time around is a special ability unique to each character, Velvet's is obviuosly her daemon claw.If you're new to the franchise, 'Tales of' games usually shine around the combat and 'skits'.Combat:I would descibe it as a simplified 2D fighting game in a 3D space.Combos are possible but it's difficult to master.Skits:As you play the game, you can view optional skits as you progress which ranges from funny banter to world building. This is probably what keeps me coming back because it really adds alot to the adventure as everyone reacts to the world and things around them.Fair warning, they've added A LOT of skits to this one.Others:-difficulty can be toggled mid game-the controls on keyboard really suck, if you're in it for the combat, make sure you have a controller ready.-game is quite long, ranging from 40 - 60 hours.-main story theme is kinda dark compared to the other games"
,Recommended,429660,30396866,Posted: 8 March,all,Maherz #Shineee!,"Incredible game, im like""OMG need to stop playing this is too much"" *8hours later*""♥♥♥♥"" *keeps playing*Amazing combat system, amazing history line, worth all the cash i spend :) btw if someone think that its only smash buttons for make combos then are terrible wrong, play it and found out why i tell this."
76561198041663164,Recommended,429660,29543949,Posted: 28 January,all,Reinsol,"Really enjoyed what I've played so far, a solid step up from Zestiria."
,Recommended,429660,33998406,Posted: 3 August,all,TUSHAR451,"The game that made me ""get"" and love JRPGs"
,Recommended,429660,33960656,Posted: 1 August,all,Suzunal,"Finished with keyboard and mouse.Good story and good battle mechanics. Worth it.Even though the story is more on the bitter side,especially when you consider Tales of Zestiria as part of the true ending, the entire story gives another new perspective in deeper level which I didn't expect at all.The PC port is extremely smooth and well done. (Just make sure you turn off your input methods for other languages and update graphic drivers.) Each character have interesting artes skill set to play which can switch instantly in game.For the cons, I think this game have lots of flaws. The leveled shop system filled with things you don't need to buy. The first few towns including the town npcs are dull and boring. The Katz Boxes and souls are awful to collect, with sometimes nothing in return. There are so many potentials to fill in more interesting things, whether on the map or in dungeons, more monsters or better sailing system. But it feels like everything are just there, but not too advance or deeply interesting. Also, sometimes ok and cancel are not control by mouse, but by keyboard's enter and esc. And the amount of items in shop are control by arrow keys, not awsd. The ui controls are just not consistent enough. This should be fix in patch.But still, I enjoyed it a lot. I would play it again for the extra things. And that's all there is to be a good game in my book."
,Recommended,429660,33962399,Posted: 1 August,all,Dr_ClownBaby,One of my favorite Tales games.  Huge improvement on Zesteria.
,Recommended,429660,29668081,Posted: 3 February,all,¤GKGR¤ THINGS ARE GETTING SPOOKY,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,429660,29591096,Posted: 30 January,all,Unfading_Seraph,"Loved the Tales of series and I love this one, Its a ""must buy"" in my opinion, also to any who love the tales of zesteria game, there maybe slightly a little bit of a link. ;'3"
,Recommended,429660,31675211,Posted: 10 May,all,Agni7atha,"One of the best modern JRPG i ever played. It has a decent story with interesting anti-hero characters. Interaction between characters is joyful to see and there are plenty of that. But what makes this game great is the battlesystem.Unlike most JRPG, combat in this game is not turn based. After encounter with enemy, combat done in real time. It played just like action game, where the player control one character, three other characters in party controlled by AI, and two characters on standby. It has local co-op option where second character can be played with second controller, but i have yet to try that. With this kind of setup, some other modern JRPG have some restriction on how much player can control, for example character controlled by AI is untouchable by player. But in Berseria, player have full control of the party. You can switch between character on the fly in a battle so it does not feel restricted by the presence of AI.Battle itself is action based, but it is so good and almost feel like playing good fighting game. It has everything that fighting game should have. It has block, counter, dodge, combo, and flashy special move. This game is build around combo system. Doing some long combo or harder to pull combo is feel rewarding. There are usual resistance-weakness that JRPG has, with some element tied to some skill, so there will be different combo from battle to battle. Skills per character is quite plenty, with freedom to change skill button makes the variation rather large. Another good thing about the combat is the time flow of the battle. Most normal encounter done less than 10 second. Even cutscene of flashy special move a.k.a. Mystic Arte is done in 3-5 second. The flow is fast and feel just about right.There are some bad thing from the game. This game is quite linear. You are forced to go on storyline and cannot jump to some places, not until some point of the game. Exploration is rather limited and not rewarding. The worst thing is its inventory management. Some item limited to 15 not usual 99, i can live with that. But there are equipment number limitation that not even documented. Equipment farming become less enjoyable because you can go over capacity and stop receiving equipment. Enhancing and dismantle equipment become tedious thing to do because you have come back often from dungeon.This is 70+ hours game from start to finish, but even after 100+ hours i have not tired of it yet doing extra end-game content and new game+ still awaits. So i think this game is definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,429660,29573125,Posted: 29 January,all,Renegades | Stormtroopey,"Best JRPG I have ever played, still haven't finished it yet though, ill write a full review once im done!"
,Recommended,429660,32121668,Posted: 1 June,all,DroZzhat,"It was great, other than the Normin.  Normin are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198006613872,Recommended,429660,34596046,Posted: 29 August,all,Ezekiel,"This is a must for all Jrpg fans,it is a solid game with a strong story, lots of cutscenes,combat is good,you can control who you want or let them fight on auto mode.The graphics are also very nice.I highly recommend it for those who love a good storie and like to be immerse into the lore of Jrpg style."
76561198039774473,Recommended,429660,29580142,Posted: 29 January,all,Gespenst,"27h deep, best Tales since Abyss."
76561198142042701,Recommended,429660,29570405,Posted: 29 January,all,BakuraBlade,"Best Tales game ported to PC so far, highly recommended for hard core fansalso the new combo system make a nice welcoming for the newcomer to the series.story wise i think it as good as Abyss and Vesperia  and each characters have they own unique play style.Tales of Zestiria might be a so so RPG but Tales of Berseria put a Tales series back to the JRPG map."
76561198077874764,Recommended,429660,34031263,Posted: 4 August,all,NamesAreHard,"The game has a great story and is well worth the time it takes to complete. In my opinion, it is one of the best story games i have played."
,Recommended,429660,34018526,Posted: 4 August,all,⚔Artoria⚔,BEST TALES GAME EVERRR!
76561197972382461,Recommended,429660,34027701,Posted: 4 August,all,DoGCyN,"A Tales game that excells among the last several Tales releases. It's far from perfect but for those looking for more of a semi-classical RPG experience, full of the deep storytelling we miss from older Final Fantasies (and in this case, voice acting), Tales of Berseria does it well. There are some areas however, it does not excell it, or is lacking in...Story: 8/10 - THIS is how you write a story. You first have strong characters, full of character development, backstories, joy, and sadness. Then second, explain the setting they've been placed in. If your characters suck, the setting surrounding them will suck as well. I'm looking at you FF15 developers. Take some damn notes.This is a revenge story, which has some anti-hero elements to it. You are the bad guy, and several moments in the game will question whether or not you are actually making the right decision. The story heavily resolves around this ""anti-hero"" theme which is something that makes the last third of the game so special. I won't spoil the details.The first two-thirds of the game's story are incredibly boring. It serves as build up for the last third which is fantastic...but that build up is extremely tedious. I almost quit the game a few times. -3Magilou is a fantastic character and has a fantastic Voice Actor. +1Graphics and Setting: 6/10 - The graphics overall are acceptable. The character models look okay, and the animations in battle are pretty good.Every area in this game, and I do mean EVERY area is boring, repetitive, and linear. The towns all look the same with a different coat of paint on each one. No real difference in the dungeons besides the very last one, which has a slightly differing look, but nothing special. -2Game is entirely too flat. Get some damn bump mapping in there. -2Sound and Music: 9/10 - Minus 1 only because it isn't perfect, and typically, nothing is. I will rarely give 10/10s. Sound effects all sound great, and match whatever they're attached to. Fire sounds like fire, ice sounds like whatever you think ice might sound like. Some sounds have some nice weight to them, such as Velvets' Devour. Music is fantastic. It doesn't really blow me away but it does get me pumped up when a battle or important moment starts. Great job.The voice acting is pretty damn good. Props to the casting department.Gameplay: 6/10 - Gameplay is also acceptable. Many gamers who've played this game are about to shake their fist at me for the opinion I'm about to unleash, and that is fine. This was my experience. Combat revolves around setting up learned abilities (that you learn by leveling) to one of the 4 circle buttons typically on the right side of a controller. I didn't play with PC controls so I don't know how they work. Regardless, the combos you can pull off are satisfying, and that is the good part. The bad part however...The game is entirely too easy. I played the whole game on Hard mode (one less from Intense mode unlocked later in the game, and I'm told there is a Chaos mode), and there were really only a couple spots in the game that gave me any trouble whatsoever with very little strategy needed to overcome. There is also an easy mode, and a normal mode. Hard mode is easy mode, so easy mode must be play-with-your-feet mode, cause you probably will be able to and still win. So stick balancing in there as a serious problem. -1Cooking is pointless in this Tales game due to the lack of an MP bar. I didn't cook once in the entire game, with the exception of the tutorial, and never needed to with HP regening almost to full just about after every battle. Inns are useless unless you use a dark bottle or holy bottle, and even then you don't need them as there are other ways to remove the effects of those 2 items. Gald is entirely too plentiful. -2Crafting system is a great addition. Collecting items around the world or dismantling your own old weapons and armor to get new matierals is nice. I'm very happy with it. +1Velvet's Devour is Overpowered, seeing as you can't die when in that mode. Healing artes are fairly useless in this Tales game. ""Casting artes"" are troublesome. If there was a hot menu for them, I never found it. Made it difficult to play as Laphicet, or Magilou. Hard to explain, but you have the 4 circle buttons to put your learned abilities on...well... casting artes go there to...and I found myself having to constantly switch them in and out rather than select them from a menu in order to use them. Chalk it up to a sloppy User Interface. -2Overall: 7/10 - Despite the crappy level design, the stupid easy and unbalanced combat system, and a lack of useful cooking/proper healing used in past titles, the game does hold up. RPG fans rejoice. Despite me not sounding like it, I did ultimately enjoy this game, simply for the great story. It really carries the game."
76561198141967741,Recommended,429660,29578242,Posted: 29 January,all,Nyagic,Magilou best character. Buy this game for her.
,Recommended,429660,30076180,Posted: 21 February,all,crazidavi23,"Tales of Berseria is one of the best JRPG's I've played in a long time. I found it difficult to get into Zestiria (didn't finish it), but ever the sucker for a JRPG i dove back into the series and was pleasantly rewarded. Hopefully the lore knowledge i gain from finishing this, will help me enjoy the Era that Zestiria is set in as well."
76561197985813774,Recommended,429660,29570402,Posted: 29 January,all,RoBs,"I loved tales of Symphonia and this is just pure beauty. How they have put in more animated sequences is amazing and the combat is great while at even at hard difficulty I can say is a lot easier than Symphonia. Most important of all is the story. Velvet is perhaps one of the best characters I've ever seen. All of her character had me almost wish I was born a woman.RS7 and now this, keep going Japan, you're doing good!"
76561198092431729,Recommended,429660,29683042,Posted: 3 February,all,MORROGANDER,I love the story!
,Recommended,429660,30167138,Posted: 25 February,all,VGF0bGlu,"I will only say, Thank you.I guess that it is self explanatory."
,Recommended,429660,30526557,Posted: 15 March,all,入巣蒔菜,Solid battle system. Great Story. Amazing Soundtrack. A must get title for any JRPG players out there
,Recommended,429660,31591994,Posted: 6 May,all,Ruben,Spent 106 hours on it and haven't even completed it yet :)
76561197973957278,Recommended,429660,32098919,Posted: 31 May,all,Blitz,Fantastic.
,Recommended,429660,34498129,Posted: 25 August,all,P.D. Hermitaur,"A fantastic hack and slash with an amazing story! Even if you hate hack and slash button mashers, the story alone is enough to pick it up."
,Recommended,429660,29643934,Posted: 1 February,all,l3uk,"One of the most fun games I've played in quite a while. Usually RPGs are too tedious for me to get in to but I've found Tales of Berseria to be very easy to pick up and play. The combat is fun, the story is interesting, and the art is quite nice. It's also nice that it's slightly cheaper through Steam than on PS4. Recommend it for anyone that likes RPGs and action games!"
,Recommended,429660,29644105,Posted: 1 February,all,STEELFROST,"Amazing story, great new battle system, now if we could just get the AI to work properly and the sound effects to not be glitched, this game would be my #2 recommendation next to Symphonia (even if the port is a complete botch job lol)."
76561198067110471,Recommended,429660,30075149,Posted: 21 February,all,Fujiwara Volcano!,Buy this game and thank yourself later. It is never too late to get into a Tales Of game.
,Recommended,429660,29642669,Posted: 1 February,all,Woofly,"First Tales of in years that doesn't suck balls. Memorable great cast, fun combat and interesting RPG mechanics woah. Is a little easy even on hard/insane though."
76561197969477444,Recommended,429660,29738517,Posted: 6 February,all,sib,My first JRPG. Not sure why but iam still playing this game.
,Recommended,429660,29608137,Posted: 31 January,all,Mazer,"This a return to form for the Tales series and plays like an apology for Zesteria.  I'm enjoying it as much as I enjoyed Vesperia, Abyss, Symphonia.  Only real complaint is a lack of an overworld map, but that is sadly a thing of the past now."
,Recommended,429660,30255869,Posted: 28 February,all,Victory Male Carter,Edge Lord Game Rather Play something less dark But I ran smoothly when i played it! Very Similar to Tales of Zesteria
76561198065824160,Recommended,429660,34031506,Posted: 4 August,all,♓ AFK ♓,"A lot of people already listed out all the good and bad things about this game. Just scroll down through the comments section. With that said, i definitely reccomend this game. I am new to this genre and I am already loving it"
,Recommended,429660,34180278,Posted: 11 August,all,Nerezza,"The first Tales of game I'd bought was Tales of Zesteria, while on sale. Its story was disappointing, and literally just as it'd become praise-worthy the story said 'final boss time' and sent me on a 10 hour long journey to the final boss room, leaving countless plot holes behind.Despite the depressingly horrid experience I had with ToZ's storyline though, I went ahead and bought Tales of Berseria after reading its reviews. I have no regrets with my second purchase, this game's story alone is absolutely wonderful and places it near the top of my 'JRPGs to recommend' list."
,Recommended,429660,30150403,Posted: 24 February,all,Trickster,Best game would buy it again :D
76561198359046043,Recommended,429660,33510205,Posted: 13 July,all,JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAM,"After the disgusting abomination that was Tales of Zesteria, Tales of Berseria is an welcomed apology. Seriousely, play this one, not the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the franchise. 8/10"
76561198070224536,Recommended,429660,30157132,Posted: 24 February,all,devonworks,just finished my 2nd playthough and the extra dungeon
,Recommended,429660,29572187,Posted: 29 January,all,#Kingy` ワカ,It is actually really good! I like it much better than Zestiria.
,Recommended,429660,33426508,Posted: 10 July,all,アシリズ,This game teaches you the phrase 'Why do birds fly'
,Recommended,429660,29572486,Posted: 29 January,all,DaggerfallNerd,"its a tales of gamecombat is more of a departure than takes of zestiria so it may take some time to get adjusted. if you arent comfortable with changes in a franchise you like, then play the demo. fighting system is more of a brawler type but that kinda suits the main character.this game has mild berserk references in the games influences so thats a plus.the ai just got fixed and if you are going to get this game, look into Kaldaien's patch for the game. it really helps"
76561198037639438,Recommended,429660,29773174,Posted: 7 February,all,Spaz,"I really wish there was a neutral button for these reviews, or a hesitant thumbs up anyways.The combat is kinda meh with no real strategy. I seem to do better if I just smash the buttons. And the world is bland, all the areas feel a little too big with not enough stuff in them. Kinda like a house when you've just moved the furniture in and haven't moved the rest of your stuff in. The world just feels void of any personality, maybe I'm just spoiled by the witcher series.But the story is really grabbing me and the characters are really interesting. I'm having fun."
,Recommended,429660,30376431,Posted: 7 March,all,BrickMcLargeHuge,10/10 would grimdark again
,Recommended,429660,29513011,Posted: 26 January,all,xiph0s,"UPDATED 1/27/2017 (WILL PROBABLY ADD MORE)Berseria makes Zesteria look like a baby.Tales of Berseria fixed lot of the major problems Zesteria has and improve what Zesteria is good atWHAT IMPROVED:-Skits are more dynamic-Combat system is more fluid and responsive-No auto camera and you can control it.-Story/Character Development-World is bigger due to expansion of the sea-No stupid treasure key required to open keys-Leaping/fire (They made it more responsive and there isn't a delay compared to Zesteria)-Enchancing equipments (In Zesteria, it was combing the same gear, but in Berseria it's based on parts)-Character swap system-WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEBOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARDDDDDDDDDD-Graphics and scenary is noticably lot better (it could just be me)WHAT IS ADDED/DIFFERENT from Zesteria:-minigames (you can be a waitress, target practice, and there probably more)-Voyage mode (forgot what it's called, but you get items)-Break souls and 4 button artes system assigned to your needs.-Bounty System (It's basically hunting the special monsters, but instead of getting those orbs you get some skill such as aerial recovery)-Cooking system (In Zesteria, they sway away from the classic getting the ingredients and combining it to a recipe. They do it automatically)-Since you're a hellion, you get these exorcist chasing your♥♥♥♥♥and you can't go in like a normal person. In Zesteria, you are treated  either as a normal person or a hero.-Collecting katz spirt orbs, instead of finding monoliths.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:-No fast travel, you got to use a bottle for getting out of dungeons or going to nearby towns. (It isn't that bad though)-COINS (WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS IT USED FOR)-No hit the enemy to engage in battle. You gotta run behind them :( for a favorable ecounter and you can't get backstabbed or you get an unfavorable ecounter.OTHER-There is references to a Tales of Phantasia and Tales of Zesteria that I catch so far. You will see someone very familiar.-Don't really need to play Zesteria to play Berseria"
76561198146522541,Recommended,429660,33958267,Posted: 1 August,all,khermerker,"well what i can say... if you liked zerestia... i can say.... i dont get why you liked but this game is nothing like zerestria and their farming simluator... story is better, the old combat system we like so yup if you liked the old tale games you can come back with this and forget zerestia. now zerestia have some parts of this game cause story is before.. but it could be better forget in history that game..."
,Recommended,429660,29518781,Posted: 27 January,all,SkylXTumn,Nothing to say that hasn't already been said.Velvet and her crew are just pretty much the life that has been breathed into Tales once more.
76561198084503067,Recommended,429660,29513982,Posted: 26 January,all,GENNESIS,"Looks like the Tales series got its mojo back.Velvet is a complete badass Maligou offers good comic relief.The combat is fluid and responsive.In first few hours you got more story,character development  then in 50 hours of zestiria.Performance is good but not excellent 45-60 fps on 4k 2x970 nvidia.Looks like  45 fps was the first few  now other areas are solid.Music is very good so far . Camera, item,weapon, skill system is not a mess compared too zestiria.The only gripe that the enviroments are still a bit a letdown but compared to zestiriathey are an improvement."
,Recommended,429660,29540483,Posted: 28 January,all,Avarize,"Great game, great portThumbs up!"
76561198073708027,Recommended,429660,29542594,Posted: 28 January,all,ike789125,"10/10 for me at 10+ hours. Is this what being emotionally invested in a video game is like? I only ask because i thought i knew but clearly it has been so long that i have forgotten. That is a testement to the characters in ToB.  As for BamcoNamco, if you guys are listening. Keep it up. I may be playing this on PC but your titles are the only thing i have for my PS4 and the majority of my PC games at this point."
76561198026497330,Recommended,429660,31760977,Posted: 14 May,all,childish sadbino,Best Tales of Game sense Vesperia
,Recommended,429660,29636189,Posted: 1 February,all,sweet🍀dill,"First good ""tales of X"" game in 15 years."
,Recommended,429660,30262046,Posted: 1 March,all,Apriarcy,"Magilou best girl.Velvet best wife.The 90 hours it took to complete this game were an absolute blast. I'm already thinking about doing a New Game +. While the gameplay and story was better than Zestiria, I didn't find the characters quite as likeable. The characters aren't bad, it's just the character interactions in Zestiria were better.There's plenty of post game playability with things like mini games, side quests, post game dungeons, mastery farming and grade farming.I'm very glad I pre-ordered this game!"
,Recommended,429660,29539361,Posted: 28 January,all,Anime_Fusion,"Love it. The cast is great, story is good so far and the combat is extremely fun and responsive. Nothing bad to say about it yet. I could never really get into Zestiria. Wasn't a fan of fusion, etc. But having no trouble with this one!*I will say the only thing that really bothers me though is the NPC diversity. I know that NPCs are overlooked a lot, but they really could have added a few more varieties. So much of the same exact face."
76561198055235730,Recommended,429660,29722577,Posted: 5 February,all,Black Bullet,"Wow...an amazing Prequel, an amazing stand alone...."
76561198141317281,Recommended,429660,29783593,Posted: 8 February,all,RickMalmsteenBR,Boy these people like to talk. The pawns from Dragon's Dogma are mute compared to these guys!Better in every way than the last Tales. I'm having a blast.
,Recommended,429660,29550928,Posted: 28 January,all,eousphoros,"Great combat, good story. Very good pc port other then the 60fps 16:9 limitations."
,Recommended,429660,29552106,Posted: 28 January,all,Yuri Morgan,awesome game
76561198007330588,Recommended,429660,29549856,Posted: 28 January,all,Crisis,"Good game and I really enjoyed the story,the battles can grow tiresome at times but it was still a fun game to play.as for the side activities I did not do them a lot,as they seemed pointless and no real rewards.The battle seystem is a good one, so the game has fun gameplay.If I had to say one neggitive thing about this game it would be.Lack of direction, you will find yourself starring at the map often figguring out where to go.Still I recomend you try this game its fun and a lot to do and to see."
,Recommended,429660,29550938,Posted: 28 January,all,casey.eckman,I have noticed that all of the problems have been corrected and I give a big thanks to the people who worked hard to get the errors fixed! Tales of Berseria has definatly become one of my favorite games in the series and now there is only one thing I would ask Bandi Namco to do which is to bring the other Tales games to steam I would especially like to see some updated versions of the older games if at all possible.
76561198272717759,Recommended,429660,29518552,Posted: 27 January,all,Poljanan,"The production values for this game is top notch. I had my doubts when I played the demo, but after finally playing the game, it's pretty evident that the game was more polished than I expected. The anime cutscenes are also much better animated than your average anime, so that's also a plus for fans of JRPGs like this."
,Recommended,429660,29515732,Posted: 26 January,all,Bananni Kablammy,"+ First Tales of game I've managed to stay hooked on since Symphonia, Vesperia, and Graces F.  Even with all the warnings, this is a surprisingly dark game.+ Even though the story is rather dark, the familiar writing and skits and humor are all very Tales.+ Music is great.+ I'm having a lot of fun with the Break Soul combat system and chaining them together to create massive damage combos, a lot more fun once I upped the combat difficulty level. Once you figure out how to skip step to gain more souls and target dying monsters, combat is extremely fast.+ There are costume items to collect.+ The equipment dismantling and enhancing makes grinding for skill masteries seem more productive with the appropriate item drop title equipped.+ The Japanese voice acting is pretty good so far, the subtitles are so-so.+ The anime cutscenes really are beautiful.  I was a bit surprised, actually.+ I'm using a PS4 controller with my computer.  It's running great! The PS4 buttons are not shown in the game, however, but the button numbers are pretty easy to figure out if you have ever played a Tales game before or have struggled with button mapping in other games.+ I have not played Zestiria and am still enjoying the story.- The only thing that really bothers me is the sound the game makes when you confirm you read the tutorial.  It always makes me think that I skipped a screen.  Very small annoyance.  I can't have everything I guess =P- The camera movement on the world map could be faster.- The game crashed when I tried to exit.+ I am enjoying this game so much that I went and bought Zestiria to play after, even though I lost the discount buying in this order.  I don't even care.If you like JRPGs from the older generation, definitely give this game a shot.  This is one of the better Tales of games in recent memory.  I'm only 4.5 hours in, but I can see myself binging on this game for the next couple of weeks.  =DNote: I am 30 and don't necessarily have the time anymore to sit through JRPGs like I used to.  This one seems doable in small play sessions.  Story synopsis in the Tales games is always a life saver.  The story is not overly fluffy so far.  There are save points everywhere, and you can quick save if needed."
76561198162553511,Recommended,429660,29512357,Posted: 26 January,all,St☆r,"AMAZING !!! Well on its way to become my fav ""tales of..."" title! Beautiful animations, game runs smoothly, scenery is gorgeous, combat is intuitive, easy to get into yet stimulating, jap voices!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ++++ HIGHLY RECOMMEND BUYING! worth evry cent i threw at this ^^=D happy player here ^^"
76561198067366721,Recommended,429660,29515832,Posted: 26 January,all,Lacrymoire,"So far so good! Awesome protagonist, fluid gameplay at 60 fps (zestiria was a lag fest), dark story (I almost cried after the first boss fight). Totally worth it. Even if you are not a fan of Tales series, consider getting this one. Solid game all around. Now it's time to bring Tales of Vesperia. Make it happen Namco!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9zszv0oidQ"
76561197985187715,Recommended,429660,29514389,Posted: 26 January,all,Asaka Ailibeier,No Japanesebeen F***ed by ESRB system changed game contentNo! Japanese UI! English don`t match Japanese audio for local cultrue reason! No Japanese!and a old gamebut still we got velvet
,Recommended,429660,32575974,Posted: 19 June,all,エイズ Grant,play it
76561198003184070,Recommended,429660,29513884,Posted: 26 January,all,Irion,"A Tales of' game with darker story, and also a better PC version with multiple configuration options compared to Zestiria and Symphonia.The only ""bad"" thing about it, and i say ""bad"" it's the day 1 DLCs, but other than that the game it's 9.5/10"
,Recommended,429660,29515708,Posted: 26 January,all,chagnereaction,"Haven't played it too far yet due to health issues going on, but so far it's great! Will probably keep this short, as this is, I believe, the first review I've ever done on here, and I'm pretty out of it at the moment. Glad I pre-ordered it! I really appreciate the demo as well, that was a very welcomed addition as many companies do not provide such a service these days. About the game: Great characters, story, attention to detail, visuals and it runs very well from what I've played so far. I haven't had but one issue and that was when I switched the audio to surround in game and it's coming through my TV's speakers, and there was no voices. I switched it to stereo and all was fine. I don't even have my surround sound hooked up at the moment, so all is well. Works fine in 4k, and looks really nice. That's one of the main reasons I bought the PC version over the PS4. I do however have to say that I read a lot in the discussions forum on here beforehand, and after downloading the game upon release, and I can't believe how toxic people are. It's really quite sad. I don't care for the dreaded DRM either, but good grief, it isn't like it's beating your system with a baseball bat wrapped in tin foil, stuffing gophers down your trousers, running over your grandmother with a moped, and spanking your hampster! Honestly, I sincerely hope this company will continue to support the PC after all the negativity. I hope they may even bring some of the past games over, as I, and many others I'm sure, would purchase them. All I really have to say is thank you for a great experience! Well done! I look forward to more of their work in the future!"
,Recommended,429660,29961432,Posted: 16 February,all,Thunder,10/10 best tales game yet
76561198012593309,Recommended,429660,29888956,Posted: 12 February,all,Nerrin,The Ones Who Stab A Way Through Omelas.
,Recommended,429660,29598910,Posted: 30 January,all,セイバー VS7,"64 MB patchNo patch notes.""Is it the AI fix?!""NopeBut it introduced some super-sick Ear♥♥♥♥♥♥QLOC gets it. Regression-Testing is for losers.10/10"
,Recommended,429660,32956591,Posted: 28 June,all,Arrakis,"Not as good as Tales of Xillia, but worth it at a discount."
76561198246452200,Recommended,429660,32975303,Posted: 28 June,all,Doge,"Played like the first minutes in the game after buying it on sale. Fact is, it was great! The story feels so amazing and well thought out and most of all, this game is connected to tales of zestiria in some angles! I'd recommend buying this game if you are into the story and if you're a tales fan!"
,Recommended,429660,29513356,Posted: 26 January,all,Dodokoce,"This is probably the best J-RPG i've played in a long while. It has good visuals, awesome real-time combat system, and the world is pretty big. Cuscenes and animated cutscenes(which are produced by Japanese studio Ufotable) are absolutely stunning!I would definetly recommend this game when it's on sale or even now if you ever played any other Tales game. (I've played Zestiria and Symhponia and it really is a lot better than those two)"
,Recommended,429660,29515007,Posted: 26 January,all,"I am thou, thou art I...",Only 4 hours in and it's MILES ahead of Zestiria in terms of actually being entertaining.  The cast of characters are very likeable and the battle system is pretty fun.  I can't wait to put in more hours!Also: Velvet is total waifu material.  Just sayin'.
,Recommended,429660,29514879,Posted: 26 January,all,ArcticZenith,More AAA JRPG's on steam. Keep em coming.
,Recommended,429660,29618547,Posted: 31 January,all,[K.lo] Chemwarss,Velvet secretly works for Khorne.
76561198088411048,Recommended,429660,33028488,Posted: 30 June,all,Nanashi,"TLDR:Get it.Its Gud. Weeaboo Trash will enjoy immensely.Plot Summary :They Killed Waifu’s brother to save the world.Waifu will get revenge,even if she takes the world with herWaifu ponders why birds fly ?Long Review:So this is part of  a JRPG franchise. Like Final Fantasy. Except Not really.In a tales game :You get Real Time Combat System that resembles a overly simple fight game.You get Cliche Shounen main characters in this game we have a  Tsundere Ice Queen, Our cast includes samurai who wants to  the worlds greatest swordsman, A Pirate who can't swim. Need I say more.You get Cliche RPG setting : We have a Medieval Kingdom, with Knights, Dragons,  and a Prince. Oh its medieval so the catholic church is a big part of the series.Cheesy JRPG dialogue told through static cust scenes known as skits. If you've ever played a Visual Novel you've seen these.Mechanics that encourage grinding, item holding and collection. Though not necessary for the main campaign.So why should you buy this cheesy, cliche, game  with all its anime tropes?  Cuz  playing as a innocent female mc turned into demon tsundere ice queen who is hell bent on revenge even if it means taking the world with her is awesome. Also the tales series absorbs a lesson well : If you are going to be a living breathing set of stereotypes, you are cool as long as you own it. If Square's final fantasy often redefine what JRPGs can be, tales series represents what they are. The characters while cliche are endearing, the cheesy dialogue is charming, and this is done through a presentation that doesn't take itself overly seriously. The battle system, mechanics are relatively easy to understand  and players only need to commit to the game as much as they feel need to. Don't feel like grinding, set the battle difficulty to simple and put your character battle on auto and you don't even need to fight the battles.The games main campaign + side quests probably take around 60-75 hours. A main quest run, with obvious sidequests probably can be done around 55."
76561198043905981,Recommended,429660,29836413,Posted: 10 February,all,Trues55,The ending sucks but the entire game was very fun and very long id reccomend at current price if your intrested in a real dramatic story
,Recommended,429660,32902813,Posted: 27 June,all,Kazuki たかつ,"this story basically gut wrenched me, and if a game makes me that emotional id be willing to put in one of my favorite games of the year, it certainly is an emotional rollercoaster from start to finish.as Velvet would say, those feelings are proof your alive.I'd do anything to let velvet sit on my face. Also Velvet > Magilou"
,Recommended,429660,32914821,Posted: 27 June,all,The Dragon Memelord,Comparing this game to Zestiria isn't even remotely fair
,Recommended,429660,30123202,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr. Rummsbumms,"""The illustrious Mazhigigika Miludin do Din Nolurun Dou - Magilou for short. ""Mah"". like ""soggy shoe"" or ""doggie doo"" or ""call me any of those things and I'll turn you into a froggy-stew""11/10"
76561198085574845,Recommended,429660,32922626,Posted: 28 June,all,Kai,Great Gameplay. Story makes Zestiria's story better
,Recommended,429660,29610177,Posted: 31 January,all,avrarki,"I'm about 20 hours in game, and so far, so good. There were minor glitches, audio and framerate, and I have yet to encounter the AI bug. I'm sure they'll patch this up, early release almost always has bugs.This game is definitely way better than Zestiria. I wish they've also thrown in another Tales game (Vesperia, please port this BAMCO) in the pre-orders, like they did with Zestiria, but I am enjoying the game too much to complain further. Love the series as a whole and hope they make more. The darker tone is different and refreshing to see. (^w^)/"
,Recommended,429660,29862177,Posted: 11 February,all,BagOfHurt,Best Tales game I've ever played.
,Recommended,429660,29609100,Posted: 31 January,all,KRDiStort,"A substantial improvement over the previous game, both in terms of story and gameplay. While still a bit bogged down by extraneous features, the parts that matter are streamlined and enjoyable.(And yes, it runs at 60FPS, and looks all the better for it.)Please read my full reviewhere."
,Recommended,429660,29528686,Posted: 27 January,all,The Widowmaker,Worth the wait!
,Recommended,429660,29546207,Posted: 28 January,all,ArkDK,"Fun combat, interesting characters, and on top of all that face palming dialogue what more could you want from a jrpg!As far as what I dislike about the game so far, well to be honest a bit cheesy at times, and the voice acting could be better."
,Recommended,429660,29691390,Posted: 4 February,all,Yana,Better JRPG that have been i played..
,Recommended,429660,29543548,Posted: 28 January,all,Eleveite,"Change the name to ""Tales of Baeseria"" (ily Velvet) and this game gets 10/10 but for now 9.5/10 it's truly a fun game and the combat is exquisite!!"
,Recommended,429660,34131049,Posted: 9 August,all,KelfaDirge,MEH
76561198111420566,Recommended,429660,29958589,Posted: 16 February,all,killer007,just finish this game on new game+ on chaos mode include the sides quest. need more jrpg like this.
,Recommended,429660,30662170,Posted: 21 March,all,Chouchers,Gameplay 9 out 10Characters 7 out 10Muisc 10 out 10Story 8 out 10Frame Rate 60 out 144Tales of Berseria is good but tales of xillia beat it hards down.
76561198062797264,Recommended,429660,34005139,Posted: 3 August,all,Nephew,Well I like it
76561198136097602,Recommended,429660,34006336,Posted: 3 August,all,nolwindg,"Great Prequel to a great game, like zestria more but great way of going to the next game, epic ending and sad very Dramaticbut great game overall."
76561198056352614,Recommended,429660,34010345,Posted: 4 August,all,Jay Summers,"This game is a continuance of an epic saga of titles, and every time a new title is released a new flavor is put into the game. This release is no different.The combat system hasn't changed a lot from its predecessors, but it is still fun as heck.Pros:~ In depth storyline.~ Great Gameplay~ Open World feel.~ Equipment customization is locked in with skill trees and leveling.~ Great Voice Acting.~ Beatiful Graphics~ Very user friendly interface.~ Puzzle oriented dungeons.~ Awesome Character Development.~ Can play any character in the party.Cons:~ Sometimes the game gets too cute and makes me throw up my chicken wings a little bit.~ The storyline can get repetitive, ie... ""OH! Found a town, kill some monsters, then the storyline will open up again.""~ The cutscenes for the side story (party members talking in a comic zone style format) are kind of splunked on you all at once in one point of the game.If you are a fan of anime style storylines, great gameply, and action RPG's, then you don't want to pass this title up. I totally recommend it.And the Tales of Symphonia, Tales of Vestiria, and all of the other releases this series has. A+ stuff here."
,Recommended,429660,32785262,Posted: 25 June,all,KENSHIRO,velvet is waifu
76561197970964299,Recommended,429660,30093609,Posted: 21 February,all,Magick Mak,"I've been a fan of nearly every Tales game and after ToZ...  I was a bit skeptical.  That was a mistake on my part because this is one of the better ones.  I still consider Graces and Symphonia to be my favs but this one isn't too far behind.  While I wasn't a huge fan of ToZ, I believe you need to play both to fully appreciate both stories.Combat - AwesomeCharacters - Great for the most partStory - GreatMusic - It sounds like other Tales games which isn't exactly a huge plus from my perspectiveMy only real complaint is the frequency of combat even though it's quite fun.  Yes, you can avoid combat but I have a hard time doing that and the mob density is rather high.  There is a lot of trash before you get to the end of any area/dungeon.Well worth the full price tag.  I hope they keep bringing more to Steam."
76561198269120365,Recommended,429660,30094986,Posted: 22 February,all,supernicex4,lit game
,Recommended,429660,30299871,Posted: 3 March,all,SilverNitez,"Too Good, Better Buy"
,Recommended,429660,30472093,Posted: 12 March,all,Cancer ツ,Good Hahaha as expected from the tales series
76561198219491639,Recommended,429660,29673183,Posted: 3 February,all,abbendys,hmm two words:... Runingsimulator 2017... overall still a cool game tho
,Recommended,429660,32609396,Posted: 20 June,all,Super Jesus Dovahkiin,Enjoying it great story and combat even for playing with the mouse and key board worth the 50 bucks and i haven't gotten that far in the story but loving it and the main character
76561198000250399,Recommended,429660,29514908,Posted: 26 January,all,Zev,"I am 2 hours into the game and my only complaint is that the game feels WAY to easy on Normal.  This might change later on; perhaps I need to set it to hard.   I love the main character so far, story is fun, music is great, combat feels good.   I have yet to progress far enough in the story for crafting (if there even is any) so I cant say anything about that.  But overall,  I would highly recomend this game if your into RPGs."
,Recommended,429660,29677747,Posted: 3 February,all,Merlin,good game to play
,Recommended,429660,30107914,Posted: 22 February,all,-a,Coo Coo
76561198271237445,Recommended,429660,30163374,Posted: 25 February,all,Gruntkillerkyle,YOU READY TO DIE?!think you can dodge!? JUST TRY!PERFECT MAYHEM!!!
,Recommended,429660,30105849,Posted: 22 February,all,Old Pod 042,love it
76561197995526869,Recommended,429660,29885430,Posted: 12 February,all,Red Null,Great story!
,Recommended,429660,29512256,Posted: 26 January,all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,So far as great as Vesperia! PC specific specs and not a port!
76561198071310217,Recommended,429660,29524445,Posted: 27 January,all,Кytes,10\10 for any Tales fan.
76561198136851315,Recommended,429660,29513250,Posted: 26 January,all,story teller,all in all an excellent tales game so far cant wait to see how the story ends.
76561198129274935,Recommended,429660,29514193,Posted: 26 January,all,Zodiark,"Haven't played much yet, although looking like a strong entry into the franchise. Will update with more details later,"
76561198013397733,Recommended,429660,29519085,Posted: 27 January,all,Trixie,"Great storyline with an awesome anti-hero protagonist, worth the price, it's an amazing game."
76561197991932924,Recommended,429660,29515660,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,First game on the pc of the tales series others have been on other systems but will say this love this game after i gave them a new try
,Recommended,429660,29516832,Posted: 27 January,all,Daiko,Better than tale of Zestiria in my opinion.
,Recommended,429660,34017153,Posted: 4 August,all,Gunnest663,"This has to be my fav game now, The story is great, HAS GREAT COMBAT SYSTEM! and the A.I work really well :O unlike Final Fantasy Type-0 HD.Should buy this right now since the sale only has 2 hours and 20 minutes"
76561198366417856,Recommended,429660,32809673,Posted: 26 June,all,Jaeong #ONCE,Itz nize gameu
,Recommended,429660,29543208,Posted: 28 January,all,末原 恭子,"I came into this game thinking I would be disappointed (because Zestiria was less than stellar for me). However, my experience of this game for the first few minutes proved me wrong, and the rest 10 hours did nothing to prove me right either. It was just so damn good. While Velvet won't replace Yuri Lowell in my heart, she's a step up from the likes of Sorey, Jude Mathis/ Milla Maxwell, and those from... graces *shivers*. I mean, where to start?I suppose let's go with what separates Tales from other RPGs; their amazing skits. That's here! Still funny, and more animated than it has ever been! Every single one of them is interesting, fleshing out the characters and their relationship with each member in the party. They happen, not too far apart from each other, but they don't drown the game. Not only do you need to sleep in an inn to randomly activating one, you may do so by wearing a different costume, picking something up, or even just cooking! Because of these skits you always want to explore because going in somewhere simple like a corner of a dungeon might trigger one of them!Next I suppose would be the characters. Velvet and her party mates are refreshing compared to the 'power of friendship rangers' that came before. Due to her unpleasant past, which you get to play too, she's willing to do unscrupulous things to get her way. The characters she meet in her path of vengeance feel essential to her growth, and interesting themselves. They're a band of misfits, condemned criminals consisting of demons, a witch, a pirate and a traitor. Because of that, unlike other games where you're either a prince, or basically a hero, not everyone is routing for you. In fact, because of Velvet's motives she's going against the world as succeeding with her goal means destroying the false peace the populace believe they're experiencing. Each character has a goal of their own, and a path to redemption unlike some who are just... err.... there.Next, gameplay. This is an amazing pc port. Playing on the keyboard (not even using my mouse) feels so natural. Battle is fast paced, combos are easy to do but hard to master (exactly how I like it), and the artes are sights to behold. Never have I done Mystic Artes this much and not get tired of them! Better yet, dual mystic artes make a return and that's always a plus! Navigating the worldmap is easy too, as well as in the dungeons. Fighting enemies is still an option as you can out maneuver them or just plain escape in battle (tho some enemies are really fast in running in the world map and trying to outrun them results into a 'risky encounter'.As for the plot, well I'll be honest, it's not that special. We've seen this before, it's a story of revenge and redemption, but I feel that ToBerseria told it in a special way. Sure there are cliches (at this point it's almost already a given a game would have them anyway) but I never really felt like the game was boring me with them because at the end of the day I still couldn't stop playing it!I heard from other people that there are problems with the AI. I.... don't really see that. I mean, all I needed to do was go to 'strategy and tactics' and fix it, modify the different options to how I want each of my member to perform. Doing so, each of my party members did their job well! When I set my healer to 'defensive' i didn't worry about my health dropping to below fifty percent, furthermore they cured me of ailments as I needed. The characters I set to offense would properly beat down on my enemies as they're asked. Currently I'm at level 50 and I still have no complain about my companions' AIs.The next problem I hear people have is that the map is small. If you're new to the tales games then I understand where you're coming from. However a veteran of the franchise would know that complaining about map size in a tales game is like complaining about the lack of happy and healthy civilians in a zombie game, it's just not about that. If you want to explore a large map, you have GTA, skyrim, Red Dead etc. This game certainly won't satisfy that itch.Overall i think the game is great. I would recommend it. It's not for everyone, certainly, but old fans of tales and JRPG in general would find some fun in this. It's no abyss or vesperia but it's better for me compared to Zestiria, and Xillia; and certainly a lot better than Graces."
,Recommended,429660,29532236,Posted: 27 January,all,nyanime8,"I love Tales of Zestria, then why not Tales of Berseria next ?!I like the gameplay and story. It's worth to buy this game."
,Recommended,429660,29515721,Posted: 26 January,all,Holysocks1000,"(edited to reflect having spent more time with the game)This is my first Tales game, and I am very much enjoying my purchase.The graphical style is the kind that never really ages, at least  in my eyes.  So this sort of cell shaded, anime style has been used in just about every similar jrpg that utilizes polygons.  The key item in how the style has advanced is the environmental and the atmospheric effects.  So I'll be honest, you don't need a 1070 or the lates AMD card to run this well, but the art is very well done for the style chosen.The characters are very well designed and thought out.  Each of the main characters have different quirks about their personalities that make them unique.  In other words, they really aren't a bore to pay attention to.The game plays particularly well, though the optimization could stand for some improvement.  There seems to be a few instances of frame drops that seem to be in the game engine rather than an actual performance hit, as the fps reader does not seem to catch them.The combat is fun and easy to learn.  It is not the usual cop out, turn based fighting mechanic used in many popular (and uprising) jrpg's.  It is free range, in a sense, and also allows you to button map different attacks with different types of damage styles and properties.  This will become very important when you are several hours into the game, as you will need to take advantage of your enemies' weaknesses.  There's also the very nice tag team system that comes into play when you get 4+ party members.  It allows you to take control of another character if your currently controlled character is near death or not working.The equipment system seems to follow the standards for any similar game as far as gaining better weapons and gear is concerned.  You can enhance your gear, and dismantel gear you don't want in order to harvest their components.One of the most important aspects is, the MUSIC!  Honestly, the music goes very well with just about everything it's used for.  It captures the mood of the different story scenerios, as well as just setting the tone of the different overworlds and dungeons you will explore.Over all, I am quite comfortable having payed 50 dollars for this.  I recommend this to anyone who enjoys story driven games with a cast of uniquely entertaining characters, and an equally enjoyable combat/gameplay system, ."
76561198128891235,Recommended,429660,29516899,Posted: 27 January,all,Snowfox,Rare to see Japanese devs take the time and money to port a game to pc that isent half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and broken. Could this be a sign that they are finaly seeing the pc marked for its true value
,Recommended,429660,29512144,Posted: 26 January,all,Aka Can't Bhop skinhub.com,loving the game
76561198111233861,Recommended,429660,29517871,Posted: 27 January,all,LP warrior,"Great game, good grapic, great storyline, love the chara, overall good game, worth for the pre-order."
76561198015505220,Recommended,429660,29512170,Posted: 26 January,all,N7,"WOW. Loving every moment of this game so far, Awesome soundtrack and 4k max settings at 60fps, this game just looks beautiful."
,Recommended,429660,29514474,Posted: 26 January,all,GazimoEnthra,"Probably my favorite Tales game yet.The characters are well developed, and it's not as cut and dry predictable as previous Tales games have been with their clear plot trajectories. Velvet is a refreshing take on the classic Tales protagonist, and the rest of the crew is brought to life by the best voice acting, hands down, of any Tales game. No more monotone voices for every skit and scene, huge props for the drastic increase in quality of the voice acting in this latest installment of Tales.The combat system feels like it took everything that worked from Zesteria and streamlined it while leaving behind the clunky multi-skill RNG chaos of the previous game.The mystic artes are gorgeous as well. Honestly everything comes together very well for this game. The only downside is that having played through Zesteria (not the best Tales game, an average one) is needed to fully appreciate the heartbreaking correlates between the stories of the two games."
76561198148966981,Recommended,429660,29751919,Posted: 6 February,all,hikiyume,edgy weeb trash. needs more magilou
,Recommended,429660,29574373,Posted: 29 January,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"Anime is love,anime is life."
76561197989535096,Recommended,429660,29521252,Posted: 27 January,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"88 hours in and I think I've just had my greatest gaming experience in 36 years.This is a must game. I thought Zestiria was awesome, this is cosmic. I can't express how much I'm in awe of this game and what the devs have created.Biggest grin ever/10"
,Recommended,429660,29520615,Posted: 27 January,all,Captain Kirk,This game is amazing <3
,Recommended,429660,29582305,Posted: 30 January,all,whyfoo,my 1st review on a video game and ill tell ya right now this is the best game ever made10/10would buy again
,Recommended,429660,32640834,Posted: 22 June,all,Ma Nem is Jeff,"I love this gameIt makes me happy, makes me sad, makes me laugh, and makes me nut.The first ""Tales of"" game that I play and I really love it."
,Recommended,429660,32662739,Posted: 22 June,all,Tenaci0us,good game
,Recommended,429660,29552058,Posted: 28 January,all,XANi,"You and your group of demons, pirates and other misfits fights the church, trying to assasinate pope/god/the chosen one, killing hundreds and ruining lives of thousands, razing cities to the ground and spawning demon armies out of survivours10/10, Would go on crusade to kill the pope again."
76561198120697093,Recommended,429660,29566247,Posted: 29 January,all,addendu,its ok
76561198219221829,Recommended,429660,29570517,Posted: 29 January,all,Jae,Far better than Zesteria. End review.
,Recommended,429660,29675452,Posted: 3 February,all,Elizabeth Olsen,i cri everitiem
,Recommended,429660,32937212,Posted: 28 June,all,Eriee,"Heartbreaking story, nice game"
,Recommended,429660,29856186,Posted: 11 February,all,Pete5506,"Outside of a few annoying characters and a weak story, Tales of Berseria is a great action base JRPG."
76561198306367388,Recommended,429660,30373717,Posted: 7 March,all,Laphicet,It's a good game but has an awful endingand the combat system needs some rework
76561198019654847,Recommended,429660,32874430,Posted: 27 June,all,Acedia,Great Game!
,Recommended,429660,29515440,Posted: 26 January,all,TheTrueProphet,"I'm not gonna sit and act like i have played the other tales of games in the series this is my first one. That being said i am a huge JRPG fan, Final Fantasy games are my favorite, that being said this game is amazing maybe not on the level of Final Fantasy but still im extremely hard to please when it comes to games, and this game does just that."
76561198112562672,Recommended,429660,29533276,Posted: 27 January,all,nickgerard23,"This game is the best tales game since vesperia, in which Vesperia was the last GREAT tales game.  This game has a much better story with better characters and is prettier then zesteria.My problem with the game is the same that I have had with the past 4 tales games, and that is the DUNGEONS!  The levl and dungeon designs in every tales game up to vesperia was filled with puzzles and was unique in its own theme, but after vesperia, dungeouns have lacked any type of puzzle solving or secrets, and have been so LAZYlyI put together. Every frickign duguon is nothign but empty hallways.  LITTERALLY.  Theres no exploration, seeing how the game tells you where to go every single time instead of you exploring and figuring it out.Also for those people giving this game a bad review because its ""censored"" ONLY ONE SCENE IS CENSORED IN THE ENTIRE GAME AND IT ONLY LASTS LIKE 30 seconds, so screw those guys.Anyways this is a good game with a great story and characters, but the only thing wrong with it is the linearity and the lack of exploration in its dungeons."
76561198163107074,Recommended,429660,29579752,Posted: 29 January,all,ignisbruno,10 times better than Zestiria.Better review when I finish it.
76561198138385297,Recommended,429660,29579442,Posted: 29 January,all,Pototo,very nice
,Recommended,429660,29566618,Posted: 29 January,all,Aiced Nil-st,12 hours in and have no problem whatsoever with game system and mechanics.Enjoying the story so far too!
76561197982581918,Recommended,429660,30498983,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,Nice story. Meh combat. 8/10
,Recommended,429660,29514817,Posted: 26 January,all,☛GE®☚,"Tales of Berseria let you take part in malevolence, hellion side other than Shepherds,seraphim side in Zestiria. In this game, you get an anti-hero characters and travel through the world to seek revenge on the Shepherds of this timeline. The plot lets you know more about Zes/Bes universe and resolve many plot holes that Zestiria left behind. BTW the graphics are greats, ways better than Zestiria and you get officially 60 FPS from the developers."
,Recommended,429660,30051270,Posted: 19 February,all,TheGreatFWT,"Good Job Body, You got to kidding me my friend."
76561198191117557,Recommended,429660,33506065,Posted: 13 July,all,✪ Sābeŕ- ✪,gg
76561198023895704,Not Recommended,429660,35373667,Posted: 1 October,all,IgnisDrakos,"I thought i enjoyed Tales of Berseria, but the further i get away from the game the more i realise i disliked the story and the world. no interest to play it again."
76561198090141267,Recommended,429660,29511193,Posted: 26 January,all,🎃They Call Him Mr. Z 🎃,"I love this game already and I'm only 10 minutes in. So far I made it to the first save point in town and I was impressed with, not only the scenery, but the characters actually show emotion (unlike a previous Tales game that shall remain nameless.) I love being able to pick up shinies, brings me back to the older Tales games like Vesperia and Symphonia. Don't forget to download the free item pack as well!For those worrying about graphics there are a variety of modifiers available as well as the ability to switch between 30 and 60 fps.Combat is the same as in Zestiria, being able to map certain artes and combo chains (with a lot more freedom in movement in battle unlike it's predescessor.) I haven't gotten far enough into the equipment portion, but it seems to have been toned downed tremendously from the previous installment, eliminating much confusion it had caused.After playing for nearly two hours I must say that this game is an entire rollercoaster of emotion and has a much darker tone and several plot twists that I didn't see coming.Edit: Will add more as I continue to play and discover more things.Also, if you're downvoting all the positive/reccomended reviews because you don't like the fact it has ""Denuvo"" please get off Steam and find something more productive to do with your life."
,Recommended,429660,29512133,Posted: 26 January,all,Volkanfury,It's good and well optimized
76561198069509620,Recommended,429660,29525155,Posted: 27 January,all,vahdyx,"Great game, and great prequel to Tales of Zesteria. I can't say enough positive things!"
,Recommended,429660,29516290,Posted: 26 January,all,Favorties,its great
76561198061381323,Recommended,429660,29524745,Posted: 27 January,all,biotex,"This is the Tales game you've been looking for!They nailed the combat mechanics, upscaled 4k@ 60fps still looks decent, and Velvet is pretty badass. Haven't had this much fun since Vesperia."
76561198042234000,Recommended,429660,29537606,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr Moopsy,"At time of review im like 8 hours in.The question everyone asks, or thinks. Do I need to play the other ""Tales"" games first? NOPE. Maybe some things lore wise might be easier to understand. But I havnt played any other of the games. Jumped into this one. It is 99% its own game and self contained story as far as I can tell. I dont feel like im missing anything.Story: Its good. I want to know what will happen next. At the same time it feels sort of average though. It gets the message across, it just fails to deliver that message with emotional attachment. At least for me.Combat: Lots of fun! Usually I cringe and try to avoid fights like crazy unless i Need the xp. This game, that is not the case. I started the game on normal for when I was in town. After the starter town I switched to hard because I had a grasp of things. Blocking and dodging is VERY important.^Ill add, the combat is good, but after you get your ultimate abilities...then the combat is fantastic.There are also ""regular monsters"" and if the game sees you are doing really good, it creates ""Dire"" monsters. Basically SUPER strong miniboss type creatures that make for insanely hard but rewarding fights.TLDR: if you watched the trailer. Have a vaugue idea of what this game is and how it plays...are at all thinking about buying it. Do yourself a favor. Buy it. Have lots of fun.I think it is worth full price. I usually wont say that. I was also craving this type of game recently.You can always refund. But you wont want to."
76561198081064214,Recommended,429660,29514071,Posted: 26 January,all,theshining7,This Tales is awsome andsexy. Oh yeah
76561198017050553,Recommended,429660,29515840,Posted: 26 January,all,[TDS-G] VLAD the Encapsulator,Pulchritudinous.
,Recommended,429660,32634883,Posted: 21 June,all,Prisma,Love
76561198073507168,Recommended,429660,29622357,Posted: 31 January,all,AcegiYJ,ʕ•̫͡•ʕ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʕ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʕ•̫͡•ʕ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʕ•̫͡•ʔ•̫͡•ʔ♡I will alway support tale series!!!!\（＞д＜）/ \（＞д＜）/ \（＞д＜）/
76561198220452377,Recommended,429660,29539106,Posted: 28 January,all,DatBoi,"Very fun, well worth a try."
,Recommended,429660,29526574,Posted: 27 January,all,Stepkaj,Just awesome game
,Recommended,429660,32569243,Posted: 19 June,all,Magnatusu,"Segundo melhor Tales of já criado, mais memorável que Zestiria : D"
76561198016214472,Recommended,429660,31163610,Posted: 15 April,all,Masakari,"Fun story, terrible combat. Monotonous, dull, unwavering in repetition."
76561198005301079,Recommended,429660,29512292,Posted: 26 January,all,TheTrueZephyr,Velvet deserves to just live a happy life. This is some buuuuullshit.
,Recommended,429660,29519504,Posted: 27 January,all,predhasia,nice storynice boobies
,Recommended,429660,29518020,Posted: 27 January,all,DORA THE DESTROYER,DESTROYED AN ENTIRE FAMILY OF BOARS AND NO ♥♥♥♥S WERE GIVEN
,Recommended,429660,29512161,Posted: 26 January,all,メアウムーム,HYPE I LOVE TALES GAME
,Recommended,429660,29536907,Posted: 28 January,all,Shaw Cable Guy,main char roundhouse kicks a 8 yr old boy trying to kamikaze her ARTORRIUSSSSSSS/10
,Recommended,429660,31701411,Posted: 12 May,all,ivir,"Finally, a good tales game."
76561198140447462,Recommended,429660,29604144,Posted: 31 January,all,JDMikan,This game shows me how to be a sadistic yet caring shotacon looks like . 10/10
76561198151472255,Recommended,429660,29599568,Posted: 30 January,all,Beru-San,Love it. :)
,Recommended,429660,33155301,Posted: 2 July,all,kyse2,great game :D
76561198035706021,Not Recommended,429660,33891844,Posted: 29 July,all,Keks der Weisen,"Well this is quite a hard choice... up or down... I had fun, but I think the downsides are a bit to many to recomend that game at a cost over 15 Euro...Let me explain (as if you have a choice ;) )I really liked the story, the characters AND the talking. Man there was a lot of talking! It would have been a great anime to watch.But as a game... It had two major downsides for me:The leveldesign is beyond boring... huge areas filled with a vast amound of nothingness and to make it really tedious, you have to walk through several levels again and again. there is a beaming system, but it is not as nice as it could be. Often it is locked, because the walking will trigger a conversation between the charakters... which, as I said, I really enjoyed, but why does the game make me walk for several minutes through empty levels for that?Especially at one point of the story. There you have to walk down in a cellar of a big building... and out again... again... and again. the building itself is  constructed out of the same 10 assets in every corner and the layout makes no practical sense at all (this is the fact for every building!). For example: who builds a sewer with 6m high walls and hallways about 10m wide? makes no sense! ok this is common for jrpgs and hack n slays... but still.Second downside: the fighting!And you do it A LOT... the system is rather fun, but  I still prefer the one from Symphonia, at least it is not as horrible as in Zestaria. But it is so easy! ""Why don't you raise the difficulty?"" you may ask... because higher difficulties than ""normal"" only means LESS xp... and thats a poor way of making it harder. You'll just end up grinding for hours, which for me is not fun at all. So I began skipping the fights after about 25 hours in the game. I just fought when a new type of enemy showed up and killed them once. Besides that I only fought bosses and some of the special ""hard"" monsters which I encountered on my way (I did not search all of them). But I had never any trouble defeating them. This caused the last boss to be 12 levels above my group. This fight was a bit challenging, but I still beat him on my frst go. All the other fights, whith only very few exceptions were a cake walk... I'm not a fan of hard or unfair games, never the less a bit of challange makes the gameplay interesting.other little downsides:- I liked the story, but it is quite forseeable... Symphonia did a much better job on that part.- the ""crafting system"" is anoying... ok, You don't have to buy anything ever, because you can easiely desmantle the warehouse of stuff you always carry arround (defeating a strong enemy spawns about 5 swords, 3 pairs of boots, 2 sets of armor and several rings) and upgrade the equipment you gave the group... but that kinda takes the fun out of looting or finding something special... because the upgraded stuff is in most cases better than any special weapon.- Bienfu has a really nasty voice (english) and he talks a lot.... BIEEEEEEN!- there is no exploring because there is nothing to explore.little upsides:- playing the bad people who want to stop the chosen one is refreshing for a change- battles contain a serious amount of wooosh-the-screen-is-full-of-pink-explosions-while-all-characters-screem-something... yes I like that... sometimes- an antique, magic, stone-hoverboard, which lets you move faster an overrun weak enemies, nice!- the feeling of releave, when the point in the story is reached, where the little girl with the smokey-bar-voice finally stops whining all the time, sadly she never starts to sing classic jazz ...To come to an end:- I recomend this game only in a sale for about 15 Euro tops.- my playtime is the pure story playthrough without getting much into the 3 sidequests and without grinding (because it`s really not neccassary)... and listening to ALL conversations I could find of cause.- Why are there mods to make the game even easier? Do you want to play it with one hand, because you seriously paid the ridicules amount of money for the beachclothing DLC? :D- English is not my native laguage, so if you've found any errors in my text, you are free to keep them... yes really! Take them as token of my graditude for reading this long review. ;)"
,Recommended,429660,29591908,Posted: 30 January,all,That's No Moon,"Look at clock 08:00 ,look again at clock 20:00.WTF"
76561198104535134,Recommended,429660,29514337,Posted: 26 January,all,Lontum,"""Why is it that birds fly?""""**** YOU, OLD MAN.""-how the conversation should have gone."
76561198062483455,Recommended,429660,29516239,Posted: 26 January,all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"Update.Turns out my drivers had reset. Decided to check them on a hunch and they had reverted back to some older version even though I had just updated the new one.Works perfectly at 60 FPS with max settings now.------------------Brilliant so far. Lots of recycled assets from Zestiria, but that's okay. The story is fantastic, and other than the kind of crummy soul system in combat, the gameplay is good too."
76561198079786524,Recommended,429660,29578764,Posted: 29 January,all,Monsters-King,gg
,Recommended,429660,33963774,Posted: 1 August,all,Rei,"Great Game, I realy like this game!"
76561198101196860,Not Recommended,429660,32350188,Posted: 11 June,all,blunderbus,"Not a bad game, I just don't see the appeal.If you've played a Tales game before and liked it, you probably won't hate this. There's just nothing new in this one. Same sketches, very similar battle system, mediocre storyline with few surprises. Many of the items are the same, same move names, very similar grade system. The customization system is adequate, the characters are a mix of one dimensional cutouts and joke characters where I was wondering why they were tagging along."
,Not Recommended,429660,34214407,Posted: 13 August,all,aquagiraffe,"Tales of Berseria is the sixteenth (wow who knew?) entry in the popular Tales series of JRPGs by Bandai Namco Entertainment released Jan. 24th 2017.Berseria shares the same world as the previous game in the series, Tales of Zestiria however it takes place in the distant past. The plot of the game is your standard fare for anime/JRPGs. You play as Velvet Crowe, a small town girl who loses her family through a mixture of betrayal and a disease known as daemonblight. Velvet becomes infected with daemonblight and transforms into a special daemon who feeds off of eating other daemons. After spending three years in prison Velvet escapes and vows to hunt down her betrayers. All in all not a terrible story but nothing groundbreaking.Characters are much the same, with the familiar archetypes that have been seen over and over again. You get new party members for battle at a nice pace and the VA work is acceptable. While there are some good characters here, they fit into the same tropes you would see in any JRPG or Anime and none leave a lasting impression.Gameplay in Berseria is also fairly cliche. You spend time split between traveling between towns collecting information/quests and in dungeons. The dungeon layouts are fairly linear with some branching paths that will circle back around to the main path after a room or two. Enemies will wander around the areas and if contacted will begin a battle sequence which is my biggest gripe with the game.Combat in Berseria is a lot like a real time version of the combat in the Hyperdimension series. You are given a variety of different attacks that before a battle (or in the pause menu during a battle) can be chained together and assigned to a button. Each attack usually has a type of enemy that it deals bonus damage to and these bonuses can also be chained together for even more damage. Additionally you have to manage your “souls” which is basically the number of attacks you can perform in a chain before having to stop and recharge. You start a battle with 3 and can gain or lose them based on defeating enemies in each encounter or you can lose them by using some of your special attacks. In tougher battles you have the option of expending souls in an attack called a “break soul” These are large powerful attacks that cost you a soul but also heal you for a percentage of damage dealt.While all this sounds good in theory, most battles come down to examining the enemies when a battle starts and creating a attack chain that will give the optimal bonus damage followed by smashing that button over and over again until the battle is over. The combat ended up being really simplistic and much like FF XIII I was often just smashing the X button every encounter and coming out just fine.I’ve always been a big fan of JRPGs with the Chrono series and Persona being some of my favorites but don’t feel the genre has aged particularly well. Gameplay and combat never seems to evolve enough to feel like a truly new experience and while that may be fine for some, in a year where great game after great game is being released Berseria doesn’t set itself apart.Tales of Berseria is a fine game and if you are a fan of the series I think the advancements to the combat system in this entry will delight you but I still came out of the experience feeling like I have played this game before. There just isn’t enough variety in the gameplay or a story that is captivating enough for me to enjoy playing a game this long (~50 hours) the whole way through. While there are some good parts here, overall the game doesn’t do enough to distinguish itself in a very crowded genre and I can only recommend it to true fans of the series.Score: 5/10https://anotherlevelreviews.com/2017/05/14/tales-berseria-review/"
76561198131672271,Recommended,429660,33054905,Posted: 30 June,all,Koyuki Himekawa,Cuteness Awaits!....^_^
,Not Recommended,429660,30019430,Posted: 18 February,all,thearomalady,"For me, I can't understand why this game has such a high rating. Even after beating it, I felt nothing happened in the game at all. Unlike past Tales games, the goal is set for you at the very beginning of the game after the prologue and it keeps heading to that goal- past games have had arcs. For instance, with Vesperia it was getting the Aque Blastia and with Abyss, it was freeing Luke from his manor's constraints- the ending of those plot arcs in Ghasfarost and Akzeriuth led neatly into a plot that ended in a fake-out ending before you began the real final plot. I still feel more happened between the start of those games and their midpoint fake-out endings in Zaude and the Absorption Gate than happened in Berseria from the beginning to the final dungeon. The plot is, simply put, very linear and dull compared to past Tales games.But that's just a small problem compared to how downright detestable the protagonist is. I find Velvet has no redeeming qualities until very late game. Any moment of kindness she displays is swiftly contradicted by her reasoning for saying or doing it or by what she says next (which is usually selfish or heartless if not both). In the prologue, she's an incredibly bland person. The game even CALLS her ""plain"" and ""ordinary"" later on. However post-time skip, she's got exactly one personality trait and because of it, she forces the aforementioned problem with the linear plot. By the time she gets a real personality outside revenge, the game is nearly over. They did a similar thing with Yuri from Vesperia but with Yuri, his vigilante schtik was temporary, did not drive the plot, and did not make up his entire character. Due to Velvet's personality, the group lacks any sense of companionship. That is, I do not feel any of them really like each other, apart from Laphicet towards the group (which is reciprocated with Eleanor), and between Eleanor and Rokurou (optionally with Rokurou, as many of their scenes and skits are in sidequests, but he is the one who saves her life in a plot scene, which is more than I can say for most anyone else in the party). I feel most of them are there out of convenience or obligation more than because they want to. Even Jade, Raven, and Zelos warmed up to everyone in the party and grew to genuinely care for them. Furthermore, I don't feel the characters go through much development. Magilou is at least mysterious enough that this isn't a bother.Now, the smaller things. First off, the rather boring if not awful costumes you can get in-game. I get that DLC is a thing, but there's no reason why the best costumes you get in the game should be the ones they start with. I like the winter costumes for Eizen and Magilou, and I think Velvet's swimsuit (the in-game black one) is all right since it looks like a cute black dress, but frankly, I feel the Normin costumes should have been DLC and not make up the majority of the costumes you can earn. If you are going to go through the trouble of making costumes that change the music, and then allow you to turn the music off, then make different costumes for each music theme, as was done with Eleanor. Second, I like the costume and cooking skits, why have I not seen one yet? I love skits. Third, the menu screen is really boring-looking since it's overly simplistic and also doesn't work with my controller for some reason, I have to use my keyboard. Relating to the costumes, some of the attachments are really disappointing. The right-swept bangs (or either of them really) stick out if only because THAT was the attachment for the Tales of the Abyss reference island, Cheagle Island, in the Expedition game. I was thoroughly excited to finally get the location, and THAT is my prize? Think of the people who really love that game and ask yourself if that's the prize they'd want, when you can get a Repede balloon and a Lloyd doll from the Vesperia and Symphonia islands. The reference islands should all have given you a reference item, not some miscellanious items like animal ears or swimsuit costumes. Those should have been findable in chests in optional dungeons, or been another reward for clearing the Class 4 islands.Another little thing is that sometimes, the skit subtitles do NOT match with the spoken dialogue, especially in the skits at the end of the game you see doing sidequests (the quest regarding the 29th Code Red Daemon stand out in my memory as being littered with errors).I also didn't like how most of the Code Red prizes are irrelevant unless you play on a higher mode nor do I like how the higher modes were constructed- the reason I refused to do them was the lack of EXP earned, which the game already doesn't give out a lot of EXP to work with. I hate how ""level grinding"" is equated with ""making games harder"". With the aforementioned Code Red enemies giving you absolutely no experience at all (not counting the ones, like the Weighty Witch, who have support in the battle). I also find the second Mystic Artes hard to trigger, since they trigger exactly the same way as the first ones, and the acquesition of gage points to be difficult. Speaking of, I prefer the HP/TP method, not the HP/Soul method. I constantly run out of Souls because it's the only way to attack, since normal attacks have been removed and everything is an arte now. The battle system overall is a little complicated as is weapon enhancement and the Random Skills. There's so much to do in both departments that I can't even be bothered with trying to get Item Collector.That aside, I didn't totally HATE the game, exactly. But it sure as hell wasn't worth what I paid for it.I like that costumes are totally separete from the titles now, and that each title does something and tells you what it does.  I like Eleanor, Eizen, Magilou, and Rokurou as characters. I like how many recipes there are. I like most of the characters that aren't in the party. The game itself is gorgeous to look at, and some of the battles are legitimately hard. I liked the references to older Tales games you can find all over the place. I liked some of the sidequests. And I like the way the AIs work in battle. Sometimes they do use resisted artes, but they're not spamming high-cost attacks for nothing and the two spellcasters stay the hell out of battle like good spellcasters. On the downside of things, though (but this isn't much of a complaint), I haven't used Rokurou or Laphicet in battle much at all because Magilou, Eizen, and Eleanor can all heal and have better healing artes than Laphicet. I don't mind not using them, but I do wish I had a reason to. I really like the cutscenes that play after you approach the final boss all the way through the end of the game, but it doesn't fix the game.Oh, the best part of the game is the AI. They're really competent and actually follow the Strategy settings ridiculously well. I can leave the entire team on Auto and watch the battle while I eat, and nobody in the party dies. Magilou and Laphicet, your mages, stay out of the way and don't use their melee attacks (unlike past mages, where to stop them using their melee moves you'd have to turn them off). Honestly, the only problem is they don't abide by what an enemy is weak to/resists.I cannot recommend Tales of Berseria unless everything I just talked about doesn't sound a complaint to you. If you want to play a Tales game here on Steam, pick up Symphonia. If you want my overall opinion on the Tales series, check out Abyss, which is my all-time favourite game, period.I mean, you can see how many hours I've clocked in. I played the entire thing, did sidequests, and I just didn't enjoy it.Oh, I nearly forgot. One last complaint- every damn enemy drops weapons, so your inventory fills up fast. I wish there were a way to turn that off. NEVER do that again, Namco-Bandai. Only make special enemies drop weapons. This drives me up the wall, since it means I have to spend untold hours it eh shop clearing out my inventory."
,Recommended,429660,33206134,Posted: 3 July,all,Not Omegaphize,hmm?? hmm?? hmmmm hmm
,Not Recommended,429660,30248726,Posted: 28 February,all,Muzical,"First things first: my first Tales of game was Zestiria, the prequel to this, and that's still the only other Tales game besides this that I've finished.  I'll try not to make this entirely a compare/contrast, though.PC specifically, Zestiria was virtually a perfect port (I really don't care about framerate lock; it's a minor annoyance, if that.)  I was able to use my USB wired Xbox 360 controller and it worked flawlessly.  I pretty much could FORGET that I was playing a port of a PS3 title.  Not so with Berseria.  With both that controller and my PS3 controller, the D-pad and right joystick were 100% invisible.  I HAD to use Steam's controller or keyboard/mouse.  There's no excuse for that.  I hate Steam's controller and about the only reason I haven't snapped it in half yet is games like this.  The ""Special K"" fix fixed that for a while, but then it magically stopped working.The English subtitles: Buggy. As. Heck.  I'm autistic, so I retain material best when I'm reading it more than hearing it.  Because of this, I tend to play with English dub and subtitles on.  This only highlighted the MANY syntax errors in the latter.  It frequently read like someone had used automated software to ""listen"" to the dub and then try and automatically translate that to text, because oftentimes the errors SOUNDED like what the subtitles were supposed to say, like phonetically had similar sounds, but it would be sheer nonsesnse.  Basically, the anti-dub elitists were reading incorrect dialogue, especially on sidequests and towards the end of the game it REALLY got noticible.  Again, there is ZERO excuse for this.  It just screams how rushed-to-market the English game was.  I can blame QA, and I do, but I also blame fans to make companies feel like they'll lose money if they DON'T rush.  I'd rather wait than have a half-done rushed product.***So how about the game itself, ne?***Boring.  Freaking. Boring.  If this was Origin and I had the ""great game guarentee"" I would have returned this before finishing because I was that bored.  Velvet may be the ""first solo female protag"" of a Tales game, but like Hillary's POTUS campaign, they couldn't have chosen a character less worthy of the honor.  For over 3/4 of the game, Velvet's characterization is one-dimensional, bland, boring.  OK, we get it, you're angry and angsty and a wannabe-edgelord.  Zestiria may not have had a ton of character growth, either, but at least Sorey isn't insufferable the entire time.  Velvet plays one tune, and a rather irritating one at that.  The game's pacing is sloooooooooooooow ""Why am I doing this?"" and doesn't pick up until the last quarter.  THEN things start happening.  ""Dark, edgy, angry"" gets REALLY old, REALLY fast.  I liked Zestiria because it was lighthearted, because there was no denying that Sorey's the ""good guy,"" trying to make the world a better place.  Berseria....nope.  I can't speak for everyone, but I don't like playing a self-centered angsty brat who acts like she's the only person in all of human history ever to suffer.  She'll bark at the Abbey for ""forcing their beliefs on others,"" when SHE is perfectly happy to force her anger and misery on anyone and everyone within earshot.  I'm not saying Velvet doesn't have valid reason to feel the way she does, but that does NOT give her the right to be a butt to everyone else.  Period.  She could have been a sympathetic character, but she's totally not because she handles every problem that comes her way in the most selfish and irresponsible ways humanly possible.  Maybe she appeals to millenials, but I'm not one and I can't sympathize with her at all because of her horrible conduct.  You don't get to play the ""good guys,"" you just get to play the ""less horrible guys.""If you skip skits besides the ones the game forces you to watch, you'll miss what little movement there IS in this game, so you will probably spend the largest chunk of this game in cut scenes and skits.  I felt Zestiria had a better balance between cut scenes, skits, fighting, etc.  (That said, Berseria makes it far easier to SEE that there IS a skit TO view; I hated that about Zestiria, that the prompt was so easy to miss and walk away from.)For the most part, Bersiera's menus are Zestiria's with a different color scheme, though they DID get rid of that obnoxiously over-complicated skill-staking nonsense and etc.  I'm not *thrilled* with what's in its place, but it's better.  You can't fuse weapons anymore, but enchancing is almost impossible past +3 or +4.  I got Eizen's bracelet (his weapon) to +10, but it was just before the final dungeon and everyone else's gear capped around +4.  Once you get something to +3, have fun waiting a while before you can buy or loot gear that's better than that.  I very nearly considered buying gear JUST to break it down for mats.I liked Zestiria's ""save point warping"" fast travel, even when they disabled it.  If you had enough gald, which I always did, you could pretty much warp to your heart's content.  Yeah, they got rid of that in Berseria.  For all intents and purposes, there's pretty much NO FAST TRAVEL.  There's some hacky substitutes, but, until you get the bottomless travel bottles, it's frustrating as heck.  ONE wrong warp and you might not have enough bottles.Oh yeah, and you know that hoverboard that was in the demo and the promo videos and all that?  You won't get that until about 75% through the game, and you can't use it in an area until you find a green whisp on the ground and touch it.  Sometimes those are located near the end of a dungeon, or in some area that you ONLY would go to if you're looking for that point, because there's no other reason to go there.  The board itself is also horrible to steer, especially if you're trying to collect katz souls for the chests, (which you have to do if you want to use the fashion menu.  You can't just walk up to those chests and loot them like you could in Zestiria.)I will say the dub voices are perfect.  (Artorius, Velvet, and Eizen are real standouts to me.  I could listen to Artorius' and Eizen's dub voices all day XD)Several of the dungeons, including the final one, also waaaaaaaaaay overstayed their welcomes.  I get that some people want to explore, but I don't; I want to get in, do my thing, and get out and move on with the story.  Combat and dungeons both just felt like obnoxious obsticles to be overcome between plot points.  Zestiria, at least fighting hellions has some plot value.  Velvet's just mowing down anything with the audacity to breathe the same air as her.The main value to this game for me?  Explaining how Eizen winds up where he does in Zestiria, and how he and Zaveid formed the promise they did.  The rest...I could've gotten from a book much more enjoyably.TL;DR: You're better off watching a Let's Play if you really want the lore that badly, and just scrubbing through the game's many, many boring parts.  Most of the game is just watching cut scenes anyway.  Seriously, if it's on sale and you're a die-hard Tales of fan, or just a Zestiria fan, then sure, go for it, but I would save $50 if you're not.  (Not to mention the almost $90 in DLC...)"
,Not Recommended,429660,35140062,Posted: 22 September,all,❤  ❤  ❤,"What i think of Berseria:I don't like it,half of the time i run across the map and try to avoid fighting angry creatures (just like in pokemon). Its not ''open world'' in my opinion, since you can't really explore because you can't go anywhere but the way you have to go anyway, and also the leveldesign is pretty poor. The combat is unnecessary complicated and its pretty much every time the same, if it's a boss or a normal beast..The music is good but often annoying, because you hear one track for 10 minutes or it just does not fit to the situation. The equipment, weapon and upgrade system is okay i guess but something like speacial weapons/items you really try to get doesn't exist.One of the few really good parts of the game are the charakters, every important char has his own speacial ambitions and development. The story is good but also very lengthy -  i really wish it would be way shorter..The graphics are average, berseria does not look bad but also not really good, its just... average (not that i could play any good looking games lel). The design of the world and the charakters are (totally subjektive) moderate, nothing speacial i think.4/10 - wouldn't buyit's 1:34am, big thanks going out to google translator and my brain"
76561198016290420,Recommended,429660,29511239,Posted: 26 January,all,Binnes,It's good.
,Not Recommended,429660,29781426,Posted: 8 February,all,ItsBoshyTime,"How did is it possible to make a game as empty as this one ?Dont get me wrong, it's pretty, and the the combat system is good, but it's worthless if the rest of the game is bland.The dungeons are corridors, sometimes you have to go around the wall to push a button to open the door, otherwise it's ""follow the map to the quest marker"". Not a single pluzzle, nothing. No interraction. You had this nice engine and all we end up with is huge empty rooms with shiny dots to collect to get some new cloth.What the hell Bandai ? I had more fun in YMIR'S FOREST than anything Berseria has made me do so far.Half the main cast is having an edgyness/stereotype contest but i'll grant you that the other half is midly intresting.This game feels like a pacman simulator with a bit of fighting in between.Still playing through because i actually spend money on this but please send help i might die of boredom.Maybe my expectations were too high after playing Symphonia and Phantasia."
76561198037561255,Not Recommended,429660,31729159,Posted: 13 May,all,Anima,"Plainly compared to it's predecessor Tales of Zestiria which was a catastrophy this opus of the ""Tales of"" series shines only by it's better character design and that's only the graphic design as their personalities are still overly simplistic and lacking any real charm.The world is in the past of Zestiria's which is sad as I found Zestiria's world and themes to be entirely unappealing. No Overworld map of course. It seems the days of games possessing overworld maps are done. No more exploring entire worlds. Now it's just go from place 1-2 to place 1-3 then to place 2-1....The crafting sytem has been blessedly simplified, in response to heavy critcism of Zestiria's I expect. However it is still inspired from Zestiria's and the Normin system was replaced with simple RANDOM generation of equipment skills.... So as is ever sadly the case with many japanese games the designers show their utter lack of respect for our time (and money) in implementing such systems which are extremely time-consuming while being absolutely no fun at all. Yes complex systems are the bread and butter of J-rpgs but they still need to be fun. When will they finally learn from their mistakes? Game = Fun. Overly complicatred sytems which add nothing to the game with random factors to make them more time consuming and thus artificially prolong the game life expectancy = NO FUN. It is a contracdiction of gaming.The game also has a TON of enemies on EVERY dungeon or map or whatever. It's endless and completely breaks the rythm of the story.Another annoying thing is the skits. Tradition in the ""Tales of"" series the skits in Berseria are both endless in terms of inane dialogues and many tend to sprout well.... all the time. So there you have another artificial prolongation of game time. Now I'm so bored with them I just button mash through them and guess what? I can still follow the story just fine and don't feel like the charcters have any less depth than they had before (which was not much to begin with as I stated previously).As for the story.... No comment. But then that was never the ""Tales of"" strong point to begin with.So yeah, disappointed. Wouldn't have bought it if I had known."
,Not Recommended,429660,30061109,Posted: 20 February,all,Almighty Ju,"I can't understand how this is rated so highly, I struggled to keep going to the end and had to force myself to complete it.For me the story started out with a lot of promise with its dark theme but then at some point it just forgot about that and keept going for the same goal as what you learn right at the begining. Simply put wow factor I've come to expect from tales stories just wasn't there.The combat is fun but can be a bit repativie but I still quite enjoyed it, as for the levels tho there's no puzzles, they're just simply head towards the marker and maybe do some battles and open some chests on the way which give you nothing all that special. The last few levels I found myself just avoiding battles entierly because the levels we're simply massive and you end up running around the same places so much you'll just spend hours on getting to the next story bit.If you're a die hard fan of tales games then sure get it because it is fun but don't expect to want to do a ng+, I would rather go and play symphonia again."
,Not Recommended,429660,31571314,Posted: 5 May,all,BadRequest,"I was very optimistic going into this game given the plethora of good reviews for it.  I am not leaving this review to slander or help improve the game but only to inform likeminded players.Below is some pertinent information about me.  If you don't hold these same characteristics my review should not carry a lot of weight for you.- I generally dont care much about story.  I aim more for quality gameplay.- This is my first tales game.- My favorite RPG aspects include a wide array of item selection and character customization and tuning.- I like boundlessly difficult games.- I am a big fan of the Final Fantasy series.Story:I am not super drawn in by the story at this point.  To me its no FF7 or something that I am likely to remember as long as I have retained the story of FF7.  The absolute biggest problem that I have with this game centers around the story,  and that is that much of the time you aren't actually playing the game.  There is so many cutscenes and dialog in this game that it feels more like you are influencing the direction of a movie rather than playing a game.  While many of these can be skipped I've committed to watching them since players rage about the story in this game,  and commiting to watch them sometimes means that you will have potentially 3 or 4 chained dialog cutscenes between the characters that I thus far (about 30 hours) have not cared much about.  One caveat here is that I generally skip the stories in games and an more engaged in quality gameplay.Graphics:The graphics IMO are at least a decade old.  I don't expect crysis(2007) however games like FFXV at least appear to be trying to push out good visuals.  This game does not try.  I don't generally mind the character art, however all of the levels and character animations in the open world seem really dated.Battle:I find the battle system to be okay.  I don't think its anything special but it does do well as an RPG breaking away from your average turn based system.I also don't know how to characterize this however this game does not seem to have a huge selection of gear, it doesn't seem to have any skill points or talent trees."
76561198093428842,Not Recommended,429660,29808392,Posted: 9 February,all,caes,well i Loved to play all tales of games but there are some problems which have gone from bad to worse.the main char is a kind of antihero but in the colourfull cheering world its just not fitting  but thats my taste. to the worse part ... it sucks so hard to run around and get lost because every &%$§(/& room looks the same i played 16 hours but i swear 10 of them was just running arou8nd searching my way. to top it i was so frustrated about that that i cheated ... the first time ever in my life i cheated in an rpg ... just to run faster. Some of the dialog is really good but most parts are just boring and you find yourself hammering the a button.anyways i still like and play it but 50€ is way to much for dungeons that look like phantasy star online 1 on gamecube!!!!the fighting is fun(though i just understand 40% of the fighting system itself) the story in an nutshell is cool (very talesof-ish)but the improvments of your char is about mastering abilitys of items ... which is in my opinion a very bad idea cause you find yourself swapping items just for the benefit after 50 fights but with crappy equip which in return you just give another char that does not benefit from it other than that damn +5 attack. improvement feels like an eternetyend of the day blindly swapping items while trying to understand the fighting rules running around with no clue and dungeons you are afraid of going in them cause you can get lost for an hour♥♥♥♥♥♥childishbonbon world with berserk fighting system well if thats not uniquefor 20 bucks it would be ok
,Not Recommended,429660,30040934,Posted: 19 February,all,fearseeker,"Short version:Combat is bad, story starts strong but doesn't go anywhere, Level-design is grindy. Skip this one, unless you are starved for a Tales Games.Long Version:This review will be aimed at those, allready familiar with Tales-Games, and will contain minor spoilers in the Story section.1. Combat:The gameplay dies a death of thousand cuts. You are battling in real-time, on a 3d map, as expected from the newer tales games. New are the so called ""SOULS"" which limit the amount of attacks you can do, and can be gained and lost through different actions and items. In addition every Character gets some form of special ability which consumes a SOUL but are stronger than normal attacks, and usually allow you to create longer combo-chains. Why should you care about your combo? The damage your characters deal is directly tied to the height of your combo-counter.The idea is interesting in its core concept, but it has a really big flaw in it's execution: You either completely wipe the floor with your enemies, or you get reduced to hit and run tactics slowly grinding away at your enemies health bar.You gain Souls by executing combos, and to execute combos you need souls. If your combo count is low, it's more likely that you'll get stunned by an enemy, which in turn will reduce your SOULS and the ability to do combos.There are some mechanics in place to mitigate this effect, but they will be handed to you fairly late in the game, and they consume BG, which - you guessed it - can be gained by performing attacks with SOULS.During Boss battles this effect becomes even more severe, as most bosses have some form of hard to dodge attack, that reduces your SOULS.If this was the only problem of the game, it would have a mediocre battle system, but saddly it isn't.The controll Scheme seemingly aims to streamline the usual button-mashing battle style that Tales Games are known for. Allowing you to customize pre-set combos to each button, and changing the attack according to which place in the combo you have reached. You can transition seemlessly between each combo, at any point, in theory allowing you to map up to 4 x 4 atacks (4 buttons with four stages for each combo), as well as some non-combo commands.In practice this controll scheme is just plain counterintuitive. Instead of knowing which attack is assigned to which button, you have to constantly keep track, of exactly where in your combo your are at the moment, to know which atack will be executed by each button press. On top of that, it actually reduced the amount of atacks and abilities you can bind, when compared to the classical tales system (4 buttons + 4x4 button and direction combos). Maybe this system could work, if it wouldn't add further ""administrative overhead"" to a system that allready hinged heavily on timing, blocking, and how you chained certain attacks.The final nail in the coffin is the approach to enemy design. Every enemy deals large ammounts of damage, meaning you  largely rely on keeping your enemies staggered by piling on attacks.Bosses are largely immune to beeing staggered.....Entire sections had their mood completely ruined, because, what was supposed to be a climatic battle, devolved into a benny hill routine, a I ran away from the bosses ""if I hit you once, you will spend the next 2 hours watching me as I stagger you to death""-attacks.2. Other GameplayThe developers still havn't quite understood that they don't have a overworld map anymore, and they approach their map design with the same design-philosophy as you would design classical JRPG-dungeons, meaning you are in for a marathon session of the less-than-stellar combat. There is little to distract you from the Slay-athon, as nearly all traces of puzzling have been eliminated from the game. Instead of puzzles you get a bunch of fancy buttons (runes, crystals, fancy chalices, ...), each with their own fancy animation, but with little to offer to actual gameplay.The equipment system is not as absurdely cumbersome as in Zestiria, but you still will spend a unhealthy amount of time staring at your inventory, sorting through the long list of generic generated Loot. If you just thought about just equiping the weapon with the strongest attack value and selling the rest, say hello to the newly added ""mastery"" and crafting system. Now it's all but required that you learn to like your new job as ""Senior Inventory Manager"" if you want your weapons to do a decent amount of damage.The lack of unique or even just interesting items also means that there is little worth to exploring. Gold chests, which - according to the game - contain unique high level loot, will reward your with the same generic items you just got from fighting a random enemy.There are some non-required mini-games throughout the world, which are decently well implemented... which would be more impressive if they weren't the same kind of minigame that every JRPG since Final Fantasy I used.Also there is a time-based side-mission - as in: Click the button. Wait 30 Minutes. Receive random reward which you can't influence in any meaningfull way.If I didn't know better, I'd think that BAMCO played arround with the idea of micro-transactions, but they would never do that, would they now? *sarcasm end*For those of you that like to play dress-up with their characters, the custom parts are locked behind a collectible currency... which lies pretty much everywhere and makes the world look like a sonic stage... and also respawns whenever you leave the area... and will be needed in such amounts that you will have to revisit a lot of areas...You know, if one was of a more cynical nature than I am, one could assume that this has something to do with the custome-dlc that was released, but that would be all together to crass now, wouldn't it?3. StoryThe story is damn shame, and might very well be the source of much of my vitriol concerning this game.!SPOILERS - and ranting - aheady!The game starts strong, setting the protagonist up as some revenge driven anti-hero, with a very large helping of ""anti"". This works really well for a while. As the player, you are constantly aware of just how hypocritical the protagonist' actions are, and it honestly feels like a good tragedy, to watch the protagonist slip over the moral even horizon.Then the game reveals, that you were actually supposed to root for the protagonist...The same protagonist that has left a trail of bodies behind her, that makes Gengis Khan seem squeamish in comparison.So what does the game feel, justifies all the horrible acts that were committed throughout the game?The character was nice to a little kid and didn't kill ""everybody"" that was in her way.By the way, Hitler wasn't such a bad fellow. I mean he had a pet dog he took good care of, he can't have been a complete monster... *sarcasm end*This wouldn't bother me as much if, from that point onwards, the whole universe wouldn't bend back over backwards to make the protagonist seem like a good person.All of the antagonists suddenly start eating babies, kicking dogs, and peeing in the public pool, to the point that all of their so far revealed motivations and character traits just go out the window.All of your horrible actions just so happen to have been justified (completely ignoring the fact, that the protagonist had now way of knowing that when she committed said acts) - or are simply brushed aside by the protagonist saying ""I accept that people will view me as a monster."".ME: ""Oh, how nice! Does that mean you will stop acting like a complete monster?""Protagonist: ""No.""ME: ""Good to know. I will now start running away screaming if you don't mind.""Oh, and Zaveid is back. Because of all the Zestiria Characters, I really wanted to see the badly written piece of emtpy machismo, that is too busy beeing edgy to have a actual character."
,Not Recommended,429660,30071274,Posted: 20 February,all,leerheir,"Tales of Berseria is one of the stronger entries in the Tales series, especially recently, but some serious caveats prevent it from being all that it could be. Its chief strength is in its cast and acting, with the truly ragtag and ethically ambiguous group surrounding Velvet being a huge improvement over the black and white moralism of Zestiria. Its personality, though, isn't enough to cover some core gameplay and pacing issues. A chief example is its combat system, which even on the Chaos difficulty can be a mindless button masher. While you can control any of the characters, all with diverse styles, the most effective way out of any battle will always be to spam attacks while Velvet's Soul Gauge recharges, fire off a Mystic Arte, then rinse and repeat until the field is cleared.One area the game does not improve upon its predecessor in any way is in dungeon design, all of which are bloated, sprawling, and generic, with puzzles that can only be described as brainless. These are often a matter of lighting torches directly in front of a locked door, or worse, traveling to the other side of the map to collect a key item, and then backtracking to drop it in the correct place. It's this habit of cutting corners that has characterized recent entries in the series, and while Berseria may be an improvement on a game like Xilia 1, it's still not what it should be, and certainly not of the caliber the Tales series promises.The character banter and skits Tales is famous for return in full force in Berseria, but the 457 sequences interrupting a game that is only 45 hours in length can seem excessive and tedious. If taken at a more measured pace this isn't an issue, but after playing a while you may find yourself skipping through more than you're actually pausing to enjoy. Tedious is also an apt descriptor for the game's final act, which quickly moves from being a stirring story of revenge to a thinly veiled JRPG trope of collecting the seven special items before the final dungeon. It's problems like these that are especially frustrating, as they seriously compromise what could have been an excellent game. Given the huge improvement the Zestiria anime has over the game, one's left wondering whether Berseria would have been better off getting the same treatment."
76561198030126349,Not Recommended,429660,31864163,Posted: 20 May,all,jiub,Combat control is deminished to the point of boredom compared to the prior tales games.  Not reccomended.
76561198016077926,Recommended,429660,29511156,Posted: 26 January,all,Vashe[PS4N : vashe9],"Best ""Tales Of"" since Vesperia (for me, it's even better because I've played Vesperia with english dub and that sucked)- Looks great in 4k with a 1070 gtx max settings- Lots of cutscene, if you like anime ""tropes"" like me, you'll like these- Funniest combat in Tales series- Long and cool story (I'm still not at the end and I have 50h~ play time, in Intense)- Finally a good drop/enhancement system for loots- OST is still as great as ever- does everything better than Zestiria"
76561198059849022,Not Recommended,429660,33336150,Posted: 7 July,all,cZu,"Belive it or not but this is my first negative review in my life of whatever(im 31yo)I really want to write detailed review but my english is to bad, so here is small but concentrated amount of my tears about this game.If you are not die hard fan of Tales games and this one is first game that you are going to try in series (same like me) then dont buy this game. You will be surprised how unfinished, dumb, childish game it is, with so many stupid mehanics that it doesnt make sence. I was thinking for 34 hours ""Ok, this game has so many positive reviews that it should become a good game any moment soon"".But It didn't. I wanted to write review after I finish it but other thing that was in my mind for about last 33 hours was ""Why am I still playing this?WHY?!""I don't like to write negative reviews because every work should be respected and appriciated but specially this game is almost like a crime, it made me regret every minute I'v spent in it. Spend your money on some game that deserves it or just go and buy for exampel CS:GO weapon skin (even if you dont play it), you will be more sutisfied."
,Not Recommended,429660,29599191,Posted: 30 January,all,Revadarius,"I can't comment on the game itself as I was unable to play due to crashes, screen tearing and ultimately excessively horrendous motion blur which made everything into an fuzzy haze equivelant to that of what media expects us to believe and LSD trip would look like (when the game was 'playable' after 15hrs of dicking around that is)."
76561198018895965,Not Recommended,429660,30420688,Posted: 9 March,all,BScotty,"Wanted so badly to recommend this game through the first 90% of it for the characters and the humor, but the ending absolutely destroyed my desire to replay it, let alone recommend it to others.I'll refrain from spoilers, but if you're playing it or watching someone else play it, and you're telling yourself, ""You know, I've seen this sort of story play out before in movies and/or books, and it usually results in a certain cliche, unsatisfying ending. I hope they don't do that here.""Well guess what. The cliche, predictable ending you expect is the cliche, predictable ending you get. The ending of any story is arguably the most important part, as it's what players will remember the most clearly upon finishing and sometime after and knowing how this story ends makes me wish I didn't waste my time with it."
76561197960276182,Not Recommended,429660,29555922,Posted: 28 January,all,Jettison,"Great game of course but what about this AI bug?Just sit back and watch what your computer teammates do. Attack, run away for some reason, repeat. Any boss battle on a high difficulty is going to suck like this.If this wasn't the most blatant bug I would positive review the game. There is absolutely no way the QA department didn't see this. Zestiria on PC had some screwy controller config issues that were also impossible to ignore.Fix it for the good review.--- The fix with vjoy everyone mentions does work. Add 3 controllers in the config and assign those vjoy profiles (1-3) to controllers 2,3,4. Characters should default to Auto but obviously change it if they don't.--- 1/31/17 - This new bug with having to remove controllers is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in addition to the AI issue. Can't you test♥♥♥♥♥♥before you deploy it? You don't have a dummy steamaccount,etc.?Pathetic.But not as pathetic as your DLC cash-grabs. Very deplorable. Shame, shame, shame!"
,Not Recommended,429660,30622584,Posted: 19 March,all,SONIC,"НЕ ВЕДИТЕСЬ НА ОБЗОРЫ 12ти ЛЕТНИХ АНИМЕШНИКОВ, ОНИ ЖРУТ ЛЮБОЕ ГВНО И ЕЩЕ ПРОСЯТ ДОБАВКИ!Эта серия одна из моих любимых, но ее конец ( как и серии фф) наступил после консолей старого поколения (PS, PS 2, GC).Дурацкие души котиков которые ты собираешь чтобы открывать сундуки с котиками, иногда дающими шмотку - no comments просто.Поиск абсолютно бесполезных мусорных вещей и сокровищ  с помощью автоматической и рандомной системы пуска корабля в плавание. Разве что еду это дает и рецепты новые.ЛЮБАЯ съеденная еда восстанавливает фул хп пати + она дает различные бусты в бою при наступлении определенных абстоятельств.Мини игры поражают  своей бестолковостью и тупостью.У вещей нет иконок с их изображениями, тупо описание и все. Зачем в игре столько мусора если игрок даже не может посмотреть что это и как это выглядит? Бред. Хорошо хоть у оружия разные скины...Уровни сложности отдельная тема... У боссов, по мимо стандартных повышения статов и более агрессивного поведения, появляется автоблок 80-90% ваши атак, это тупо бесит. Нельзя было просто добавить больше статов, агресси, новые можные скилы там, но не издеваться так. На экране во время боя с боссами на последнем уровне сложности вы будете видеть что то вроде "" 1 блок- 1 блок - 1 блок - 40 резист-1блок"" где цифра это урон, который вы наносите боссу...Как только впереди появляется бледный лучик побочных квестов или упоминание о «затонувшем корабле с сокровищами и очень редки материалом, местоположение которого никто не знает, как жаль...», и ты такой думаешь «вау, корабль, нужно не упустить помент, вдруг какой нить НПЦ в ходе игры даст подсказку о его местонахождении, и тогда я смогу его найти, а там будет что то интересное, и может секретный босс и супер шмотки , а может ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и и блэкджек и т.д. и т.п. » И ТУТ ЧЕРЕЗ 5 МИНУТ СЮЖЕТНЫХ СЦЕН ВЫ ЧИСТО СЛУЧАЙНО ПО СЮЖЕТУ НАХОДИТЕ КОРАБЛЬ!!!! ВСЁЁЁЁЁЁЁЁЁ, никакой тебе тайны, никакой интриги, разработчики сами его нашли для тебя... ♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! И ТАК ВСЮ ИГРУДа что там говорить, в игре рыбалка АВТОМАТИЧЕСКАЯ и только в специальных местах у НПС. Выбираешь наживку, перс закидывает удочку и через пару сек вытаскивает рандомную рыбку (в зависимости от наживки улов может быть разный). Всего в игре целых 3 вида наживки, ВАУИгру спасают лишь диалоги ""на разные темы"" между персонажами, но для тех, кто не любит читать, это просто тысячи строк текста, не более. Да и сами диалоги сделанны странно: cюжетная сцена -> босс (или движение по сюжету) -> тут же появляются 5-7 диалогов, т.е. не могут они плавно их распределить, чтобы они появлялись в процессе игры, нужно выпуливать сразу по 5-7 сцен подряд... К концу игры диалоги тупо заебывают.Игра ОЧЕНЬ затянута, и не поделу. Сюжет отвратный и растягивать его на 70-80 часов (и это без гринда) просто абсурд.Открытого мира нет, вы можете быть лишь там, где идет сюжетное повествованиеСамая занудная сюжетная линия которую только можно было представить.Однако игра всяко лучше предыдущей абсолютно бредовой части, хотя тема про пастырей и порчу такая себе...Хомячкам и тупым анимешникам в самый раз. Заминусовали мой отзыв, ранимые"
,Not Recommended,429660,30471485,Posted: 12 March,all,Sirlion,"Tales of Berseria is a mediocre JRPG.I'm new to the Tales of series, but far from being one to the JRPG genre as a whole. I love old school RPGs and JRPGs too, so I have absolutely no problem with ""old"" features that can enrich the gameplay in a meaningful way if well balanced. Tales of Berseria, as mentioned, is the first in the series that I've tried with good intention, having seen the other titles via gameplay trailers and friends playing them live; I wanted to experience a good story with antiheroes, or even straight up villains.But.Tales of Berseria puts the word ""boring"" before the word ""cliché"" and then, in between the two, has some fickle sparkles of creativity which is immediately suppressed by ""plot convenience"".The first two hours are, for the most part, a good setup: a girl named Velvet, the main protagonist, gets thrown in a well and emerges as a demon with a huge crimson arm that devours blood and demonic power from other demons. Her brother gets sacrificed to a god that must be awaken in order to cleanse the world and... well, you get the idea, it is the usual plot. Not long passes and Velvet is freed from the prison her captors put her in, and then ... revenge! Or so you may think. At first, I thought it would be similar to the Count of Montecristo, which is one of the greatest stories of revenge and villainy of all time. Sadly, this is a typical japaense anime disguised as a JRPG. Some have compared it to Final Fantasy VI, but I consider it to be an insult.The main villains are a joke; the classic motivation of ""destroying everything to prevent evil and suffering"" has so been done before that I'm not even willing to suspend my disbelief for this. IF you decide to go this route, then you'd better have a superior cast of villains and heroes to support it, with rich personalities and backstory. Both are lacking in this game. One of the greatest villains, which uses powerful illusions to deceive the party, is constantly revealing himself to the player only to take away precious items crucial to the plot from him and then disappears speaking mysteriously, this is a common narrative device that is used many times during the advance of the plot, which results in basic patterns such as ""villain casts illusion, illusion is broken, villain mocks the party and takes away item, party chases him"". The second pattern most used by the game to advane the plot is ""random event pops up, in the middle of this event, we discover a device to keep the plot going"", like that one time when the party stopped in the middle of the ocean with fishing rods and no clear objective only for them to retrieve an ancient pot with that ONE AND ONLY piece of extremely rare metal to forge a sword from. Or when they retrieved a book that was a copy of the ultimate guide to the rituals and weaknesses of the final boss, left for them to find mere seconds after the villain took the same (original) book away from them. And wouldnt you know it, one of my party members had the power to get rid of malevolence all along but it never came about before the last 5 hours of the game, not even a hint. It is stuff like this, plot devices and deus ex machinas of this magnitude and stupidity\convenience that really makes me drop any sense of immersion. To make it worse, the flow of the plot suddenly stops and resumes to have you run around the same locations and talk for some time with your party members, which have almost nothing to say that is useful or characteristic. There are moments when you feel like the party has a good connection, some of your companions are legitimately cool to look at and hear from, but their time in the spotlight is short lived and their most prominent interactions are comedic. Also Velvet's costume. Seriously, if you want to have a supposed ""mature"" view on things, for the love of all that is decent, keep her breasts covered. It is incredibly distracting when the camera is pointing at her chest and 80 percent of her goods are exposed for no reason whatsoever. You could have done that to Magilou which is a character that has the kind of personality adapt to this treatment, but not the main heroine with such a dark tone and backstory.The best part of the game is definitely the combat system. It is cool to look at, easy to manage, very fast paced and engrossing in the most chaotic battles. Controlling Velvet is a pleasure for close combat fanatics and Magilou, the best ranged sorcerer ever created, is not only fun but also encourages a somewhat strategic approach.The AI is not bad, certainly more competent than most RPGs when it comes to resource management on the fly, it does what you tell it to do, doesnt go overboard with combos, and can be customized entirely spell by spell.Of course, if such a versatile and fun combat system was used in better locations and with a more powerful score, that would have been much better; the scenarios are bland, boring, repetitive, with low resolution textures made slightly more plastic and cartoon-like thanks to normal maps applied to them, low resolution as well. You have your average village carved in a mountain, your forests and autumn trees, villages in the middle of nowhere, plains, castles, city docks... the usual quasi-medieval stock fantasy stuff. Nothing original was put in there, and you have to visit each location multiple times as your travels resume inside the same places over and over again. The ""world"" map is a joke, two islands and a couple of plains with the imperial capital near two villages, that's the extent of what you'll see apart from the few towns that you can only enter at specific points in the plot and serve no purpose. The citizens inside have nothing to say except one or two lines, also not useful. As for costumes, the weird mixture of medieval themed armoured guards and civilians and 18th century pirates \ naval crew is as generic and poorly thought out as it gets, especially considering that nobody wears a tricorne, pirates only.Oh, but you can play as the villains right? Wrong, so very wrong. The game adivertises itself as a more mature story of villainy, but of course that's all thrown out the window the second you realize that the party is ""evil"" only by words. Nothing of what they say gets accomplished, nobody gets killed, there is no blood ever, not even a cut. All the ""evil deeds"" they claim to be responsible of are just evil from the point of view of the common citizenry. They did nothing meaningful aside from gathering a bunch of powerful demons in a single place and change some maritime trade routes so that a major city gets in trouble. That's it. That's the extent of their villainy. The only characters that actually get killed are legitimate bosses with clearly evil intents. There is no chance for the player to question his own morality.What's worst, is that members of the party are constantly bragging about how evil they are. 10 minutes pass, and there's a character talking about their deeds and how terrible their actions are... The villainous nature of the protagonists is equivalent to a 5 year old playing evil king.  Oh, and in the end, the story goes full on hero mode with the last couple of hours defining the good nature of the party.I did appreciate some of the final moments and the middle point of the adventure though, in particular when the heroine reaches the typical breaking point and has to face reality and make her resolve, and the way the developers treated the final moment between the heroine and her supporting character, with ""I forgive you"" as a culminating touch spoken at the right time and with the right tone. But ultimately, it wasnt enough.All in all, considering it was a very ""standard"" experience with next to nothing original, I'd give it a 6\10. Not worth it at this price, 20$ at most."
,Not Recommended,429660,29621479,Posted: 31 January,all,Baymak,"Game not even starting, not gonna recommend this game until it actually loads and lets me play."
,Not Recommended,429660,33912996,Posted: 30 July,all,xSparrow,"I'm about 30 hours in and, I gotta say, I don't enjoy this game half as much as Tales of Symphonia. There are too many cut scenes and it becomes really tedious and annoying. The story is nice, nothing out of the ordinary as far as RPGs goes. I was honestly expecting to be amazed by this awesome game that was rated so highly. The battle animations are a cluster♥♥♥♥ and I find myself mashing A to just get through all the stupid cut scenes."
,Not Recommended,429660,29748764,Posted: 6 February,all,Durzo.Blint,"Games seems fun based on reviews i watched, however it is almost unplayable at is stands now. Both cut scenes and actual gameplay seem to be moving in slow motion. I'm running an i5 6300HQ and a GTX 960m, and i could not play the game on 60 FPS nor could i play it at 1920x1080 resolution. It became slightly playable after i put the graphics down to the lowest setting possible, and i know it's not my computer because Witcher 3 runs fine on my PC at medium to high settings.I found that others were reporting similar issues after a recent patch, I'm not sure if that is the source of the issue, but either way I do not recommend you buy this game until these issues have been fixed."
76561198015194944,Not Recommended,429660,35058624,Posted: 18 September,all,Gseckz,"Here's what the other reviews won't tell you. The game is blurry doesn't support 21:9 res even on 1080p it's blurry with all max out settings.I tried everything hooked up my 4k monitor, 2k and even my 1080p monitor tried it with the patch/mod tried without... How is this even possible in 2017 and  and its priced at 49.99$. I can handle bad graphics but when the game looks like you have an eye problem it triggers me."
76561198091956612,Not Recommended,429660,32700587,Posted: 23 June,all,Reb0,"This game is baffeling, not in the way you'd hope for though. What's so surprising about this game is the fact that i gets so many good reviews and ratings, when it's acctually so very very bad.Tales of ... has turned into a mass production for trash games, this has been a long times comming, yet berseria tops them all. I strongly suspect the producers, also baffeld as to how they get away with their games, just said ""f*** it, let's just mash something together and throw it out there, people will love it anyways"". This is quite sad to see, as tales of used to produce some great games (well 1 at least).Well considering Beseria:- it's extremly ugly. The graphics are not only bad (i can forgive that) they don't seem to fit together. Feels like a weird kind of pre-alpha.-the map/dungeon design is without question, the worst i have ever seen in any game. the dungeons are ugly, repetitive, boring, filled with nonesence to waste your time.-The plot, is probaply what people like about this asides from the characters (?), it's alright but nothing much, more or less just a poorly build stage for the characters to live out their drama.-the characters, can sometimes amuse. The dialouges are not bad. Not much thought has been put into the reactions of the characters towards oneanother and the main story, yet it isn't too bad. Meaning Beserias other weaknesses outshine here.-the fighting system is absuredly complex for a game where you want to skip any fight as the enemies are so ugly and it all ends in a cluster-f**** of spells anyways. There are no really good introductions to it either, it just kind of sits there making you think about it for a while before you decide to just spam one move and win anyways.All in all Beseria is one of the worst games i have ever played. I doubt i'll ever touch a new tales of game again, not after seeing this. As said the game feels like an unpolished early alpha that has been abandoned and released of the hell of it.Do not play this game.Play Tales of Symphonia instead. TOS eventhough outdated is better than Beseria in every singel aspects, weirdly even graphics.Personal rating for beseria 2/10 for characters and story, otherwise 0/10."
,Not Recommended,429660,31019956,Posted: 8 April,all,Funnerific,Just another addicting game with a great beginning and mediocre mid-late game. Shouldn't have wasted so much time on it.
,Recommended,429660,29511670,Posted: 26 January,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198004995062,Not Recommended,429660,30459774,Posted: 11 March,all,Michael,"I was going into this with high expectations, given the overwhelmingly positive rating here, and as of now (6 hours in) I have uninstalled the game due to pure boredom. I'm writing this because I'm not too happy, that this complete letdown of a game costed more than $60 of my money. Note: I have not played any previous tales games.Clearly, I have not experienced the whole story, but if someone has to sit through over 6 hours of generic crap to get to good stuff, obviously there is a problem. Lets get to the details-Characters: Snore. A goody-two-shoes goes pure vengeance edgelord. She's not even an extreme-edgelord, just like an android with 1 emotion programmed into her brain. Okay, but where's the depth? Not just with the main heroine, but everyone. The kid that looks like her dead lil'bro, generic emotionless character that regains ""humanity"" over time. Never seen that before, eh? No, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere. The ""good"" guys, waving around their justice and honor, we've seen all this before. COME ON. There's just nothing new, and no depth so far. These characters all feel fake as hell, unrelatable. They feel like pure ""anime"" escapist nonsense, shocker eh? I saw reviews saying the game's themes were dark/twisted and that really attracted me to buying it, but no, they're not dark, they're your generic tragic backstories that some of your more emotional friends might cry over and tell you how sad things are. I'd call this sort of ""dark"" storytelling a ""cheap-dark"", if you know what I mean. You clearly haven't seen real dark stuff if you call this stuff dark. This is for kids. You might like that, but not me.Voice Acting: Main character's voice is pure monotone, puts me to sleep. Other girl characters are sqeaky anime voices, cringe. Some of the male VA are okay, but nothing stood out for me.Plot: Snore. Banter is lengthy, pointless, and boring. Just dull. Skip skip skip. Good vs evil but evil turns out not so evil, what a shocker. Boring. You got your classic ""few vs many"" and plot armor to the max. Everyone is asking main character for help etc because plot destiny. Unrealistic. I'd let this slide if the game didn't market itself so much as a plot-focused game.Costumes: Completely immersion-breaking costumes. Ripped bikinis and animal onesies. You're telling me you want to tell a dark storyline with this sort of outfits? No. Once again, this game is for kids.Combat: I'm sure many people love it, I just don't understand it, and apparently I didn't need to either. I just button-mashed and spammed R from time to time, totally worked. Maybe it's because it's early on, but yeah. I had 0 desire to learn the complex battle system because the story is boring.Music: Cannot remember a single tune in the game. generic.Environments: This may be unfair to this game, but coming from games like Witcher 3, Dragon Age inquisition, Mass Effect, etc, this was just bad in comparison. Most grounds were just flat, including the nature areas. Characters stood out from their enviornments like sore thumbs, implying it didn't feel like they belonged there, and that constantly reminded me that this was a game, completely immersion-breaking for a game with such heavy emphasis on plot.Dungeons: Complete waste of time. Grind grind grind. Every area in the dungeon look the same. Which door goes where again? Oh you're lost, tough. Why don't we do some no-brainer puzzles that just makes you walk more in the meantime? Great! No.Positive: Say whaa? Yeah there are some good stuff. Like.... ...... .. . . the... colours? Some areas' art direction was nice.Overall, it feels like yet another inbred JRPG game out of an industry that stopped experimenting. Generic escapist stuff, highly un-realistic. Nobody talks the way they do in the game in real life. Unrelatable, simplistic, 1-dimensional characters with ""cheap-dark"" themes. More waifu bait.kthxbai."
76561198052214296,Not Recommended,429660,29515061,Posted: 26 January,all,aquapendulum,"This game:- Is censored:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zw2oVRr3Ms- Uses Denuvo, but Bandai Namco won't tell you about that from what they put on the game's store page. They carefully hid it in brief mention under a news announcement. What a pro-consumer and up-front company, huh?In fact, do you want to know what happened when I launched this game for the first time? This happened:https://twitter.com/aquapendulum/status/824844178697773057You want Bandai Namco to stop doing this? Make it so that ""Not censoring"" and ""Not using Denuvo"" are the more financially profitable options for them.Do not buy this game.I'll be getting a refund after leaving this review. This shows that I have money I could have given to Bandai Namco. Could have."
,Not Recommended,429660,29811858,Posted: 9 February,all,Virus5252,"9/10Definitely one of the better games in the series.Why am I not recommending though? Because when all you need is 1 more ♥♥♥♥ing soul, and you perfectly dodge an attack and your own allies take that one soul, stopping you from therionizing, forcing you to get stun locked, and ultimately lose the battle. That is why I am voting down. This game is great, buy it please, but I am petty as ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥ the AI teammates. Litterally hardest part of the game is getting over the insufferable AI teammates."
76561197971305233,Not Recommended,429660,31172038,Posted: 15 April,all,Runie,Game itself is fantastic.But it has Denuvo.Will change this review to positive if I am ever shown proof that they have removed Denuvo.
,Not Recommended,429660,30990285,Posted: 6 April,all,Hot.Chili.Sauce,"More cut scenes than game play.  Pretty much have to follow a very specific path, feels like you are riding on rails."
76561198035416679,Not Recommended,429660,33013671,Posted: 29 June,all,Riphphraphph Phish,"I really like this game, but the ending is really trash."
76561198142330236,Not Recommended,429660,31264249,Posted: 20 April,all,Aldur,"Well this is the first JRPG I'm playing so I can only compare it to not-J RPGs.Basically I was very disappointed from the game, I couldn't even finish it.Controls (I use PC): Very dumb and uncomfortable.Combat: Somehow the combat system is both lame and complicated - nice acheivement.Graphics: Not even close to new games graphics (witcher, skyrim, watch dogs, etc.) but the price is very high.Story: The story is the only part I enjoyed although I didn't finish it.The story is also a little wierd but you could expect it from a JRPG (It's kinda funny but it makes more sense with Japanese voice..)I Don't think I'll try another one of those soon.."
,Not Recommended,429660,29511665,Posted: 26 January,all,robomagon,"While I'm going to advise against purchasing this, I'm also going to be a bit vague on details to make sure I avoid spoilers just in case you do decide to buy it.Unfortunately, in order to ensure a T rating, the developers decided to censor an early plot-critical scene which was necessary to understand the protagonists primary motivation, as well as several scenes later in the game, including the ending. This leads to several head-scratching moments where you won't understand why certain events are emphasized, or why the protagonist is so fixated on performing an action in a very specific way since all the context has been removed.The inclusion of draconian Denuvo DRM which may limit the ability for these changes to be fixed via modding doesn't help matters any.I would avoid this one as supporting it would help to set a bad precedent for future western localizations of eastern-made video games. It would also support the anti-consumer practice of including multiple layers of DRM and online activations to PC game releases."
76561198067954704,Not Recommended,429660,29621684,Posted: 31 January,all,nestharus,"I bought this game to tide me over until For Honor : ).Boring repetitive gameplay that will make you want to shoot yourself. Feels like a chore to play. Atleast the combat isn't intolerable like it was in Zestiria. In that game, I went full auto : p. In this, I willingly do manual.Bad graphics that will remind you of a game from the 90s. Really inspect things like plants.Poorly designed environments. In the area you start in, try looking at the tree trunks. Also look at the bushes. Yes, one image is cnp'd twice, both perpendicular to each other, to make a bush. There is absolutely no variation in the flora and some of the flora placement is pretty wtf. I didn't know that trees grew plants out of their trunks... I've tried to avoid looking at the environment since because every time I do, the glaring problems with it just make me begin to rant about how bad it is =/.Poorly placed enemies. They just seem to be strewn about randomly.Characters don't start to become interesting until 20 hours in.Makes you think, ""if only this was just an anime series since all it has going for it is a story""Good acting with japanese dialog. Haven't tried the dub.Cool mouth movement with the speech.Cool cinematic anime scenes.Good character development. You begin to really know the characters through all of the skits.Good world background. There are a few people to talk to in each area that will make that area seem more realistic.Every enemy is confined to a little room and there are lines that they can't cross. When you go kill boars, try standing on one side of the line and watch the boar just stare at you, unable to cross it.LOTS of recycled enemies and poor variation on them. Few attacks on each enemy and no real attack patterns. When I was running through a cave, I began singing about spiders being everywhere. An hour later, I was still fighting the same spiders. I want the anime to represent the game properly and include 3 episodes of fighting spiders. It must happen D:<Recommending for the story >.>. It'll be more in-depth than the series as well.So why isn't this just an anime series?... :/4/10"
76561198061473864,Not Recommended,429660,30078852,Posted: 21 February,all,Vince131,this game gave me feelings
,Recommended,429660,29515414,Posted: 26 January,all,🎖Ace🎖,love it!!! pls keep making new tales games or port old tales game bamco. im gonna buy every tales game on steam
76561198046491083,Not Recommended,429660,30801778,Posted: 28 March,all,The Dark Lord,"I'm honestly baffled by the number of postive reviews for this game. In my opinion the only good thing about it is the story.The animation is only just better than in Fire Emblem Awakening which came out on the Nintendo 3DS.The lip sync is horrible. Just plain horrible.The fight mode has been done before.But the worst thing about this game is that it costs £40, and you can't get a refund, because the company makes you agree to sign away your right to ask for a refund."
76561198276014468,Not Recommended,429660,30717909,Posted: 24 March,all,SavageSohumn,Boooooooooring
,Recommended,429660,30610379,Posted: 19 March,all,Yume,"It's a good game I really like the gameplay the characters and also I like the story but for some reason I couldn't play it on my PC I can only play it on my uncles PC soo yeah still waiting for some bug fix or maybe they won't do any but I still recommend this game though so yeah thanks for reading my ""Reveiw"". ^_^I want a refund joke!! >_<"
76561198028089033,Recommended,429660,30599444,Posted: 18 March,all,Turre!,"So far better than Zestiria.The battle feels pretty fast, and the overall game is a win for any tales lover :)"
76561198041067403,Recommended,429660,29580959,Posted: 29 January,all,Jim Goyim,"EDIT:Now that I've finished, gameplay and sidequests/extra content DO somewhat makeup for other shortcomings, though.-No meaningful colisseum to build for and try to get through, class 4 admin zones are too easy-Rather than skits and sidequests giving extra insight into characters and story, they're instead used for this AND for making up for sloppy pacing/writing. This causes story to be lacking relative to predeccesors.-Still feels like there's a lack of extra content, one ex dungeon doesn't make up for the lack of sidequests, colisseum, etc (Really only takes ~5 hours for all sidequests.)Much better than Zestiria and some replayability, but still lacking from prior installments.Prior Negative review:It's an improvement, though it's still lacking. Tales of Berseria has only improved the combat RELATIVE to Zestiria, and everything else is still not very good...-Characters are still bland with no depth aside from one-off quips meant to show characteristics that they embody, rather than trying to make the player actually feel the emotions they're trying to convey.-No real arena/collisseum like Symphonia, Vesperia, etc.-Story still doesn't really have the mood-flow that Symphonia and Abyss had where plot and sub plot points, large or small, had a purpose to the story and evoked emotion, gave MEANINGFUL insight into characters, or were not filler and were to progress the story, or all three.-Combat is OK, though not amazing, though party-wide xp and equipment/title progression is a nice plus.Getting sad that the quality of Tales installments is evidently no longer a larger or equal priority than quick releases and more $$$. They're a business, but older installments felt like the creators VALUED the end product, rather than it purely being just OK enough to sell.Please go back to the days of Symphonia and Abyss, they were AMAZING games done well and obviously had the quality of the game well in mind."
,Recommended,429660,30464447,Posted: 11 March,all,Roscoe,>Play in Japanese>Watch the opening movie to completion>Spam the hell out of right trigger>Win>Quit game>Watch the opening movie to completion>Repeat
,Recommended,429660,30511043,Posted: 14 March,all,Magnus150,Best tales game so far!
76561198135993352,Recommended,429660,30509298,Posted: 14 March,all,BeyondThePlainOfHigh,Bittersweet EndingMagilou best girl :vAwesome Game :v
76561198019326775,Recommended,429660,30545636,Posted: 16 March,all,Anominous_rex,Loved this game.
76561198212529252,Recommended,429660,30534641,Posted: 15 March,all,ReaperSensei,"First off, F*** YOU MELCHIORPositives:+Everything.Negatives:-KamoanaOverall: Big sis Waifu harem simulator is a solid 11/10, would dress like a pirate and fantasize about Magilou again."
,Recommended,429660,30566838,Posted: 17 March,all,✪ Desho.,"If you love Tales of Zesteria, you will adore this.P.s. It's a prequel to the series."
76561197995222984,Recommended,429660,30580053,Posted: 17 March,all,Lt.Liquid,"A very well done JRPG, and a worthy addition to the Tales series. Berseria has a great cast of characters, combat is very fluent, and the story is well done.Only thing I think they could of done better are the dungeons. They are very linear like in Zestiria. Besides that, this is a great game.Highly recommend this game to any JRPG fan. For anyone wondering you don't need to play any previous Tales games in order to enjoy this one. I would recommend playing Zestiria before or after Berseria to get the most out of the story though."
,Recommended,429660,30575672,Posted: 17 March,all,[TGCM]Nekogami,"Second best Tales of overall from my point of view (best one being Vesperia).Great at everything except music (not bad but nothing memorable)Velvet may be a little OP but I only played on Hard.Forget the weird craft systen from zestiria.You don't need to play zestiria to appreciate that game, but still mandatory if you wanna enjoy the story fully.Sometime a savepoints are a little too far awat from each other (I somehow never noticed the quick save menu ...)"
76561198022493032,Recommended,429660,30654029,Posted: 21 March,all,Zerg Rush,This is very emotinal and deep story full with great characters. No game made me so emotional since dragon age origin. The writers of this game are genius people. How ever the gameplay can get a bit annoying a lot of unnecessary back tracking and repedtive combat if you're not a fan of old school jrpgs with turn base combat you won't like the gameplay. But despite all the falses for me the story made me enjoy this game so much no matter what type of gamer you're if you enjoy great story telling you must pick this up.Story 10/10Gameplay 5/10art style 8/10soundtrack 7/10
76561198082647011,Recommended,429660,30392540,Posted: 8 March,all,Andremon,"This is a JRPG that has good english voice acting and dialogue not written by a 12 year-old.THIS IS A JRPG THAT HAS GOOD ENGLISH VOICE ACTING AND DIALOGUE NOT WRITTEN BY A 12 YEAR-OLD!!!!I have to say that when I started playing this, I was busy looking for a whiny princesslike man sort of protagonist (I'm looking at you Star Ocean!).I'm glad I didn't find any. And the fact that characters have functioning brains is also a big plus in my book.The post-game and especially new game+ doesn't seem very compelling compared to the main story to me though."
,Recommended,429660,30402351,Posted: 8 March,all,Shigeyama,"I highly reccomend you beat Zestiria before you play this game.What I liked about the game:Almost everything in the Asgard universe is connected chronologially and this I mean from Tales of Phantasia, Symphonia 1 and 2, and Zestiria. Your ship also picks up notable items from other games as well as treasures. Tales of Zestiria is chronologically after Berseria and has soooo much to do with this game that a lot of times I found myself Googling to see if  ""blank"" was in Zestiria. 2/3s of the time it was in Zestiria be renamed a bit. A lot of the plot holes that there were in Zestiria, Berseria used as story and origin pretty much and personally it made me appreciate Zestiria's story a lot more when I stopped playing that. Berseria's form of plot basically mind-blows you by giving you tons and tons of plot-hole fillers to make an original game.Gameplay-wise this time you don't need to leave a ""Free Run"" skill to freely run around the combat plane, instead of CP skills they use Ventites which is in their own sense the same thing, only you have to hunt down those tough dark-purple monsters to get them. (Called Code-Reds.) Their unique combat trait is the soul system which basically replaces MP or Mana. So in other words you won't be seeing any gels that replenishs MP like Orange or Pineapple Gels.What I didn't like about the game:Finding the Cameo Battle was harder than it should've been.I found the weapon enhancement feature to be unnesnessarily snowballing with weapons in my bag the weapons each get different random skills but you can't choose which to keep and you just leave them in your bag and you try to master each weapon proficiency. But then you eventually need to dismantle some to get more materials to enhance them to catch up with your level otherwise those weapons will be useless. Overall I think ther random skills thing is not needed. I rather just have one of each weapon and enhance them. Dismantle duplicates, etc. Personally I liked Zestiria's weaps because it's more simplified like that. Just equip and you had your skillset.I didn't like the Katz orb collecting. While playing the game you have to constantly collect Katz orbs.  Personally I just want to run normally.I also noticed that by the time you hit the final battle, the subtitles get really lazy in the sub-quests and wane away from what the English VAs are saying. If you play listening to the Japanese VAs, then you might not like the inaccuracy of the dialogue.Plotholes that are in the game:Since this is basically a game between Zestiria and Berseria there's one thing that's still left out. Why Malak was renamed to Seraphim in the future.Overall this game I feel has taken the crown of best Tales game so far despite my gripes about it, it's a must by if you have played Zestiria. If you haven't played it you should first before you play this to have a fuller experience."
,Recommended,429660,30397384,Posted: 8 March,all,=TWC=TheKillerGamer,I just finished this game i really loved it i loved the story it was a really good story i really liked it i would really reccomened this game as it is a really good game it was really fun to play. the art to it was really nice it is different from other games a played and i loved how they add those little clips every now and then i really did like that touch
,Recommended,429660,30412144,Posted: 9 March,all,Brand,"Best Tales game in years.The battle system is easy to learn and hard to master. I never had much experience playing as any of the other characters apart from in passing as I mained velvet and loved her fighting style. In battle you'll have up to 5 points, which determine how long your combos are, or can tactically be spent one by one to go nuts and temporarily extend your combos as well as give them one of many tasty finishers. If you do it at the wrong time you can potentially find yourself screwed with only a 2 move combo, but if you can keep things moving, deal a lot of damage and reclaim points through stuns then you can keep an almost endless combo going. It's a great risk-reward system that never got old throughout the game, and get expanded upon with increasing movesets and passive traits which you unlock as you level up, progress through the story, and pursue side quests.I wont go into much detail about the story, as that's the main draw for this series and I'd hate to spoil. All I will say is that if you're familiar with Tales already then expect more top tier stuff but this time with a much darker tone than in previous titles. The story and characters in this game are night and day in terms of quality compared to Zestiria. The story had me hooked and on the edge of my seat throughout. Since it takes place in the past within the same world, it does a lot to call back (forward?) to Zestiria, which does a lot to expand upon the lore introduced with that game. I would say playing Zestiria beforehand is a MUST, as there are a myriad of callbacks and references to the game, and a lot of the themes and plot elements play off of what Zestiria did.The characters all feel very fleshed out and likeable. They all have their own goals and dreams which get fully explored as the narrative progresses and expanded upon nicely in some late/post game side quests, which is quite the contrast when compared to its predecessor.My only gripes I have with the game are pretty minor.First, a lot of the dungeon design is pretty uninspired. Expect to walk through a lot of similarly shaped, yet differently coloured corridoors and rooms as you progress through the game. Some more effort in this department wouldn't have been a bad idea, though it didn't really do much to take away from the overall experience as the story and the battle system kept things from getting dull for the most part.Second, I'm not a fan of the Katz chest side quest which requires you to hunt down collectable shiny balls throughout the entire game. For the most part the game feels pretty balanced here. Provided you're not just rushing the story and take time to explore each environment then you almost always have enough orbs to open the next chest, but as I got into the last third of the game I found myself having to backtrack and run through previous areas in order to collect enough to keep up with new chests. This was frustrating as almost every time I ran into this issue it was leading up to, or just following a big story moment. I found it annoying to feel obligated to back track on myself at key points so I could stay afloat.Having said that, the katz chests are merely an optional extra thing that just unlocks a few sidequests and gives you fashion options. Also none of the chests are missable, so there would be nothing stopping you coming back and finishing it off another time.Overall I felt like this game was one of the strongest in the series. An excellent return to form after the somewhat lacking Tales of Zestiria, that easily contends Tales of Vesperiphonilia for that number 1 slot."
,Recommended,429660,30744479,Posted: 25 March,all,Siphak,"This is the first Tales game I've ever played and damn, what a first impression!This honestly might be one of my absolute favourite story-driven games of all time, with a story that flows fantastically thanks to great hooks in the early game that keep the action apropriately high all the way through, I never felt like I was wasting my time.This game is supposedly a prequel to Tales of Zestiria - I found that out when I looked up trivia on the game after beating it - but I would never have guessed that with how well Berseria builds its setting and characters so that they can completely stand on their own. The main party in particularly really are a bunch of lovable rascals who all manage to feel relevant to the plot - particularly impressive since even highly acclaimed games like Final Fantasy VII often aren't quite able to do this.Honestly my only real beef with this game is one that has already been voiced a number of times, and that is that the dungeon design is a bit crap - but for the most part the combat system was able to keep me entertained enough that I didn't really take much notice until the bonus dungeon which is, sadly, really repititive. And I guess the music is servicable at best? I'm grasping at straws here - other people have talked about technical issues, but I experienced none myself so I can't really talk about them at all.I guess what this boils down to is:STORY: 10GAMEPLAY: 7Undoubtedly the most funny and charming story about bloody vengeance you will ever see."
,Recommended,429660,30879807,Posted: 1 April,all,Rollo,"Great Game Overall:-Characters are all likeable (Especialy Magilou & Eizen) & good character development (Velvet, Laphicet & Eleanor).-Combat System pretty easy to understand.-Many different difficulties available to make things more interesting.-Free to roam and explore most of the time.-Story is good, explains the events happening before Zestiria.-Plenty of Side Quests to spend time on.-Zaveid is here!-Magilou & Eizen are really funny in the Skits.Also, My Favourite Characters are Magilou, Eizen & Rokurou (The two guys are so badass)Magilou - Bogus Witch which is actually pretty strong (Just spam that meteor if you're too lazy)Rokurou - Someone who can counter and nullify an enemy Mystic Arte (Now that's the Rangetsu way!)Eizen - A Spirit Pirate Brawling Mage who Knows-It-All (Need more Descriptions?)On a sidenote, I played with Japanese audio and the voice acting is really great. (Especially Velvet, Magilou and Eizen)Nice Soundtracks, Some Favourites:-Shout Your Soul!-Zaveid, the Exile (Both Acoustic and Battle Version)-That's My Way, EizenAnd of Course,-The Way of KatzThough the only thing bugging me is that I really want to know what Eizen's true name really means in the ancient tongue.Definitely Recommend to people who like JRPG, RPG or Tales Series"
76561198067287773,Recommended,429660,30938922,Posted: 4 April,all,veryconnoro,Most ive enjoyed a game since Dark Souls 3! Truly a gorgeous well made game.(doesnt feel rushed like most games these days)
,Recommended,429660,30953509,Posted: 4 April,all,Cosplay Lane,"Beautiful game. I reccomend using a gamepad though, the in-battle controls are pretty strange with keyboard, but not impossible. The best Tales of game by far! Dark gritty story, but still a lot of anime troupe influences (but not as bad as other tales of games). Would heavily reccomend not just for tales of fans, but for anyone that enjoys rpgs."
76561198337250930,Recommended,429660,30971222,Posted: 5 April,all,Ace,I've been a tales fan for years now and seen all the bad press from Zestiria and decided to stay away. Im glad i did becuase it forced them to make this game much better than its predecessor before it. Its a dark tale in the beginnig and gets intersting towards the middle. Im currently 72 hrs in and am probably only midway through the game cuz i like to grind it out and lvl up. This games battle system is very nice and fluid with great abilities and combos. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to any action rpg/Jrpg fan because it has most of what you come to expect from this genre of games.
76561198034605190,Recommended,429660,30399649,Posted: 8 March,all,snocaps231,"Great animation, combat system is fluid, story is engaging, and characters have a great individuality!"
76561198009509561,Recommended,429660,30402741,Posted: 8 March,all,MrEleven,"This is my review ofTales of Berserk, I meanTales of Darksouls, one last try...Tales of Berseria! (Seriously, a master swordsmen weilding a two-handed sword with his left arm NAMED Artorias?)As you can tell the creators of Berseria have taken some inspiration from the works of Kentaro Miura and Hidetaka Miyazaki but as Pablo Picasso says ""Good artists copy; great artists steal."" And in this endeavor the creators of Berseria have made one of the best stories in a tales game, rivaling even Symphonias. The deviation from ""We are the good guys thus we save the world"" was a much needed change and even more compelling considering it is a prequel to Zestiria. This connection sets up LOTS of world building that gave me a strange sense of giddiness as I understood some of the obscure references. In its own funny way that almost makes Zestiria worth playing, just to better understand the story and to be fully immersed.Now the main reason most anyone plays a Tales game is for the gameplay and boy have you come to the right place. The new controls are intuitive but like a cranky old man I am not one for change. At first this was a bit of a gripe I had with the game, it felt a little stiff if you're coming off any of the predecessors but I vouch for it now that I have completed the game by saying it is a much superior control scheme. Instead of having two of your buttons (most of the time Y or X) being unused in combat half the time, ALL the main buttons are now used for combat which adds the possibility to string a wide variety of combos. The port this time around was also done fantastically, smooth FPS, cut scenes don't sound like garbled trash and everything looks nice (for a xbox/PS4 port). I am not a computer whiz but anyone with an inkling of experience of game ports knows that Zestiria was a baaaaad. Also instead of having the really boring Armatization like in Zestiria, the each character uses different abilities called ""Break Souls"" which are actually really fun, unlike Zestiria where Armatizationshouldhave been really fun but was extreamly dull.  The only real complaint I had with the game was that I didn't care much for the Martial and Hidden arts that Velvet used, they felt too flashy and sometimes were hard to land hits properly on enemies but its a minor complaint.The Tales series has a tendency to have lackluster endings imo but Berseria wraps up in a very neat way, leaving you with the feeling that the creators really knew what they wanted to say by its overall presentation and climatic ending. If you a fan of the Tales Series or if you enjoyed Zestiria even a little, buy this.TLDR: Is good game, should get."
76561198076489114,Recommended,429660,30789255,Posted: 28 March,all,Gamrage,"One of the best plots I've ever seen in a ""Tales of"" game. I feel like it's right up there with ""Tales of Symphonia,"" and there are even similarities between the two games.This game throws so many refreshing changes at you that you'd think that this game should be titled ""Zestiria"" instead of it's inferior predecessor.* Strong Female Protagonist.* The majority of the game's Protagonists are Anti-Heroes.* The story sends out many bread crumbs for people who wish to make connections with other games in the franchise.* The Break Soul mechanic is far superior to the Armatization mechanic.* Very easy to track quest menu and area maps.This version includes a censored edit due to violence against a minor. (They still kill and sacrifice him..I don't get it..)"
,Recommended,429660,30774541,Posted: 27 March,all,lolz,"My review probably won't be much different with others.But still, i'll share my experience playing this great game.The story is far better from Tales of Zesteria (the one rleased before), but my favorite still Tales of Abyss because it has a bit romance, i think (God please help this to be ported to PC).Anyway it's worth of it's price, even better.Great anime scene and side story, it's just the 3D model (especially head area) sometimes feel out of place.Good surround sound, and music too, likewise.Battle system is good (likewise) not that hard and also it's easy to create combo variant, the AI is smart enough to defense and fight themselves.And also you can get decent FPS even with old graphic card (mine GTS 250).I hope, BANDAI NAMCO will release another series either older one (again, i hope it's ToA) or new one (probably will be end of year).Summary, either you are a Tales fan or not, in my opinion this game still worth it's price."
76561198012309506,Recommended,429660,30774151,Posted: 27 March,all,Kitamasu1,"Tales of Berseria is an exciting and unique take of the ""Tales of"" series. You play as a perfectly human character with flaws and passion, and embark on a journey not to save the world, but for revenge at any cost. The best part about this game are the characters and the interactions between them. I never skipped a skit as they were pure gold and the characters really felt like people.The story is also really gripping. There's twists and turns and is not always predictable like other ""Tales of"" games. It's also not so bland as Perfectly Good vs Completely Evil either, but rather varying shades of gray. It's hard not to sympathize with the antagonists and realizing that both sides are doing what they believe is right.The environments of the game are also beautiful. There is nice variety from forests, to volcanos, to tundra, to plains. I have an Nvidia GTX 550 Ti and I believe my settings were High, though not Ultra though I could probably have highest settings at the cost of a small fps drop, but I chose to go with recommended. So the game isn't overly demanding on the GPU.The combat is also pretty good. You have 4 elemental types and then 1 physical type. Enemies usually have 1 or 2 weaknesses, and the most resistances I saw was 3 on a boss. If you can hit all the weaknesses you should get a soul, though sometimes that didn't happen, especially when I had 1 or 2 souls.The souls mechanic is difficult to master, as when I was down to 1-2 souls it was often very difficult to get up to 3. The breakpoint combos didn't seem to grant souls when I was at 1-2 souls. I never liked going below 3 souls, and would only do breaksouls when I had 4 or 5 which is the max, even though you can do so at 3 souls. Perhaps the only thing they could have changed was that as Velvet, when you use a breaksoul, you can't die. So against the final boss when my only person with Ressurection died, I had no life bottles, and no healing items, I continually used breaksouls for the last 15-25% of their health, using items to restore my souls when I needed to. The soul restoring item isn't common, I don't think it can be bought, but it was enough that I used 2 or 3 in the last fight. The BG guage fills slowly, and certain characters could unleash multiple Mystic Arts in the same fight when I couldn't activate it once. Perhaps they had lower costs, but the BG guage seemed to fill slowly for Velvet.The game took me approxmiately 50hrs to beat on medium difficulty. I never lost a fight, and I only ran from one fight that I tried to avoid. The Red Alert demons are pretty difficult after the first few, and these are optional bosses.If you're a ""Tales of"" fan, you will probably love this game the same as the rest. If you are new to the franchise, there is still something to enjoy here and is a great entry point."
76561197979196995,Recommended,429660,30772424,Posted: 27 March,all,FreshBulletTime,Solid gameplay and production value. Combat feels fluid and graphics are on point with what I would expect from a game of that genre.The negative side is that this game was probably written by a band of 16 years old japanese virgins. The main character is dressed like a wh*re for no apparent reason and speaks like an edgy kid in a cartoon written by elementary school children.They take this stuff so seriously for no reason and you can't relate to their struggle. It becomes cringy as hell at some point. It will distract you if you ever left your parents basement.
,Recommended,429660,30771279,Posted: 27 March,all,Bishop Butters,"A clear improvement from Tales of Zestiria and one of the best modern Tales games.As a general RPG fan you will find this game easier to jump into then Zestiria but as a Tales fan you just need to accustom yourself to new battle controls and your all set. If Steam's character limit will let me I will go over each aspect of the game.Graphics: 8.5/10. A clear improvement over Zestiria. The engine cutscenes, especially fight scenes, are much more fluid then Zestiria and animations in general are less rigid. Movie cutscenes are fantastic but it does have Zestiria's problem of having many in the first couple hours and having very few toward the end. Characters are well designed except for Velvet's nose (HOW DO U BREATHE VELVET O.O)Story: 9/10 Easily the best overall story in any tales game I played (I haven't finished Symphonia so I can't compare there). Only one character is remotely generic, your band is a mixed bag of selfish and borderline psychotic people but they manage to mesh together so well, there is not a clear weak link in the cast this time which most Tales games have (Soray/Laliah, Ludger, Cheria, Harold etc). Finally: A revenge story where I actually love the character seeking revenge. Velvet bae af, waiflu for life. She manages to be a psycho seeking vengence and a loving sister all while retaining her general love of cooking and cleaning and a sense of humor. The emotional journey alone is a great story. You don't need to play Zestiria to understand things but it is far more intersting if you have. Certain areas are clear precursors to areas in Zestiria and it is great fun to speculate about the story with knowledge you already have of Zestiria.Sound Design/Soundtrack: 7/10. The weak point of this game. Sound effects are amazing but the soundtrack is rather weak for a Tales game especially compared to the masterpiece of Zestiria. A few good tracks jumped out at me but mostly the music, though fitting in many places, felt more like backround sounds then an emotionally investing part of the game,Gameplay: 8.5/10 A clear improvement to Zestiria in item crafting. Gone is the horrendous fusion system and in comes Item Enhancement, a much simplier version that focuses more on RNG loot then fusing skills. Battle feels a bit different because of the new controls but I grew to like it. Break Souls are interesting but I prefer Armatization as my ultra power up. Maps are fantiscally varied, another great improvement over Zesiria but for some reason you move through thses maps far slower, even with the Geoboard. Bosses feel a bit gimmicky at times, to many have reflect damage as a thing. Main story bosses are a bit better though not on par with Vesperia or Graces (I loved Graces bosses for some reason)Overall Score: 8.5/10. Tales Score: 9.5/10. As a general RPG this is a great game though you might want to wait for a sale if you aren't a Tales fan. As a Tales fan I can easily tell you to spend your money here as I haven't enjoyed a Tales game this much since Vesperia (My golden Tales game) 82 Hours and not even started my second playthrough, that says something about this game :D"
76561198027239685,Recommended,429660,30675389,Posted: 22 March,all,arkton,"Fantastic game. I'm literally speechless. An amazing story right surprising until the end.They must have planned Zestiria and Berseria together right from the beginning. All the lore, the names and locations, all has it's origin in Berseria. Still you could play both without knowing the other. Now after finishing Berseria, I would love to play Zestiria again - now so many cross-references make sense, and I'm eager to see what now has deeper meaning for me in Zestiria. Or maybe even hidden stories which you didn't give credit before.So, both games are a masterpiece. Releasing them in this order and doing it so well even more so.I'm glad this made it to PC, it's a well working port with 60fps. The game has lots of content.No second thoughts, a must-have JRPG."
76561198018403499,Recommended,429660,30519369,Posted: 14 March,all,SRCisMe,"While the story is not exactly a deviation from the traditional Tales narrative structure it does use some of the concepts and character roles in new ways which I thoroughly enjoyed.In many ways this game is evil mirror flipped twin of Zesteria in terms of plot and characters (superior in gameplay), combined they present a novel exploration of morality.I haven't enjoyed a Tales game this much since Abyss or Vesperia."
76561198124122728,Recommended,429660,30512362,Posted: 14 March,all,Muffinman,I've always been a fan of the Tales of Series. This one is something I really enjoyed. Even though I missed the linear combat system. Berseria really did well on the different type of battle system here.
,Recommended,429660,31036077,Posted: 9 April,all,Sans Senpai,"After 100+ hours I can say, that this was an amazing game. If you are looking to get into Tales or already into the series then hooo boi, this is an amazing entry ."
,Recommended,429660,30110864,Posted: 22 February,all,Gamerofthegame,"It's good! It's a very solid JRPG with a good cast, good writing and acting and great gameplay, too. It's pretty down to earth and doesn't get particularly JRPG-y, though a downside is that it's somewhat linear; all the side quests pretty much pop up at the end of the game for more character development and fashion items. Another downside is simply that the dungeon design is traaaash and in practice it's just stylized hallways to the next cutscene with baddies stuffed in there. Still, the baddies are fun to fight, so it's not to bad.If you played and enjoyed Tales of Symphonia - or any Tales of title, really, this is one of the highlights of the series. And it's usually a good series!"
76561198030067764,Recommended,429660,31035631,Posted: 9 April,all,garter_snake,"The best game that not enough people are playing.  Fun combat, engaging story."
76561198201678438,Recommended,429660,30034492,Posted: 19 February,all,Ryuseki,"Loved it, 10/10 for me. Easily takes a top 5 spot on my favorite RPG list."
76561198079557984,Recommended,429660,30033834,Posted: 19 February,all,Lolouch,Perfect game the story is fantastic and the character is attracting also the game play is improved since TOZI have finished the game and now I will play it again with new Game +
76561198084192792,Recommended,429660,30049148,Posted: 19 February,all,alvarotuso,"Story: 10/10. Refreshing, emotional, hateful, makes no sense, it's perfect.Gameplay: 9/10. The best battle system out of any tales game. Got bored of it just from how much I enjoyed even random encounters."
,Recommended,429660,30030244,Posted: 19 February,all,Stephen Fry is hot,"Wasn't expecting this to become one of my favorite games in recent memory but here it is.Berseria can be summed up as: everything that was terrible in Zestiria was fixed in Berseria. Combat flows nicer, gear system isnt unnecessarily convoluted, characters are wonderful, camera doesn't get stuck on random corners, story is a lot nicer (and depressing considering the events of Zestiria).The only complaints I have are relatively minor such as incorrect subtitles, last-gen graphics, and sidequests locked to end-game/post-game.It's refreshing to play a band of misfits who tells everyone to ♥♥♥♥ off. #livinlifeYOLOand yeah dawg i cried at the end :'("
,Recommended,429660,31033117,Posted: 8 April,all,FinnyFun,"Eh. It's okay.Okay, being serious now, I really really really liked this game, as you can see by my play time. I want to preface this by saying I didn't hate Zestiria, but I do know that Zestiria had a lot of problems such as the plot, characters, gameplay (armatization), and world. Berseria fixes a lot of these.The story is very engaging and I love the main party. It feels good to play and follow characters that are not a bunch of goody two-shoes or at least will get their hands dirty. All of the party members have their own motivations for being there and you are reminded time and again that these people are working together only because their interests align. If you only like to play games where the cast is altruistic then I don't reccomend you get this. Some people complain that one or two party members are not well integrated to the main plot very well and are pretty much along for the ride, though I don't mind this since I like their personalities.The story definitely has direction, unlike Zestiria which I felt what I was doing was pretty aimless a lot of the time. Tales games usually don't have the best plots anyway, though Berseria's is definitely up there. If I remember correctly only one thing isn't really explained, but they do lampshade it. While Berseria's story is good, it is very linear. A lot of the time you can't go back to areas you have been until certain points in the game and you don't get complete freedom until right before the very last dungeon.Armatization is no more so enemy stats aren't balanced around that anymore. You don't have to keep two members in the party and the camera is greatly improved from Zestiria. Berseria gives you more freedom with combos by allowing you to customize what move goes in what order which really helps with getting weakness combos (hitting all of the enemy's weaknesses). The only issue I have with this is that you usually change your button mappings when you enter a new area to fight the new enemy types so you change them pretty often. It'd be nice if you could be able to save some favorite settings but that's just me. If you don't want to change your combos all the time, you can just map a certain element to a string of buttons, though that can get a little boring. Also, the beginning of the game feels lackluster because you do not have as many artes. As you get more as you level up it starts to feel better. Also, in my opinion, Rokurou is really bad in the beginning of the game, so you may want to wait if you're interested in playing him.In game dungeons are still like Zestiria's which is really bad. They're all linear, disintersing, and the most complex puzzle is just pressing a button and lighting a torch.I enjoyed Tales of Berseria a lot. If you're looking for a good story with good characters then I really reccomend you get this. If you're hesitant after playing Zestiria, they've fixed a lot of the issues, though one or two things can still be felt. Overall I give it an 8/10."
76561198121974710,Recommended,429660,29955765,Posted: 15 February,all,Phos,"I am an emotionally restricted person. It's hard for me to feel much, honestly. This game though... This was one for the history books. I feel like I personally have grown from playing this game. This was an adventure, it was a journey, and I was part of it. Please ignore my playtime, I play mostly offline because of reasons, but I will never forget how this journey made me feel. My only, ONLY complaint is that you have to have played and beaten Tales of Zestiria for you to understand a lot of the significance of what's going on here."
76561198130568882,Recommended,429660,33365881,Posted: 8 July,all,L_o_S_t_U,"The story is impressive, tho I expect an alt ending."
,Recommended,429660,33366992,Posted: 8 July,all,ATastyFire,"Where do I begin with Berseria?Berseria is a fun game.  As a fan of the Tales of series, I picked up Berseria a while ago and though it was very confusing at first, I got really into it.  I don't know how the game works with KB/M since I used a PS4 controller which feels very fluid.  For the multiplayer folks, I haven't played this game with anyone yet to see if it works just as flawlessly as it does for singleplayer.CombatYou assign abilities, called artes, to your four face buttons.  They vary from healing, to defending, to spells and to attacks.  Basic attacks from previous Tales of games are gone.  You can switch characters out from the side lines if you need to quickly heal someone.  Combat is extremely smooth and combos flow smoothly though they may not always land because the previous attack moved you or the enemy out of range.  It was rough when I first started because I thought I was wasting TP to attack and didn't know how to keep souls filled but the help menu explains it quite plainly.Though I only played Velvet, each of the characters felt different in their playstyles in the brief period of time I played them when Velvet died.SoundtrackSoundtracks are alright I guess.  I don't really pay attention to them (because the combat at higher difficulties demand your complete attention) though it could just be seen as the soundtracks are forgetful.EDIT:  I just listened to Velvet Crowe's soundtrack, courtesy of another review on here by Saibot and it is absolutely fantastic.GraphicsGraphics are fantastic.  60 FPS with great visual design beats anything Zestiria all day every day.General PlayabilityI went from Berseria to Zestiria and that was a huge mistake.  I also literally just wrote my first Steam review there since that's how bad Zestiria is.If you didn't like Zestiria for anything like poor optimization or 30 FPS, then play Berseria.  Berseria fixes pretty much everything wrong with Zestiria.  Camera is absolutely amazing.  Controls (with a controller) feels amazing and fluid AND intuitive (something many people don't consider).  The game runs like smooth butter and looks fantastic as a result of the 60 FPS.I highly recommend the higher difficulties since they feel much more rewarding and drop better gear.  Gear makes much more of a difference than levels in Berseria.  The rewards in higher difficulties are amazing though you want to be careful since you can literally die in like 3 hits from just a random mob or your entire party can get wiped by a single spell.CharactersThey all have varied backgrounds and have good interaction with each other.Magilouthough I couldn't stand her at first, is by far my favorite character in the whole game now though I still don't like it when she says ""Magikazam.""  They have tons of lines in and outside of battle and the ending battle dialogue can be funny.  Skits are humorous too (and you don't need to be on a save point to view them - cough Zestiria).The overworld's characters have life too.  Though yeah, they say the same lines, they're consistent in their character (like if someone is a whiny farmer's son, they'll stay a whiny farmer's son with even a small bit of development to be a bit less whiny).ConclusionBerseria though a slight bit grindy with the equipment system, is a top tier Tales of game.  The story is a bit different from your average Tales game and the combat is absolutely phenomenal.  Berseria is leagues above the unplayable trash known as Zestiria so if Zestiria is making you hesitant to try this game, just forget about Zestiria.  Berseria fixes everything wrong about it and more.I give the game a 9/10 and not a 10/10 because the equipment system is a little too random and can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Cons for the game:Velvet's combos can get long - to the point where you wish you could stop attacking and block or dodge so you don't die in the middle of a lengthy arte.The subtitles get very bad towards the later half of the game."
,Recommended,429660,33370590,Posted: 8 July,all,нσℓℓιє,Great Game- kind of confused with the map and minimap
,Recommended,429660,33415894,Posted: 9 July,all,REDDIT RICK,"Heartwrenching experience from the moment the game begins.For those who have played the predecessor -Not only will you learn the story of what shaped the world leading to Zestiria but as a bonus you'll have the ability to meet Eizen, the brother of Edna long before his transformation into the dragon he becomes.Velvet and her retinue of misfits are a fairly enjoyable bunch to spend time wth as you traverse the plot.Her character is plenty more fleshed out than that of someone like Noctis.The combat is extremely stale, but not entirely grind heavy depending on what you're attempting to accomplish.There are a number of sidequests that will allow you to look a bit deeper into the world, some of which are completely beneficial to have a greater understanding towards the game.After playing a few entries in the Tales series I can say without a doubt from what (I've) seen, this is definately the most impactful."
,Recommended,429660,32373876,Posted: 12 June,all,Enderninja16,"Overall feelings: The story is awsome, the graphics are cool lookin, and the gameplay has made this one of my favorite games of all time.Combat: It feels really fluid and smooth but for simple people like me it sometimes turns into a button masher. However I feel if you put some time into your combat stratedgy instead of finding a way to easily defeat enemies and abuse it it'd be a amazing display of moves.Story (Spoiler free summary): I personnaly love the story. The suspense, comedy, characters, villians, I love all except a small thing that will be mentioned in my spoiler summary. You are a girl that is trying to avenge her brother. Who was sacrificed to ""a greater good"". Oh and by the way there is a breakable wall behind a chalice that is really hard to spot. I spent 5 hours trying to find this.Story (SPOILERS HO!! IF YOU DO NOT WANT SPOILERS TURN BACK NOW. I REALLY RECOMMEND YOU DON'T DO INTO THIS WITH ANYMORE INFOMATION THAN GIVEN ABOVE): As I soaid you are a girl named Velvet that has become a therion after jumping into gaint pit in your home town to save your little brother that was sacrificed by Artorious, your brother inlaw, to start a new age were every one can see deamons and malikan. Deamons come into bieng when people feel intense negative emotions that turn them feral and give them intense strength and speed. Our main character is special type of deamon called a therion. Therions keep their personalities unlike the normal deamons and can absorb other demons to absorb their power. You fight a organization called the Abbey. The Abbey goal is to kill demons and save as many lifes as possibal or at least that is what they tell the people. Our main characters find out their true goal is to awaken a god and to have Artorious, the leader of the Abbey, control it's power. In order to stop this and to thwart Artoriouses plans you gather up other therions so he can no longer feed the god with negative energy through earthpulses. Earthpulses are vains of life energie that leads directly to this god and as it turns out if you remove a therions from a earthpulse deamonblight spreads. Demon blight is the negative emotions the turn people into deamons. You evently take over a prison to make your base of operations. I have beaten the game and I will not tell anything past that point due to the the emotions that you will feel. I am a REALLY unemotional person. I'll rarely feel strong emotions and when I do I can hide them really well but I could feel the tears welling up. This probally is because the end deals with a scenario I NEVER want to be put in. Anyway I'll my next review will be for dishonored 2."
,Recommended,429660,33416210,Posted: 9 July,all,claisolais,"I wish I could erase my memories and play it again, I have not enjoyed a game's story so much for a really long time.One of the best purchase that I've made.A much better PC port than TOZ, also a better story, although the ending is...kinda strange tho.One thing, The ending closed too fast, that I was not able to calm myself and take my time to enjoy it as a game. :(Characters are rich and feel alive, which makes the game awesome even for those who just want a good story experience."
,Recommended,429660,33418796,Posted: 9 July,all,Huge Hands Hans,"I like most if not all tales games and this ticks all the boxes for me. Tales games are a tried forumla that they stick with and it keeps me coming back essentially for a story rehash over the same engine, spells, and real time combat.What isnt normally a slam dunk for games like this is its technical aspects as a PC game. So far this game works just fine 1080p 60FPS, isnt CPU hungry, and lets you alt+tab to change windows without it crashing. So as far as the game running as a well coded program theres no concern there."
76561197987772532,Recommended,429660,33456268,Posted: 11 July,all,sensej.pl,This is just amazing ... !!!!
76561198119597558,Recommended,429660,33453550,Posted: 11 July,all,DangoS,nice
,Recommended,429660,33459718,Posted: 11 July,all,Terravir,"Tales of Bersersia tells a wonderful story involving a cast of great characters, who go through their own character developments. None so tragic as the tale of the main protagonist, hers is a rollercoaster of highs and lows that will pluck at the players heart strings. A journey that involves love, loss, betrayel, hatred and redemption. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll not soon forget.The story is supported by good sound and music, as well as excellent voice acting. Parts of the story are told through high quality animated cutscenes.As a whole this port is well done, runs very smooth and works well with a controller.The combat itself is quite complex which can also be a bit of a turn off. I'm not a big fan of how the combat insists on locking you onto an enemy when the combat system supports hit detects just fine. Would've rather been allowed to run around a bit more freely on the battlefield. Switching targets can also be annoying as its either unreliable, or reliable but requires you to essentially pause the game for a moment.On the plus side it allows you to mix and match your combo chains, and the combat system has a surprising amount of depth to the whole. It even has no trouble with some high-risk/high-reward kind of skills, that if used improperly can really hurt you... but if used well...I mostly went for the main story myself. Expect this adventure to sweep you along for a good 40 hours or so. Introducing new mechanics all along the way. Can't say i ever got bored playing, even for a moment, as i found myself constantly interested in finding out where the story was going to take me next.Tales of Bersersia is truely a work of art and well deserves the overwhelming praise that is is receiving. Don't miss out on this epic tale."
,Recommended,429660,33284026,Posted: 5 July,all,NCISagentmike,"Great Story, Great BGM, Better than Zestiria, Highly Recommend"
76561198051309478,Recommended,429660,32190558,Posted: 4 June,all,jbee02,"A stellar entry in a great rpg seriesI've been a long time fan of the ""Tales of"" series from Bandai Namco. I've played every Tales of game released in the US since Tales of Symphonia. Tales of Abyss has been, for a long time, my favorite Tales of game, but not anymore.Though It's story is nothing new. At its core its a betrayal and revenge story in the same vain as the The Count of Monte Cristo, albeit a darker version with a fantasy setting instead of a historical one. Though Berseria may not win any originality awards, it more than makes up with a stellar execution.The Tales of Series has always excelled at characterization and it is at it's best here. The main character and anti-hero Velvet Crowe is a compelling character, and  her band of misfits make for a great cast of character who will bring you on emotioanal journey that will have you both laughing and crying. This is definitly one of Tales of series darkest story, and it's best one. Trumping even Tales of Abyss which for the longest time i considered the best Tales of story in the series.Though Tales of Abyss may have been my favortite Tales of game due it's great story, Tales of Xilla had the best gameplay mechanics in the series.  Like it's predicesors, this Tales of Berseria is an excelent action rpg, with great replayability thanks to an excellent new game + system, that's been a staple of the series since Tales of Symphonia. Though it's combat other game mechanics is great by any standards, it's still slightly lags behind Tales of Xillia, which i consider mechanically the best Tales of game. Tales Besria combat in comparison leans a bit more into the button mashing side in comparison and its skill system isn't as good as tales of xillia's skill tree system."
76561198012741285,Recommended,429660,33437180,Posted: 10 July,all,TheRabbitLord,"In my opinion, this is the best Tales game that's been released thus far. The combat is fantastic and fluid, while the story is compelling and the characters are well made and fleshed-out.If you like JRPGs, I would highly recommend picking up this game. ♥"
76561198074198687,Recommended,429660,33440200,Posted: 10 July,all,RIkoga,Interesting tale. I was very impressed.I recommend it to everyone who likes Zestiria or Tales.
76561198136239402,Recommended,429660,33335146,Posted: 7 July,all,Crassonator,"Its kind of an interesting story, because your not necessarily a hero in this game. In fact it seems similar to the antagonists path. To acheive the greater good, killing and destroying peoples lives comes with the territory. But all the characters are still so likable. Some of the party banter is freaking halarious! So its totally worth checking out even just for characters and story alone."
,Recommended,429660,33456917,Posted: 11 July,all,DenAcied,"I've always liked the Tales of-games, but this one is by far the one I prefer.The protagonist is grim and dark, even though the story is a bit cliché (which is not a synonym to bad in any way), I keep wanting to play more to find out what's behind the next corner.The environments are a bit repetitive and generic, which is a bit of a downer.Battle system is as deep as you want to make it: you can let the game decide what's the best combo at the moment and spam the A button, or you can customize and use button combinations to your heart's content. Very nice"
,Recommended,429660,33467044,Posted: 11 July,all,Wolfy,"Tales of Berseria is one of my first non-Final Fantasy JRPG games, and all I can say is wow. Velvet has become my favorite playable character of all time, bar none. The battle system is as simple as you need it to be in order to clear; or by bumping up the difficulty and paying attention to details such as combo's, stuns, elemental weaknesses, it gives you so much control to challenge yourself as you see fit.The world feels full, and the story well written. Even the one character meant to be annoying, has a story and purpose in the world and overall narrative. I feel the effect my character is having on the world, and it’s impactful.Combat is fast paced and exciting, and the game feels fluid compared to other RPG games I've played in the past.I would highly recommend this game to anyone that likes RPG's in general, and it's single handedly rekindled my interest in the entire genre."
,Recommended,429660,33475939,Posted: 12 July,all,Veno,"This game was pretty good, only complaints being the last dungeons design, which was a massive time waster. Also very dialouge heavy, with about half your playtime probably reading convos."
,Recommended,429660,33492818,Posted: 12 July,all,Sedres,"Much better entry than the previous game, Tales of Zesteria. Combat is simple but fun, progression isn't as convulated as Zesteria, story is nothing to write home about but the cast are charming enough to get a pass. This is based on primarily finishing the story and not delving into any end game or NG+ material."
76561198091606155,Recommended,429660,33505858,Posted: 13 July,all,息子の死,"I liked the battle system in zestiria better, but this one is still pretty good"
76561198010615800,Recommended,429660,30362960,Posted: 6 March,all,fox_the_apprentice,"I liked Tales of Zestiria's story, but the gameplay was a bit of a grind. This has been fixed in Berseria: you get the great story and likable characters without it feeling like a pain to keep regular enemies down. Bosses can still pose a challenge, but it depends on the boss."
,Recommended,429660,30363884,Posted: 6 March,all,Willexan,"I've played Tales of Phantasia when I was a kid; it was a great game with some very memorable characters. Saw this game with a good review and decided to give it a try.The writing and the story is very well done and had me to tears at certain points. The characters all have unique personalities, their own motives and fleshed out backstories. The combat system is enjoyable and challenging at times when played on chaos difficulty. It truely lives up to the Tales of Phantasia in my memory and had me *very* excited when a certain party member uses a certain mystic arte."
,Recommended,429660,30364066,Posted: 6 March,all,Wisigothi,I would like to start by saying i spend alot of time in offline mode so i have more hours than it says.i could go into all of the fine details about this game but really the only noun that is needed is 'masterpiece'
,Recommended,429660,31210737,Posted: 17 April,all,McBeef,The best tales game I've played since vesperia
,Recommended,429660,30366096,Posted: 6 March,all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"I've considered Tales games to basically be the vanilla ice cream of JRPGs for the better part of a decade now. Although they never sunk to Compile Heart's level of literally copy-pasting entire dungeons into three consecutive games, Namco Bandai wasn't terribly interested in surprising anyone who'd played one of their games before - whether it was the general theme of the power of friendship or such bizarrely specific elements as a character that coudln't cook, Tales was basically just reskinning itself every few years. It never produced a bad game, but most of the positive memories I have of the recent series are from laughing at it rather than with it.Berseria, thankfully, changes that. It's still a long way from competing for #1 JRPG, but it's the first time in ages that I felt like Namco really tried. They've made a genuinely entertaining cast and world, and even more remarkably, a plot that's largely unique, I can actually recommend Berseria for its story, and that's not something I thought I'd be saying about a Tales game ever again.That said, longstanding series issues remain. The dungeons are filled with wholly unnecessary stretches of nothing and ""puzzles"" that mostly consist of running to every end of said nothingness. Despite all-around improvements in the writing, some lines are still comically heavy-handed. The soundtrack is completely forgettable. The combat system is clumsily explained across basically the entire length of the game. And so on. Berseria is absolutely still entertaining despite these issues, but they're enough to prevent it from being truly great.Essential if you've ever enjoyed a Tales game, and strongly recommended to JRPG fans in general. Here's hoping Namco Bandai's newfound creativity isn't just a one-off."
,Recommended,429660,30347459,Posted: 5 March,all,Mabosaha,"Pirated. Played for 5 hours. Uninstalled.Because I wanted to buy this gem.This is a great JRPG where you can sink over 100 hours into it if you're not in just for the main story. Quite linear start yet you can revisit locations and grind to your hearts desire. Excellent JP voice acting, lovely art-style, immersive story."
,Recommended,429660,30307617,Posted: 3 March,all,Maiyell,Full controller support for generic USB controllers sold this game for me.But I bought an x360 controller just for this.
,Recommended,429660,29699189,Posted: 4 February,all,Defvayne,"After Zestiria, I thought I might be done with this series. I enjoyed it, but it lacked that magic that the others had. When I heard about Berseria, I was unsure. I decided to give them another shot and I'm glad I did.I've played quite a few of the Tales games. Vesperia, Symphonia, Graces, Xillia 1-2, Abyss, Zestiria, and Hearts. This is my favorite entry in the series. After eighty plus hours I still want more. If you're a Tales fan, or a JRPG fan in general you owe it to yourself to take the plunge.Pros:Darker story that doesn't rely on the clichès of the genre. There is no amnesia here!Most characters are likeable and have a great english VO. Only a few grating ones stand out, but they don't get a ton of screeen time.The battle system is similar to previous Tales, but the soul gauge and break soul mechanics help to set it apart. Enemies also drop tons of equipment. This makes battling feel more purposeful outside of just grinding level and money.This game performs great on PC. I played with max settings at 4K with no issues.Characters can recieve skills and upgrades from equipment. Similar to FFIX. Once you master a skill, it's yours forever. Much improved over Zestiria's RNG based system.Optional events are listed on the map, so it makes it easier to find all the events. In past Tales, it was easy to miss events.Souls and materials are sprinkled throughout the world. It makes it feel like everything has a purpose and no time is wasted. Even if that corner didn't have a treasure chest, it had ten souls which will come in handy later.Mid way through you get an item that helps traverse the landscape quicker. It also allows you to avoid combat with weaker enemies. Wonderful time saver.Cons:Berseria suffers from the same bland environments that plagued Xillia 1/2 and Zestiria. There are some spots with beautiful scenery, but there also blue caves, green caves, red caves, and so on.There isn't a whole lot of post game content. After the main quest is over, there isn't much left to do.Not as many post battle skits as I would have liked. In past Tales, it seemed like more were added as you progressed, but Berseria seems to lack that.Final Thought:If you are a fan of JRPG's or are looking to try one this is a great example of how great they can be. I've been playing RPG's since the 16 bit era and I rarely enjoy them as much as I used to. I truly enjoyed this game and it's characters. By the end, I actually cared about them. After Berseria, I cannot wait to see what they put out next!"
76561197994322547,Recommended,429660,30320289,Posted: 4 March,all,Dr. Namos,"I don't finish many games, but this one grabbed me and wouldn't let go. Story is carried by the characters (Magilou is the best), and the combat is solid, if somewhat easy.One of the best JRPGs to come out in a long while. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,429660,30353956,Posted: 6 March,all,Prewns,"Almost a direct upgrade from Zestiria that improves upon it in many ways, particularly in that it runs properly on a PC and the combat doesn't feel like♥♥♥♥♥for ages at the start of the game."
,Recommended,429660,30354239,Posted: 6 March,all,Chunchunmaru,"it's a breath of fresh air for tales series fans after that abysmal zestiria.The story is amazing but the battle is still feels a bit lacking, also the equipment mastery isnt as good as vesperia, but hey, if zestiria is your first tales series and you like it, definitely check this one out  because its a whole lot better than zestiria.after playing it for 110h. I'll rate this game 8.5/10"
76561198155865733,Recommended,429660,30134914,Posted: 23 February,all,erwinadriansyah,"Why do birds fly?BecauseI'M GOING TO KILL YOU, ARTORIUS!!!"
,Recommended,429660,30111044,Posted: 22 February,all,Pandan,"I've tried almost every other entry in the Tales series, this one is the only one i've played all the way through.It's very good for a JRPG.A genre i'm normally not too found of outside of the earlier Final Fantasy games.Only gripe I have with the game, is that a lot of the unlockable bonus content pales in comparison to the paid DLC costumes. Which is a shame. I miss the days of old when all that stuff was unlockable for free."
,Recommended,429660,31346847,Posted: 24 April,all,<_Nega_Nebulus_>,it's good
76561198025276041,Recommended,429660,31382075,Posted: 26 April,all,thasubi,"I bought it at pull price, and I would buy it again.I played it once, and I will play it again.The best jrpg i've played since FFX.Also, it's my first Tales game, and I completely love it, so maybe i'll consider playing others too.Loved the story, loved the characters, loved the gameplay... I even loved Kamoana despite the fact that my ears were bleeding.The best 50€ spent on a game by far...9/10 in my opinion :)"
,Recommended,429660,31364511,Posted: 25 April,all,VastGameMaster,"This has been an amazing game to play also my first Tales game. I felt such joy playing this game then I did any other games except MGSV. If you like anime and you think Velvet is hot or interesting atleast, then give this game a try. This game is a Spin-off/prequal to Tales of Zestiria."
,Recommended,429660,31365908,Posted: 25 April,all,Techercizer,"Pretty much everything a modern JRPG should be, with gameplay so fun you'll start accidentally grinding just to keep the fights going, and a story that makes you never want to put it down.Everything comprehensive I'd want to say in a review has already been said before. Try the demo and see what the 96% positive rating is all about. Don't forget to bring a controller, though."
76561198016113056,Recommended,429660,31371031,Posted: 26 April,all,DarkInfestor,"Overall: This game was super fun. There's a lot of interesting stories with each of the characters. Solid character development. Nice world, and pretty good graphics. I loved the combat, although it does become a bit tedious when you have solid combos laid out. In combat, you get punished for mistakes and can be a bit reliant on RNG for stuns or other ailments.(POSSIBLE SPOILERS)My biggest complaint with this game is how massive the dungeons are. It got to the point where I encountered a new dungeon and thought, ""Oh boy how long will it take me to get across this place."" and the use of Geoboard didn't improve that to much.The story was awesome and I wanted to keep playing to see how the story turned out and what not. Quite tragic, but a very compelling and entertaining story with some sweet themes. Although the themes are kind of shoved into your face, but still nice themes none the less. The character development in the game was spot on. As the game progresses you can get a feel to how everyone in the party is growing on one another and the party dynamics. You literally see a character go from mindless drone to someone making their own choices about what they want to do and how. You see how characters influence one another in decision making. The party goes from rag tag group of random people, to an established group in which each person helps out one other in some way. Each character grew in their own way, and after doing lots of side quests, some even found closure in their lives. or accepted parts about them they didn't like and stuff of the sort. It's quite inspirational.Combat wise: as I said before can become tedious, but feels awesome when you unlock new abilities that link with previous combos more effectively and what not. Mystic Artes felt awesome to use especially when you get extra damage on the hits. Getting an over 60k damage Mystic Arte felt amazing, sometimes a little difficult to achieve, but felt so rewarding. Although as Velvet I found myself just spamming a couple different combos, it didn't matter what type of enemy it was, I could just spam 2 different combo strings over and over and win every time as long as I got a little lucky and relcaimed souls from stunning and what not. I would just break soul every time Velvet's therionization out so I never really felt like I was in danger to often, even if 3 allies got wiped in the first 2 seconds. It's literally how I beat the final sequence of battles.Graphic/Sound wise: Eh, the sounds and graphics aren't bad, but there not revolutionary or anything in my opinion. I guess what I'm saying here is that it feels standard.The world did feel alive, espcially when introduced to Class 4 Islands. Although late game it's like oh boy another class 4 to beat. but when you're still in the early mid game and learn things about the world or hear about something from npc's you felt like the world was alive. Especially as you progress through the game, the NPC's make remarks about rumors of events that you participated in, mkaing the world actually feel like it moved as you progressed through the game."
76561198025612648,Recommended,429660,31434822,Posted: 29 April,all,Keanu Weebs,"Having Played this game (for over 60 hours) through a friend; i had to buy it.I'm not a fan of Recent Tales games, the last one i enjoyed was Tales of Vesperia on the xbox360, and i cannot overstate how much this game felt like a return to form for the Tales series.this game had what i wanted:Character interaction.a good (albeit predicatble) story.characters that not only made me laugh, but care for as well.a new (for me) battle system.now onto the bad:sometimes the dialogue can get cheesy, but i forgive JRPG's for that as long as they deliver on the story and gameplay; which ToB does.lots to do, and plenty for the perfectionists.i felt like this game kept up the pace and didnt feel overly long or too short; it set a pace and kept it well.i feel like it treated it's content reverently and smartly; with various themes that alot of more edgy games will not touch. sometimes i felt like Velvet (the main Heroine) felt a bit like Yuri from ToV, but not so much as to where she wasnt her own character; and it was beautiful to watch her come into her own throughout the story.overall i VERY much enjoyed the game, and highly recommend it.10/10 would fight the whole world for the sake of my selfish revenge all over again."
,Recommended,429660,30560391,Posted: 16 March,all,Rivian,"Bought it because the combat looked nice, but I was not prepared for the writing. Most emotional game I have ever played, hands down.The only thing I dislike is how tied specific mechanics are to levels of upgrades on your gear, as opposed to levels on your characters themselves - your combo length is limited by how many souls you currently have, and later in the game you'll unlock things which increase your total souls / the amount of souls you start a fight with by 1, but only if your equipment has been upgraded many times. Meaning you need to invest a ton of resources to use these mechanics, and if you change even one piece of gear you lose those bonuses. There is basically no point in the game you will be able to make full use of this because, thanks to the mastery system, you want to use as many pieces of gear as possible for the most bonuses - also because you're constantly finding better gear, and the +10 weapon you have now would be inferior to the weapon you just got now if you upgraded it 10 times as well.Aside from that, the game was everything I was hoping for and then some."
,Recommended,429660,29708046,Posted: 4 February,all,Kazolas,"A superb addition to the Tales series with a surprisingly in-depth battle system. You'll be asking yourself ""Am I playing the villain or the hero?"" throughout the game."
,Recommended,429660,29679870,Posted: 3 February,all,Hariwulf,"The biggest attention to details I've EVER seen.This game is beautiful, deep (both in terms of gameplay and story), rich in content and extremely fun to play.jRPGs and cRPGs are saving the genre. Make sure you support them!:)"
,Recommended,429660,29938932,Posted: 15 February,all,Boring,best JRPG since FF7 - in my humble opinion of course
76561197991721167,Recommended,429660,29939103,Posted: 15 February,all,N.A,"My first review on the second game that i have played from the tales of stories. If Zestiria didn't held my interest to even finish it, Berseria did and provided what i was looking from a game . To be honest i would love more games like this, where the developers set different information regarding various issues that the npc are impacted with and doesn't complement the main story line. It has a personal touch to it and makes the world feel alive.Yes, the game it's pretty much linear and they could improve this aspect with future releases.For all it's worth, it's a good game and I have 0 issues to recommend it ."
76561198087854018,Recommended,429660,29934482,Posted: 14 February,all,invaderplayz,I have only play one other tales of game and that was tales of the abyss. this game has a very good story. but the combat get old very quickly the graphics are not up to the 2017 standards. But the game is really fun to play. Don't let the hrs foul you I'm about 16 hrs into this game. This is a game you play for the story and it is a good one
76561198062601578,Recommended,429660,29878036,Posted: 12 February,all,the chaser,amazing
,Recommended,429660,29880749,Posted: 12 February,all,Imbaspectre™,Bieeennn...!
76561198029180601,Recommended,429660,29874978,Posted: 12 February,all,keenedge_claymorre,"One of the best RPGS I have played, since Skyrim."
76561197974335494,Recommended,429660,29956150,Posted: 15 February,all,nukascrue,"Been a fan of the Tales series since Symphonia, and played every one since then. Can honestly say Berseria has been by favorite of the series by far - incredible story, fantastic characters, and great gameplay. CAnnot recommend enough, either to newcomers of the Tales series or to veterans."
,Recommended,429660,29956279,Posted: 15 February,all,Tsukasa,"So, just figured i'd give a base review. So far i'm only five hours in.Simply put, this PC port of Tales of Berseria is probably hands down the best PC port we've had of a Tales game to date. With true 60 FPS options, a generous amount of graphics options, and killer optimization, those of you who were teetering due to Zesteria's somewhat mixed release can rest easy: It's up to the quality standard that you're expecting.For those of you concerned with the one censored scene, just go watch the uncensored cutscene, get it out of your system, and move on with your lives and enjoy the rest of the game for what it is.But anyways, let's talk about the actual game:Tales of Berseria is an RPG game, part of a long-standing series known as the *Tales Of:* In this Entry, we follow the story of a young woman named Velvet, whose kind-hearted demeanor was warped somewhere down the line and now her quest for revenge leads her into a myriad of people, and situations in order to attain her goals.For those of you who are fans of RPG's, in even the most minute of forms: I highly recommend giving this game a shot. If this is your first JRPG, then there's a couple of things you should generally be aware of before rolling into these kind of games:- The art style is highly focused on Anime-Esque character models.- The emphasis is mostly on story > gameplay complexity- You'll notice that some characters are 'Quirky' in some regards. This is pretty normal-faire for the *Tales Of* series.- Generally, you'll want to play the game in it's native language.I stress the last point, because generally the Japanese VA's tend to not only be better, but capture the essence of the character in a way that I feel like the creator's imagined them. I'm not saying that English VA's can't be good, but I feel like the Japanese VA market is a lot pickier, and as a result quality tends improve drastically.----------------------Visuals:Easily gets a solid score here. Visuals look crisp, refreshing, and have that signature Tales look that we've come to love and enjoy in recent Tale's Titles. The character designs are all pretty interesting in some way or another. The area's i've wandered into so far have been visually impressive in some manner or another, albeit, some of the dungeon areas begin to feel a little ""Same-ish"" upon second thought.You spend just about enough time in an area to grow familiar with it, only to say goodbye to it just as fast so a sense of permanence hasn't been felt yet so far in my five hours of game time. Still though, it's very pretty.-----------Combat:Probably the funnest combat system in a Tales game to date. Break arts add an interesting flavor to combat, and all of the characters so far feel interesting to play in some margin. Combat is done in real-time, and the flow is especially nice in this one. AI has been drastically improved since the last game, and there's a plethora of tactical views/commands you can give to your party to make them stronger.The basis is that your character's have a ""soul"" gauge, which acts as a stamina bar of sorts. You can get more ""Soul"" by either defeating enemies, stunning them, making them suffer a staus effect, or dodging perfectly (which makes a random 'Soul' spawn on the combat field that anyone can pick up.)The combo systems also a lot easier to manage this time around. Instead of Zesteria's direction-based combat system, we instead get combos that are assigned to the four buttons, and are free to assign artes to them as we see fit. Generally, this means that you'll have combos that are dedicated to taking out a certain enemy type.Artes have also seen a bit of a change. They're now divided into three types.Enemies prefer swarm tactics, which makes sense for most of the creatures. It's up to you to both dodge/evade smartly, and counter-attack accordingly. The evasion window is a lot less generous than it was in past tales of games, so a bit more skill is required in this one.Truthfully though, I highly recommend slamming that difficulty up to max immediately. Moderate felt a little too easy for me, as a tales veteran myself. Newcomers to the series might feel like the combat feels ""Slow and dull"" until you start getting Velvet's special ability. The other characters open up different playstyles, but I won't lie: For once, I'm pretty satisfied playing as the MC. Unlike Sorey, I find myself enjoying Velvet for her berserker-like playstyle.--------Music:Battle music is good, area music seems to fit every area i've wandered into, so no real complaints. Haven't heard anything that's really stood out to me yet where i'm like: ""Gotta find that on youtube later!"" though.No complaints, but not real compliments either on this front.-----Story:So far? I'm only five hours in. What I've gotten out of it so far has me genuinely intrigued though. I feel like a child being lead at the moment, though. One moment it feels like Velvets in control, while the next i'm totally uncertain whose actually leading who.Some things fall into convenience a little too well for my liking, but I'm definitely loving the grim undertone of the story so far. The small bits of comedy here and there are well-placed, and thankfully, not too overwhelming as to totally make you forget that you're a wanted Daemon, and that you essentially have a rag-tag group of similar people who are also in a situation that makes them have complications of their own.That being said, the party characters are....a bit flat, admittedly. Maybe i'm at a point in the game where they just feel like odd tag-a-longs, but none of the characters minus Velvet feel very fleshed out at the moment. We'll see how much that improves with time.--------------Overall? Yeah, It's worth keeping, just based off this small bit of experience alone. It's been a thrill so far, and here's hoping it'll continue to be a thrill as I keep playing."
76561198035901928,Recommended,429660,29946041,Posted: 15 February,all,Miru,"This game consumed my life for like a straight week. I'm still playing it too. There's a lot of story and none of it ever gets boring. The game makes you want to keep going to find out what happens next. Aside from the story, there are a lot of side quests that actually contribute to the main story, so everything feels useful. The story and side quests are all voiced too, which is one of the reasons why none of it got tedious or boring to me. The characters are fun and crazy in their own way, which also helped make the game fun. I love Tales games, but this one is definitely up there above a lot. There are a lot more in game fashion items in Berseria too, so that's another plus with its customization options. If you're considering playing Tales of Zestiria, I would say to play this one first. Berseria will definitely make you understand Zestiria more."
76561198134824505,Recommended,429660,29738861,Posted: 6 February,all,theReaper,Such a great game and did very well with the computer version.
,Recommended,429660,29682479,Posted: 3 February,all,Russ Vint,"I am probably not far enough into the game to give a proper review, but so far I love this game. The story is dark and emotional (especially compared to Zestiria), and has great characters. JRPGs I typically find to have a lot of grinding, which is one thing I HATE about any RPG, but in Tales of Berseria I (so far) have not felt like I have to do any grinding. Yes, obviously there will be plenty of combat (which is more or less the same as Zestiria, except you can now freely move the camera), but you can avoid some of it and (again, so far) never feel like you have to back track and kill monsters over and over to level up. And unlike in many other RPGS, you feel like you are constantly progressing the story, as opposed to games like Elder Scrolls or Fallout, where most of your time is spent exploring and doing mostly meaningless side quests (those are still great games though). As far as the PC port goes, Tales of Berseria is excellent. While the Tales of Symphonia port was filled with technical issues (I haven't played it yet, but everyone seems to say the same thing about it), Berseria constantly runs at 60 FPS (you can change the cap between 30 and 60), and besides my controller (Xbox One controller) randomly stopping working while in game a couple times (unplugging and plugging back in normally fixed it), I have not had any crashes or bugs of any kind. There are a decent amount of graphics options, nothing mind blowing, but not a dissapointing lack of. Graphically, the game looks pretty nice with it's anime art style, and sometimes the environment looks beautiful, but when when you get up close to some things it will look a little ugly here and there."
76561197960426268,Recommended,429660,29747926,Posted: 6 February,all,Sevaar1H,"Easily the best RPG i've played since perhaps Star Ocean 2, or the Lunar Remake on Playstation. 100% complete story combat and gameplay are flawless."
,Recommended,429660,29748564,Posted: 6 February,all,I Am The Freakshow,"If you want to play a good RPG, play Berseria.Great game, kept me hooked right until the end."
,Recommended,429660,29748734,Posted: 6 February,all,Smitty,Such a lust for revenge.
76561198035101139,Recommended,429660,29678997,Posted: 3 February,all,Iceblizard,"Significant improvement over Tales of Zesteria, and I would give that one a thumbs up.The characters very quite good, story so far is pretty solid and you do make a connection with the characters. The gameplay is solid, I like the soul system, although its slow early on in the game.Overall I would recommend this to any JRPG fan or tales fan its a fantastic game"
76561198128450366,Recommended,429660,29598313,Posted: 30 January,all,Yubi Bang,"Zestiria was good, this is infinitely better in every aspect (my opinion of course.) I have yet to beat this game, however I feel I am far enough into the game to be able to tell that this is quite a solid entry into the ""Tales of"" series. I have played most english released tales games and beat Eternia, Symphonia, Legendia (I know), Vesperia, and Zesteria. So far this has been the second most enjoyable one that I have played. Again, my opinion may change by the time I finish, but so far I am very impressed."
76561198043175448,Recommended,429660,29598353,Posted: 30 January,all,Dubbya2011,"Great game, a little on the easy side though so if you played any other tales game you might wanna bump up the difficulty before starting."
,Recommended,429660,29598390,Posted: 30 January,all,Malakias,Love revenge stories. 10/10
76561198153433463,Recommended,429660,29598563,Posted: 30 January,all,waterfallbirdgreeny2,I like the style of this game plus its a really cool gameplay. I have played Tales of Zestiria and I like how similar the gameplay is and I plan to enjoy this game till the end ! I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys RPG games and likes a good storyline.
76561198141211698,Recommended,429660,29598688,Posted: 30 January,all,chen83,"I buy this game because I am intrigued by the character and music.  Velvet is the most interesting character in recent memory.  A revenge-motivated sister with demonic claw/hand and a ragtag of adventurers travelling on a pirate ship.  The music is awesome, hooked me from opening.  This is also my first ""Tales of"" game.  Looking forward to complete this game to its bitter end."
76561198103328589,Recommended,429660,29591002,Posted: 30 January,all,BabaYaga,"Overall its a pretty well crafted JRPG game for me, and that comes from a non tales- series players. I love all the character designs, story might seems a bit dark sometimes. but all and all it is a good game. Would recommend this game to any JRPG enthusiast out there.The main issue that i got frome the recent version of the game is the Party member AI, all of them doesnt seem to follow the strategy that i set, being so passive and all.Did a lil bit of research here and there, there are actually an issue regarding this matter in the PC version.Please Fix this!!!Aside of that, it's been a great experience so far :)"
,Recommended,429660,29593389,Posted: 30 January,all,TheBlueFox,"This game is a breath of fresh air.Coming from Zestiria I was disappointd to see the latest installation of the Tales series to be so lackluster, boring, and tedius. I was hesitant to give this game a try, but I'm glad I did.From the get-go the story is vastly superior, the characters are interesting and I'm actually inspired to find out more about them.The combat system has gone back to a better place, and the new mechancis introduced are alot easier to work with than in Zestiria. The camera also DOESN'T FIGHT YOU like it did in Zestiria! The camera certain got an AI upgrade to say the least. All in all it feels smoother and easier to manage.NO MORE SKILL BOARD!Jesus that thing was a nightmare. No longer will you have to get 40 peices of gear just to find the RIGHT one with a skill to transfer over to another piece of gear, just to replace that gear later on. Now, you break down unused gear into materials which can be used to flat out upgrade other materials, increasing their base stats and unlocking extra skills. When it comes time to swap to new gear, break down the old upgraded gear for rare materials and use those materials to upgrade your new gear! You also get to KEEP one skill from mastered gear permanently on your character, so each new gear mastered adds permanent benefits.There are some re-used assets from Zestiria, and not just items. Character models, animations, enemies, you'll find yourself thinking ""wait, I've seen that guy before"" or ""Why is this dude using Lilah's moveset?"" and ""Hey! He's using that cosmetic weapon!"" but it's not a bad thing, it's just something you'll notice.All in all I believe this is a step up in every direction from Zestiria, and I'm looking forward to playing it more."
,Recommended,429660,29836310,Posted: 10 February,all,Lord_Mikoda,I don't hate it...
,Recommended,429660,29843017,Posted: 11 February,all,Onionike,Amazing 0.0
,Recommended,429660,29833478,Posted: 10 February,all,Choi,This game is too good to miss for JRPG fans in general.
76561198031613489,Recommended,429660,29833914,Posted: 10 February,all,Aoshi,Awesome story. Okay music. Some repeitiveness that kinda sucks. But overall it has that Tales charm. It's a long and interesting story. I highly recommend playing Tales of Zestiria before playing this. You will really enjoy Berseria more if you do.
76561198169591958,Recommended,429660,29847389,Posted: 11 February,all,potato,"Good soundtrack, Great characters, Very fun combat, Whats not to love?it also has magilou so if that isnt an instant buy i don't know what is"
76561198032445838,Recommended,429660,29839809,Posted: 10 February,all,IceMan#1,"So far puzzles are way easier to solve then last game, great game and story, combat is sub par though but I can over look it since I just a decent combo to my liking and the only one that took me hours upon hours to find because all others were either leaving me open to attacks like a sitting duck after the combos finished or they used to much soul usage, or they were just boring to look at since the visuals of most skills for Velvet seem to be boring compared to every single tales combat game to date which was a huge drawback for me but since about an hour or so ago I have finnally found a decent setup that made me finnally see no flaws in this game now, will make sure I add the combo skills setup I have linked for the future to never forget my favorite setup^^  Traversering is much shorter and easier and also backtracking is way way way less than tales of zestiria even between scenarios they keep it to a minimum like when they had to meet someone back at a certain meeting place which I won't spoil but I will state that I only had to traverse through town, enter one map which had a nice small skit which was funny and then I think the next screen or the one after max is when I arrived, so it was nice and short, everything seems to be fixed so far just like everyone said it would be, very happy."
76561198005616821,Recommended,429660,29864795,Posted: 11 February,all,virgothree,"Great storyline, and excellent characters! I highly recommend this if you're a JRPG fan, a must play."
,Recommended,429660,29851003,Posted: 11 February,all,Lilien,Excellent R2 simulator.
76561198010420581,Recommended,429660,29858313,Posted: 11 February,all,Gunnar,"""Why do birds fly?""I dont even know where to start.After the not so great zestiria, berseria comes to redeem the series and score a great prologue history that make almost everything from zestiria makes sense.The characters are a very strong point of the game, all unique and with very powerfull personalities, even the support ones, wich is a nice addiction.The combat continues a strong point and is very fluid , thanks to the standard 60 fps.The item system is the only weak point in my opinion, but its a lot better than the zestiria system, wich was a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of rng things, theres still some rng, but its a lot more doable.The side quests are enjoyable too, especially Magilou'sThe ending will make you want more!PROS==========================+ Great story+ With a great ending+ Very unique characters+ That make a very unique band of misfits+ Did i say great characters?+ Great side quests dialogues+ Battle system fast and responsive+ 60 fpsCONS==========================- Item system can be a let down- Lots of traveling on foot =p"
76561198148893225,Recommended,429660,29852483,Posted: 11 February,all,cain,"First ""tales of"" game i have played, really enjoyed it."
76561198076920676,Recommended,429660,29874204,Posted: 12 February,all,Raven Snow,This game is just pure amazing. I haven't been this gripped into a jrpg in a long time.
,Recommended,429660,29936297,Posted: 14 February,all,[Rx.] Vydalia,"Tell me. Why is it you think birds fly?I've thrown myself into the world of Berseria, not expecting much. I thought it to be nothing more than a shallow game with a titular main character (and I mean titular as in breasts.)I bought this for full price, and kept myself reserved for a little while, knowing the steam refund policy.I was vastly amazed by the quality of this game. It opens with beautifully animated anime-style graphics, then dives you right into the world years later with high quality, 3D anime graphics.Not once did I feel a scene was run over because of budget, my only real concerns were few nitpicky details.I'll break it down for you.First of all, the tutorials and menus can give you *subtle* spoilers on the game. (Example:When you obtain ""Malak Number Two,"" his 'fashion' labels him as Laphicet, a name he doesn't earn until later on in the game.There are a few inconsistencies in the translations. A lot of the tutorials will call the same thing by 2 - 3 different names and can be a little bit hard to follow. (Example: Approaching an enemy behind is labeled something along the lines of ""advantageous approach"" or ""favorable approach"" within a paragraph of eachother.)The animations in the cutscenes are beautifully done, but some feel a little stiff, like when a character turns around, they use the player-controlled animation so it looks a bit unnatural.The combat isn't really the meat-and-potatoes of Tales of Berseria, and can become a bit tedious later on when it's like 3 AM and you have to work today but the story so damn gripping.All-in-all, if you're looking for a serious story that will make you question your own moral standings, I really reccomend this game, even at 50 USD."
76561198053929625,Recommended,429660,29933135,Posted: 14 February,all,Stingray,It was a great game
76561198051071863,Recommended,429660,29934017,Posted: 14 February,all,Kris,great game
76561198065743446,Recommended,429660,29729855,Posted: 5 February,all,borsniel,way to short for a tales game and far to may plots were just never really developed. the writting is spot on for the most part though. id recamend symphonia or vesperia over this but it is worth a play.
76561198242723306,Recommended,429660,29764457,Posted: 7 February,all,YoloStudios,This game is great! I love it :)
76561198191206289,Recommended,429660,29869082,Posted: 12 February,all,rdmccaphish,"Okay well worth fifty bucks and wasting a lot of time on the game when I should be doing other things. I think this game manages to beat Abyss for favorite Tales game as the combat was fun and engaging (even if you're gonna spend most of it spamming breaksouls figuring out which ones works for which trigger) the world was expansive, the story full of twists and turns and the characters are a bunch of very lovable awful people and the game doesn't pull any punches reminding you that everyone, hero and villain alike, in all honesty is pretty horrible (with the exception of Laphicet, Eleanor and kind of Shigure) as the game shows them destroy villages, crash economies, murder people. Plus there is a lot to do and you can get occupied for hours trying to collect all the treasures, defeat really hard monsters and side quests. The visuals and music are also very good, though with the music there are some tracks that you will get sick of as you will hear them for a lot of the time. Plus when you get the geoboard it is so satisfying to run over monsters.However it is a game that is supposed to help the previous game, Tales of Zestiria, in its lore as many things in that game go unexplained there but here a lot of things make more sense. However since I played Zestiria first I knew from the start how things will end up going for characters like Innominat, Artorius, Melchior, and Eizen. Hell two of Zestiria's party members flat out appear here and anyone who's played Zestiria knows what happens to them ruining any mystery behind some of these characters and the plot to an extent. So while I do love and recommend both games I strongly suggest you play Berseria first for these reasons."
,Recommended,429660,29868686,Posted: 12 February,all,VarelJam,"I've been a long time fan of the Tales Of franchise starting with Legendia on the PS2. But recently I've sort of fell off with the franchise as tiltles like Graces and Xillia failed to capture my attention. But this game has utterly rekindled my love for the franchise.The story is one of the best in the franchise. Though it has its incredibly cheesy moments its full of down to earth characters with clear motivations, struggles and moments where they just seem like regular people. By the end of it I found myself absolutely in love with the entirety of the main cast.Its great story is supported by solid gameplay as well. Traveling, something normally very mundane in RPGs is enjoyable thanks to the collectibles and optional bosses scattered around the world that give tangible benefits. The battle system is also a joy. At first I found it weird and sort of missed the more traditional systems of earlier tales games but this overhaul has actually added a lot of nuance to the Tales Of battle system making it enjoyable to explore and experiment with different techniques and combos. Additionally each and every character feels unique and fun to play as. Though Velvet is clearly stronger than the rest of the cast its not to the point where I feel like I need to play as her to win.Over all at around 40hrs of just story content and numerous side objectives its a satisfying experience for any RPG fan and what a Tales Of game should be. It really makes me excited for the future of the franchise."
,Recommended,429660,29827816,Posted: 10 February,all,{*_*}[*_*](*_*),YEP.
76561198166807011,Recommended,429660,29827285,Posted: 10 February,all,korytoombs,"For reference I have completed these other tales games too: Tales of Legendia, Tales of Symphonia, Tales of Vesperia, Tales of Graces F, and Tales of Zesteria.You play as the Lord of Calamity: a being who is full of molevelance and only cares about herself.  Your goal is to kill the self righteous shepherd who is trying to make the world a peaceful and nice place.  In essence there's so many shades of grey and people doing the wrong thing for the right reasons or vice versa.  This is perhaps one of the best stories I have played in the Tales series.  Interestingly enough this game takes place in the same universe as Zesteria (thousands of years before.)  But for those of you who were put off by the total averageness of Zestiria should certainly give Berseria a try.  This game has the story and characters that Zestiria lacked.  Also the game is better optimized and will work on older computers with the correct graphical settings.  (No need to actually play Zestiria is needed to enjoy this game.  The games contain enough of a self contained story that either game won't ruin the other.)"
76561198079547570,Recommended,429660,29851665,Posted: 11 February,all,Sarcasm,"Goes from cringe to badass in the blink of an eye, it's beautiful"
76561198081776364,Recommended,429660,29859043,Posted: 11 February,all,MeatyBor,"Meet the most interesting characters in a Tales series that I've ever seen. Every conversation and every choice made by the characters in this game add a sense of there really being no ""clean"" answers in the world. Being the anti hero always feels good. There are enemies that you really learn to hate in this game and the combat makes it such a satisfying experience to annihilate them. The only thing that really hinders this game is the linear world, and the long time spent walking, you get something later on in the game that I think was supposed to make it like you could move around faster, but they should have made it WAY faster...Having played Tales of Zestiria really helps too, making you care alot more for these characters and kind of adding a depressing/sad cloud over the whole experience. It is in no way required however, you'll get the story just fine if you haven't picked up Zestiria.Also, Magilou is the best character ever... All hail the Menagerie"
76561198036691782,Recommended,429660,29824055,Posted: 10 February,all,Yucca,"One of the best JRPG games I have ever played.If you have seen the PV, it really says what Tales of Berseria is and I couldn't stop playing from the start to the end it's engaging. The story of ""Emotion vs. Reason"" is really great and fresh - nothing seems to be missing or out, is very emotional, really driven by the characters, and drama/theater-like in how they move that I really enjoy it. I love all our protagonists/playable characters' characters and it grows through all the skits I could play as I see. The battles/gameplay are great - I like it; nothing much to say. Other good positive reviews could said it better than me and true.While short but overall, Tales of Berseria is worth the money. You should really give it a try.9/10 - story for being awesome7.5/10 - gameplay just because"
,Recommended,429660,29884810,Posted: 12 February,all,Blackfelix,Just love it =)
76561198061091997,Recommended,429660,29885507,Posted: 12 February,all,wek01,"I have just started the game so these are my first impressions.This game has Fast combat like in Zestiria, but with a way better camera, and the v-sync isn't awful and can be played in 60 fps. Also, the story is really dark which I totally dig, and the game does a good job making you care about the other characters, even if the time spent with some of them is short. Overall, very interesting start and I can't wait to see where this game goes."
76561198038289532,Recommended,429660,31086338,Posted: 11 April,all,Archmage_Bael,"Honestly I just want to say that because it doesn't have the stupid normin/skill system of Zestiria its automatically better. Its less complicated, and it doesn't take several hours to figure out the best way to optimize your current build effectively.Most of all the amazing benefits have been said by other users, so this is not really going to be a review, and more of a ""hey this game is amazing, and people aren't complaining about a tales game straight out of the gate"". I can see that years from now this will be a classic.Its also unusual because of the main character as a standalone female heroine. Not like Maxwell, Lord of Fairies, taking on the form of a girl because he wants to look pretty. (I'm looking at you, Xillia). She's strong, confident, is relatable, has a captivating story, and the girl needs a hug. Which tugs on people's heart strings.Tips for starting players: stuns are everything."
76561198290399062,Recommended,429660,30649546,Posted: 21 March,all,otak chiki,"I'm comparing this to the previous title, zestiria for the sake you are hesitating to either pick up zest or berseria.(+)-Improved graphic quality compared to Zestiria-60 fps-able without community patch-Overall improved skits animation-Fun skits and interaction, good voice acting ( including in battle )-MUCH better plot and storytelling-Battle system is noob friendly, and the complexity is stepped-up one at a time ( unlike zestiria ). I prefer Zestiria battle system tho-More balanced battle system, but Velvet is too OP-Mini game(-)-Most soundtrack is not really memorable-Mystic arte is pretty dull-Slow start plot, pretty boring and very few battle at the first two hours.Very recommended, IMO far better than zestiria. The only real downside is soundtrack, as zestiria have MUCH more a great soundtrack, ranging from field map soundtrack, to the epic battle soundtrack. I'm pretty disappointed to berseria soundtrack to be honest. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,429660,31107840,Posted: 12 April,all,El Duderino,"Among the best JRPGS I have played. Great story, great characters, amazing combat.Even better if you can make it through Tales of Zestiria beforehand, as this is a distant prequel with several tie-ins."
,Recommended,429660,29650618,Posted: 2 February,all,Atmey,Update broke my controller support.EDIT: thanks to SKIM64.exe I am able to play again....
,Recommended,429660,30170628,Posted: 25 February,all,Kitty,"If you enjoy playing Tales of Zestiria earlier, this game is definitely great for you. Both story and gameplay."
,Recommended,429660,30168631,Posted: 25 February,all,GDwarf,"Probably the best RPG I've played in a decade.While not a perfect game, the combat system is a bit unwieldy, the default outfits for some of the women are ridiculous, the sidequests aren't great, the core of Berseria is diamond. The characters are well-written, their personal story arcs are believable and engrossing, and the combat is fun, once you've got the hang of it.It's also lovely to have a game that takes a mature look at revenge, freedom, existentialism, and morality. The game deliberately avoids simplifying these topics or providing easy answers, while still ultimately settling on one side, providing both complexity and narrative cohesion.The English translation and voice work is lovely (a few of the English VAs are odd choices, but Artorias, for one, sounds even better in English than he does in Japanese), I've had zero issues with the PC port (no crashes, no controller bugs, nothing), and just all in all this is an excellent game that is well-worth investing in.Also, don't worry if you haven't played Zesteria. While Berseria is a prequel, I went into it with very little knowledge of Zesteria (I'd played a bit of it, and gave it up as aimless and lacking focus a few hours in) and understood everything just fine."
,Recommended,429660,30135664,Posted: 23 February,all,Yuuji,"Buy it, just do it."
,Recommended,429660,30238499,Posted: 28 February,all,Utopi4,"A really great game for me and I had really enjoyed it. Although the long hours and the rather different battle system (because somehow I prefer turn-based haha), I like everything else about the game. The story, character development, soundtrack, main/side quests. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,429660,30235460,Posted: 27 February,all,wandafuru,very good i even bought all the costumes because i am a good goy
76561198036346492,Recommended,429660,30229861,Posted: 27 February,all,Doriyaki,I get to play as a run away super model tsundere.Fun combat.
,Recommended,429660,30234159,Posted: 27 February,all,bunny1ov3r,"Very innovative gameplay, in the sense that even though the battles are fought in 3D hack n' slash style, the most important of elements of traditional JRPG 2D strategizing are preserved in quite ingenious ways. Difficulty choices would satisfy players looking for different challenging levels, and the robust collection and leveling up system goes above and beyond just collecting equipments and leveling the characters up.The protagonist (and her group) has decent characterization, and the story quality rise above the industry average. However, there are several problems with the story and characters that might not meet your first impression of the game just from the PV. The single biggest problem that I find is simply that all the important antagonists are cliched, lacking rounded substance that make them compelling, making the opposition to the protagonist team quite dull. Other problems include a somewhat cliched story if you look at the bigger picture and a relative weak depiction of the grimdark-ness throughout the story. Though to be fair, there were some cut scenes moments that move emotions.Tales of Berseria is an excellent game where its RPG element is concerned. Diehard and casual RPG players will enjoy it alike, in different ways that are enabled by its game system. Although it certainly does have a decent story to boast of, story-telling quality alone won't make it stand beside RPG ""greats"" such as Trails of the Sky. Spend $50 on this game only if you think you are going to enjoy the vast amount of gameplay to a certain degree. Do not buy this if you hate RPG and are only here for the story.7.5/10"
,Recommended,429660,30202993,Posted: 26 February,all,Ultravires,"Story: 9.5/10 - Story is well written, a good prequel to Zesteria. Characters are deep and well-refined.Gameplay: 9/10 - Plays surprisingly well on the keyboard and mouse. Combat is solid, lots of running around but if you've played most JRPG's you're mostly used to this already. There's also a New Game+ so props for replayability.Audio: 8.5/10 - Best played with the Japanese audio. English version's lip syncing is a bit off. Music is good but not excellent.Video: 8/10 Never had a single crash, had some frame drops on an i7 GTX970 but it was only when turning around too much.Others: Comes with lots of costumes, character customization, lots of optional content, and more.Overall: 9/10 - If you're planning to pick a great JRPG, pick this one, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,429660,30181701,Posted: 25 February,all,Princess Emmaline,"I'm about 23 hours into this game, and I LOVE IT. It's my first foray into the ""tales"" world - and the gameplay is great, the graphics are gorgeous and the characters are memorable. It's an engaging story and really cool to be playing as a rag-tag group of badass bad guys (well, sort of bad guys haha). I played with keyboard and controller, and both work just fine. Really the draw here is the story though--I don't think I've skipped a single one of those little skits that pop up because these characters are so wonderful and dynamic. I really don't have any negative things to say! Definitely a must-buy if you love JRPGs. Oh, and it's super fun to play with the fashions of the characters and cook and send your ship off to explore - lots of little touches that make this game unique."
,Recommended,429660,29521944,Posted: 27 January,all,Azeriel,"Game is fixed.Your main point for revenge is simply because you couldn't accept that peace and prosperity for an entire population is a worthy trade off for your little brother's life.You're not trying to save the world. You, the party of outcasts, are pretty much hell bent to gain satisfaction for your own personal id's goal.Regardless of the consequences.10/10"
76561198097495228,Recommended,429660,30145198,Posted: 24 February,all,NoRedBlood,One of the JRPG that I find very satisfying to play.I love the gameplay and the characters. Good skits and interactions. If there's one thing I want from this game it is that I wish to have more sidequests/character quests as I really want to know more about the characters.Plot is amazing w/o the usual cliche protagonists who wish to save everything.The story focusses on the outcasts and tell the story of how these characters survive in a world that has cruel discrimination against different race and beings.
76561198013643874,Recommended,429660,29528875,Posted: 27 January,all,2kmmr,As the AI bug was fixed I change my review to a positive one. It is a great game and a must buy for any jrpg fan. Thx namco. Now give us other tales of games!
,Recommended,429660,29549018,Posted: 28 January,all,Gungnir,"Probably the best Tales game to date. Combat is rather easy, even on hard. Characters more than make up for whatever story hiccups there are.AI glitch was fixed, game is fine and even better now that your allies actually do stuff."
76561198089015263,Recommended,429660,29659164,Posted: 2 February,all,对不起这场比赛我jibayang,"really like Berseria and think it's better than Zesteriabut keep crashing at ""checking add-ons""gg, will give thumb up after crashing fixedok, now the game works for mehope there is no more silly update :D"
,Recommended,429660,31137961,Posted: 14 April,all,MajigigikaMirudinDoDinNorurunDu,Storyline was...simply amazing <3
,Recommended,429660,31092496,Posted: 12 April,all,chookeez,Coulda been longer.
,Recommended,429660,31148731,Posted: 14 April,all,Valkyrie,"It's been a long while since I have touched a Tales game--last time I did was with Xillia on the PS3, so you could imagine my surprise when this turned out to be handled excellently in terms of both gameplay, and story direction. I can assuredely say it is nothing short of a heartwarming, and beautiful experience.For starters, I was hardly expecting such a fluid combat-system that actually felt satisfying and made grinding feel like much less of a haslle. The Soul-Break system, which is the system which accomadates sort of 'action-points' for combat, support, etc., is a massive break from the norm of this series. There is something insanely satisfying about successful chainings of combos, and obtaining a mastery in said system after a mere few hours within the game. When parred with a large level cap (200), and acquiring  fairly wide arrange of possibilities for combos/modes of utilzing characters/their equipment, this game becomes intricate, and increasingly intense (presuming you scale the difficulty as you level, as well). The gripes I had with this, and the progression of acquiring 'bonus' features to combat along the way (simply through continuing to trek through areas, fighting sub-bosses in said areas, and progressing story consequently) were minimal. The tutorialization for how it works, is somewhat off-puting and lasts through the introductory-segment of the game (I'd estimate a maximum of 45 minutes, with a few other mini-tutorials for player-characters sprinkled throughout the subsequent formation of the party). Aside from these limitations, it's simple to discern that this is a substantial improvement over previous iterations of Tales, or for many round of the mill RPGs in general. Dare I say, it seems like it would be the least polarizing aspect of this game.But what I was primarily vested in when the first trailers for this game aired/new information began being relayed out was related to story, and progression of characters. Now Berseria exists as a prequel to Tales of Zestria, which is known for more than a few, how should I say... shortcomings in both departments. Berseria, I am pleased to say after a full-playthrough of everything offered (as far as story-developments which aren't tertiary, or minor go, that is), is a complete inverse of this. The optional 'skits', or dialogues between major or minor characters allow for a substantial amount of details pertaining to the world, and this existing periphreally to main-story cutscenes reinforces much of the plot, main themes, quests, dialogue in/out of battle which accompany it. Additionally: there is variety amongst the company you playthrough the story with; the way each 'handle' in terms of playstyles; none of which necessarily fitting into a singular character-typing, and in how they are assimilated into company with the protagonist (through 'chancing' upon them, arriving at similar trains of thought, etc.), all of which contribute to an excellent 'sum of all parts' for enjoyment of the story and characters.The upward-slope in budget is also seriously apparent in regards to these two aspects, and my only qualms with both [story and writing] consisted of: certain 'turns of phrase', or dialogue, being mistranslated (meaning, there were instances where certain information would have to be omitted from my understanding of what was being conveyed through lines, or causing puzzlement in terms of how exactly I'm suppose to feel), and some issues with pacing. The former had just few enough instances of this occuring, so that it, truthfully, couldn't be considered a major detracting factor (should not hinder the writing's ability to make you feel things); the latter is mainly due to segments of plot having to, quite rapidly, accelerate/decelerate tension, or create time to understand the motives of the protagonist, Velvet, or the other main party-members. I could name several moments that were somewhat jarring shifts in how quickly/slowly plot progressed, yet cannot say they were crucial proponents to the main-plot at all. There were a plethora of moments I laughed, reflected, or moped all the same, which I suppose is what ultimately counts.In terms of world, and dungeons, I'd comment that Berseria has a world which is colourful, vivid, and diverse to a great degree. Dungeons have these very same qualities through the secondary half of the game, yet I found myself holding some issues with how empty the starting stages were. I mean, both are plenty spacious, and filled with more than a fair amount of interesting tid-bits about where you journey, goings-on in the Midgand Empire, etc, yet the design for some of the first dungeons you will come across seem bare-bones, samey, even generic after a few reoccurences of designs almost repeating. This is made all the more unfortunate because the later instances feature design-schemes which are far more vivid, or atleast unique to view.But, I'll retire from this longwinded rant to simply say you're in for a wholesome experience if you're a Tales fan (fair amount of light nods outside of main story to games aside from Zestria), or a newcomer to the series alike. I am not one accustomed to praising Bandai, as I'm sure is true of many, but there may be merit to doing so for the dev-team responsible for this game, after seeing so many aspects of it working, well, splendidly. So far, aside from P5, this is probably my top contender for favourite game that's come out of 2017 as of late--and that's me saying this while Berseria is amidst many other games which have overshadowed it. I truly love this game."
76561198091249488,Recommended,429660,29633477,Posted: 1 February,all,hurtznick,"up untill 1/31/2017 i loved this game. this was easily my favorite game in a very, VERY long time. it was the best game since tales of vesperia.then the patch came out, and in oder to 'fix a security issue' which they wont even tell us what it was, they released a 'patch' WITH A KNOWN GLITCH JUST TO GET THE PATCH OUT FASTER. ITS ONE THING IF YOU RELEASE A PATCH AND IT BREAKS SOMTHING UNKNOWINGLY, BUT THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.as such i cannot in good conceince recomend this game in its current state, as it is a broken buggy mess (it didnt used to be, but this new patch breaks the game). DONT BUY IT UNLESS THIS IS FIXED QUICKLY.Edit: 2/10/17the game is back to normal now, so i am updateing the reveiw, but leaving the previous part as a reminder of what has happened in the past.lets start with the cons of this game1 - it has an extensive amount of grinding - if you cant stand grinding in games you probably wouldent be lokking for a JRPG though so its kind of a moot point2 - the games battle system is somewhat dataed, though still enjoyable. mutliplayer outside of combat would also be apreciated.3 - local mulitplayer only - unless you use a workaround and or streaming servive you can only play localy with freinds.4 - the game is relatively short in comparison to some of the older games in the tales series at rougly 30-50 hours depending on how good at the game/ familure with the game you are.5 - insane dificulty is cheating. i dont care that others might like this mode, that dificulty is FREAKING CHEATING! yoou cant do a d**m thing to enemys and they can pracically one shot you - i was forced to stay on hard dificulty for the entire game because of this.Pros1 - the games story, no matter if you are new to the series or and old hat the story in this game is a refreshing breath of fresh air after 2 mediocre games had come out in a row  (xillia 2 and zestria where mediocre at best in my opinion)2 - the games multiplay works as well as it did back in previous titles. this mulitplayer is a well thouht out and functioning combat system which is very fun to sit down and play with others with. unfortuantly as mentioned above you can only do it durring combat, and only locally.3 - Velvet - she deserves a slot as one of the greatest characters to have come out of the tales series. she is up their with yuri lowel for me, and without her the game would not be even 1/2 as good as it is.4 - hard mode is challenging even when overleveled yet never makes you feel overwhelemed as it gives you pllenty of ways to mitigate damage and increse your own- if you plan to play on any dificulty above normal, familurize yourself with each characters strenths and weaknesses, and what strategies can be employed to properly fight in each situation.5 - each character (other then magilou) is capable of several diferent styles of combat dependign upon which spells you equip them with (magilou TECHNICALLY  can do this, but anything but her long range spells SUCK)6 - the game manages to pull you in and give you compelllign backstory and character traits for each character. non of the characters leave you feeling as if they were empty shells placed there by the devs just to fill out a party role.all in all, this is the best tales game since vesperia, pushing xillia from second on my favorites list down to third, and tying with the 360 version of vesperia (but losing out to the ps3 version of vesperia)"
,Recommended,429660,31155939,Posted: 15 April,all,Reiko,"Not all demons must be evil, and not all heroes must be good.An unforgettable experience. Emotional story, great characters and an aggressive battle system that doesn't get boring. Worth it even at full price.The English voice acting, visual effects, special moves are all good. The enemies are mostly diverse, although there are some that are similar/reused/recoloured like most RPGs.The various systems (battle mechanics, equipment upgrading, etc) are all good and there are plenty, but they are all straight forward and easy to understand. Some other games complicate things to the point you end up not caring about them or taking advantage of them. The only system I didn't use much was the ability to switch control of party members during battle, since most of the time I just controlled the main character Velvet. But it's nice that I had the option to play the other characters if I wanted something different.The characters are each unique in their own right, and grow and develop over the course of the game. Each character is memorable and cool/interesting in their own way, and the conversations between party members help to reveal their thoughts, beliefs and their past. Sometimes you'll laugh as they banter among themselves, and other times you'll feel sad hearing about what they have been through in their life.If I was to fault anything, I would probably say the music. Although the music did seem to fit the game/scenario, some of it was decent, even a few battle themes were quite good, but in general the music wasn't that memorable.When the game was first released, there was an issue with the AI of your party members where sometimes they wouldn't fight much and kind of just walk around (apparently the PS4 version didnt have this issue). It wasn't that noticeable if you were busy beating everything up yourself, but this was fixed in an update and they play well now.It took me around 160 hours to complete while playing on the highest difficulty, including the end game content and optional side quests, although I missed some collectibles which are really just for completion/achievements. Side quests aren't missable, but many of them don't open up until near the end of the game, so you can enjoy the story and worry about them later. That play time does include a lot of level grinding though (due to playing on highest difficulty). On normal without doing the extra stuff, I would estimate 70 hours or less.Overall the game is a must play for any JRPG fan."
,Recommended,429660,32389530,Posted: 13 June,all,RedRockOverlord,"This game is quite a different adventure from the game that came before it (or after if you wanna go timeline wise). The game is definitely darker (the the same vain of Xillia 2, but I can say that this game is better than that one imo), but it is still a Tales of game, so you can enjoy the fun and comedy along the way.Story line wise, most of the game can be summed up as ""I hate you, I will get my revenge on you."" Sounds cliche, which of course goes with Tales of games, but the adventure is quite fun and there is a LOT of turmoil and heartbreak along the way. Velvet isn't a typical Tales of protagonist, and I don't mean because she is the first female solo protagonist (the other main female protagonist was Millia from Xillia, but she was still closer to a standard Tales protagonist). However, other characters are a big part of the adventure. Many of them have their own stories intertwined, and, to be honest, some feel more tacked on than others just to give more motivation to fight more bosses. This isn't everyone since some characters go on a real journey of development. The banter between the party is fun, but I feel some other Tales of games have better chemistry.Now for the real part, equipment and combat. As with recent Tales of games, the equipment in the game can be complicated, but it is easier than Zestiria was with it. A lot of stats come from equipment, but it is fine to take your time to learn how it works. Combat on the other hand is fun and easy to learn, especially when, again, compared to Zestiria (I know I mention it a lot). As with all Tales of games, the game has its own version of the Linear Motion Battle System. Take your time and play with it for awhile and get a feel for all the characters. Velvet is easy to learn how to play (hint, learn to stun lock), but the other characters have their own appeal. I never got to try out the coop aspect in this game, which is sad, so I'll leave that out.Anyway this game is a treat. It isn't the best Tales of game, but its pretty good and really fun. I can recommend to old and new fans though I do need to warn both that it is quite different tone and story wise from the other games in the series."
76561198067368518,Recommended,429660,32385872,Posted: 13 June,all,astro94,"Personally, my favorite RPG of all time is Tales of Phantasia with Chrono Trigger a close second. Tales of Phantasia, especially the GBA version, was the pinnacle of retro JRPG, and the first in the genre to implement real time battles. It had a revolutionary, fluid battle system, one of the best storylines only rivaled by the likes of Chrono Trigger, rewarding sidequests which were relevant to the main story, and many many aspects to explore as the game progressed.Unfortunately, none of the newer Tales of Series really gave me a better experience than Tales of Phantasia, nor made me a fan of the game. Like others, Tales of Berseria does not stand out as an absolute gem, but it is definitely one of the better games in the series. Sort of like Assassin's Creed Syndicate, how it is much better than the previous ones (like Unity), but the Ezio trilogy is still considered the best.Anyways, back to Tales of Berseria. I believe the best part of the game is probably its battle system. The battle system has become much easier without the need to manage orange gels and lemon gels all the time, but is still fast-paced and exciting nevertheless. The battle AI is also very solid.Pros:- Greatly improved battle system, which no problems with PC port- Above average storyline- Decent amount of playtime- Great cutscene animations by ufotableCons:- Not really outstanding in any aspect other than battle- Sidequests not very rewarding or abundant- Still feels like a mass produced game without its own shineI still do recommend playing it though."
,Recommended,429660,33304143,Posted: 6 July,all,Lord Bonanza,"I've only gotten a few hours into this game as of this review, but I have to say I'm am VERY pleased so far.I've played more than a few Tales games, the most recent one being Zestiria, but regrettably that game ended up being a bit of a disappointment.Berseria on the other hand, while being pretty anime-y from the beginning, actually does kind of a 180 and turns out to have a compelling story that makes me want to play the rest of the game through.  I already like the characters that have been introduced so far very much.  They aren't total bores like in Zestiria, they're interesting and funny.  The game also looks pretty good, the UI is well-polished and everything runs smoothly.  Combat is also a blast.All in all, worth a buy.  Can't wait to experience this all the way and replay on harder difficulties."
,Recommended,429660,33525357,Posted: 13 July,all,Strad,"If you're into the classic Tales games, you're going to notice right away that this doesn't quite feel like the Tales game you're used to.The battle mechanics in this game are quite different from chaining basic attacks into arte attacks at the end. While some of the older games did have elemental attritubes on artes, this game takes it to the next level. There are no longer basic attacks, rather, any attack you do is an ""arte"" attack. Most attacks in the game come with some type of elemental attritube(even non-elemental is an attritbute) which gives you an upperhand against your enemies. Aside from elements, most attacks are strong against certain types of enemy classes like flying and demi-human. If thats not enough, most attacks also confer some type of status affliction aswell. Applying debuffs to enemies allows you to inflict status effects easier, and vice versa. Using the right elemental or anti-class attacks deal bonus damage. Expose all the enemies weakness and you deal even more damage. It starts to feel like a lot to juggle and I often find myself grinding in areas that allow me to setup easy combo's that Velvet, the main character, has a good aresenal of elements and anti class attacks for and rushing through areas where she's underequipped to dominate.One change I like a lot, however, is how it feels to be in towns and areas grinding monsters. In the older games, camera's often took a fixed position and followed the character from that angle throughout. You didn't quite have the ability to look around and enjoy the scenary. However, the camera in this games follows the character from behind and allows you to pan around and enjoy looking at everything. This for me is a welcome change.The last thing I want to talk about is the characters. This games cast, at least early on, is a band of misfits who are pretty much anti-heroes. This isn't so bad, and most of the cast is pretty likeable in fact, but the one character who I think they just went to far with is Velvet. I just feel like she tries to hard to be a badass. She's hellbent on vengance and it's almost unbearable witnessing it. I want vengance for what happens early on(no spoilers bro bro), but I felt they could have taken a different angle with her character.There's a lot more to say about this game, and the good outweighs the bad. The combat is more complex than some previous ""Tales"" titles but it's actually quite fun once you get the hang of it. The game does a good job of rewarding your time spent mastering it by allowing you to feel like a monster slaying badass. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good jrpg, and anyone who likes the ""Tales"" series."
,Recommended,429660,33594965,Posted: 16 July,all,Cenderi,"Previous Tales experience: Symphonia, Symphonia 2: Dawn of the new ""ehh"", Vesperia, Zesteria.Berserias Strengths: Characters, voice acting, Combat.Berserias Weaknesses: Handholding, Difficulty, Combat. (No I will explain why its under both :P)____Berseria got the characters right this time.  Previous Tales had this issue where sometimes most if not all the characters end up a little to preachy, Berseria properly makes that a flaw of one of the characters, and its even made fun of at times by the other characters.The character flaws make sense, and the voice acting really makes them feel real to me.  Velvet I argue is the best female voice acted character ive of any female protagonist to date, mostly because even her screams in combat (the human art finisher in perticular) actually sounds like someone screaming, and not holding back.  Shes heavily flawed, but not stupid.  Stupidity being a very popular main protagonist theme at times (ditzy).______Handholding issue: Berseria hides difficulty settings behind optional bosses, even air recovery is behind one of the first.  The rest are handed out after boss fights right up till what feels like the end of the game, and you get a little box explaining what it does then and there in the fight.The difficulty is mostly tied to the poor design of devourer for velvet, all the rest of the characters are fine, but because shes unkillable during it (cannot be hit below 1hp) you can easily learn how to gain souls from combos to keep running this ability none stop.   Some bosses start using their breaks later in the fight making the fight ironically easier at times later because they give their target a soul, if that targets velvet you basically get a free immunity/continue of the combo._______And thats why combat gets kinda a neutral stance, its presented amazingly, the switch mechanic which heals your 2 none-combat characters mixed with healing from counters (item unlocks) or titles, means healing is more based on your the combats style, which flows better than any previous title.But velvet makes all the great mechanics obsolete, you can completely ignore most of them even on chaos difficulty.  Because the difficulty is based ON her ability to combo, playing another character makes that difficulty very easy to get one shotted.______Conclusion: My favorite tales game of all time so far, the characters outshine just about all the flaws.  I just wish velvet could have been more in line strength wise, and the games difficulty properly based on that,"
,Recommended,429660,33545678,Posted: 14 July,all,Yasuo,"Tales of Berseriais currently the newest title in the long-runningTalesJRPG series. It is the prequel ofTales of Zestiria,a game that takes place in the distant future of this addition to the series, yet preceded this title. It connects ideas fromZestiriaand hides many secrets and acknowledgements not only to its predecessor but to many other games in the series. This game is among the best with the remarkable story alone, and would honestly make a great novel without the great systems that actually make it a game.Tales of Berseriais a title I recommend, one that I feel many JRPG lovers across the globe will truly enjoy.The story of the game is, indeed, its focal point (it IS an RPG, after all). It is beautifully emotional, and equally hilarious at times through the little skits within the game that are accesssible at the touch of a button. As an added effect, I estimate around 95% of the interactions between the main cast and other important characters are all voiced, including every skit I personally experienced (I watched a lot of them). Many regular NPC interactions are voiced as well.Velvet and co. constantly boast a dark tone within the story, showing the depths of their sins and hearts, stringing and shattering their past and future beliefs as per new events and misfortunes. Each character works toward a brighter future for humanity, but they play villainous roles and commit countless, dubious crimes to reach this ideal future, while their foes do much the same with a different vision of an ideal future and in a more secretive way, as to maintain a public image.There are many exceedingly dark twists that add to the suspense and mood, most of which will effectively crush your feelings. Similar toTales of the Abyss,there are key moments in the story that completely change how the main cast feel about their means to succeeding at their mission while maintaining their devotion to it. Much like many RPGs, the ending is a calculated mixture of heartwarming and heartbreaking aspects to send you off feeling filled with joy for the world and characters, while feeling equally filled with shattering sadness for them. The theme fully revealed by the end of the story is ultimately the answer to a common question among the characters, and could honestly be connected to society's feelings and actions today. Overall, the story was one of the best I have experienced.Tales of Berseriahas some breathtaking environments. Some of these look very beautiful in their style, with their rich colors and large amount of detail. The cities and villages left me in awe with their amazing views and cleanliness. On the flip side, some areas got the short end of the stick and looked a bit worse, with a few muddy textures and details. There are many unique characters with their own varying designs that really fit who they are. My favorite designs lie in that of Velvet and one of the other companions along the journey. The characters all have stupendous designs. As for the NPCs, their designs are fine and expected of an NPC, but the game follows a common theme with others in the fact that the NPCs are weirdly repetitive in looks. Other than the few areas that are a little gross and the repetitive NPCs, I can confidently say that I found the graphics and designs to be a perfect fit for this game.I thoroughly enjoyed the rich combat and its many layers of depth, all while remaining astonishingly simple to pick up and learn. Each character acts with varying roles in the squad and has their own difficulty levels. The combat inTales of Berseriais very similar to previous games in the series, being 3D with a four-character group that take on enemies using spells and attacks known as ""Artes"". There are a wide variety of artes in this game, some of which are undeniably and obviously present in pastTalesgames. There are ""Hidden"", ""Malak"", ""Martial"", and ""Mystic"" artes, all with their own uses, strengths, and weaknesses. These artes are activatable through the game's ""Soul Gauge"" and ""Blast Gauge"" systems that serve pretty much like mana in other RPG titles, although there are unique abilities for each character that are only usable by clicking the Blast Gauge button.Combos are formed through mixtures of Hidden, Martial, and Mystic Artes, along with Blast Gauge abilities. The game's combat can get very deep if you try, but at face level, a lot of it could be marked down as ""strategic button mashing"" when you pay no heed to the stats and advantages you can gather with more practice and devotion.My only complaint here is that the enemies were, in the end, quite easy to defeat most of the time, as I was able to clear the final boss (and many others) while being around 7-10 levels under them and using barely any items, something I've personally never experienced inTales of the Abyssand other RPGs. I was shocked to meet the ""Game Over"" screen only once, and to a random mob that I truly underestimated.For the first time ever, I enjoyed the smooth crafting/weapon upgrading system and even the cooking, along with other side activities, all aspects of past RPGs I have despised. I won't go too in-depth here as these systems are just simplified versions of past crafting and cooking systems. The basics are, though, you can upgrade weapons to improve their stats and make them gain new abilities. With cooking, you make a meal to increase stats in battle and add some extra effect(s). Some will hate these simplisitic systems, some will love them.The most lacking aspect ofTales of Berserialies within the dungeon designs. Despite being quite nice looking, they are disappointingly repetitive, long, and boring, leading to a frustrating experience. They were sorely lacking in puzzles as well; as a matter of fact, I feel as though there were ultimately no puzzles at all present in these dungeons. The overwhelming abundance of enemy mobs, the repetitive and boring layouts, and sad absence of puzzles lead to a terrible time crawling around these large areas. If it weren't for the excellent story scenes, hidden extras (artes and loot), and cool designs in terms of look, the dungeons would seemingly retain no positive details. In the end, if you don't care for the layouts of the dungeons and how brutally long and repetitive they feel due to that, then you'll be fine.In conclusion, I strongly believe that Tales of Berseria is an easy 8/10. It follows an astonishing and dark narrative that will leave you with so many emotions, mixed with the fitting and colorful character designs to make you love the main cast and other important characters, such as those on the side and the antagonists. Unfortunately, it has some large flaws that take away a big chunk of 2 points out of its score in terms of the horrid dungeons, awkward enemy difficulty, and some gross/repetitive designs of areas and NPCs. If the first two factors were improved upon, it would score an easy 9.5/10. If you haven't already, I strongly suggest giving this glorious game a chance. It has its problems, but through devotion, you can overlook them and enjoy one of the best stories in a JRPG to date.Tales of Berseriais, overall, a phenomenal adventure that JRPG fans should experience.If you have any criticisms of this review, please, feel free to write them down in the comments below for me to read. I usually don't check my notifications too often, however I would love to see some thoughts on how I could have written this better. Cheers!"
,Recommended,429660,33609280,Posted: 17 July,all,Weebman,"Good and long game, took me 37 hours"
,Recommended,429660,33607878,Posted: 17 July,all,Imagine,"I'm supposed to be asleep for work but im enthralled by this game, I haven't felt this way about an rpg in a long time. 10/10"
,Recommended,429660,33603436,Posted: 17 July,all,traaja,"Disclaimer: Still not finished, but thought I'd give my two cents thus far.I genuinely love this game.Pros:+ Consistent performance/port+ Beautiful to look at+ Very captivating protagonists+ Gripping narrative+ Entertaining character interactions+ Compelling lore+ Fun and deep combatCons:- Weird UI- Tutorials throw way too much at once- Backtracking through areas is a bit much- It takes too long to get back into the game after dyingNeutral:_Can't talk to every NPC_Map clearly lays out where to go_Drab environments"
,Recommended,429660,33679411,Posted: 20 July,all,Notta Alotta,"Great combat system, good length, fresh story."
,Recommended,429660,33417918,Posted: 9 July,all,Zuris,button mashing simulator10/10
76561198021763379,Recommended,429660,33868789,Posted: 28 July,all,SETO,Que puedo decir de esta magia de los Tales of...Esos 60fps se notan mucho y se agradecen... por otra parte los graficos cada vez mejores comparado con zestiria. Un aplauso de pie para esta gente. Historias increibles si las hay !
76561198006643602,Recommended,429660,33820013,Posted: 26 July,all,Rand Al Thor,"Tales of Berseria is a great new entry into the tales universe.pros:-The story is great, its a little slow in the start but the rest is top tier.-lots of optional content, ekstra dialouge, minigames and the like.-The characters are great and the interactions betwen them is really good.-combat is easy to get into.-getting off a sick combo is immensly satisfyingCons:-Crafting is a pain in the neck-the starting controls is a little wierd, but you can change that in the menu.-a nitpicky one but it has to be said, enemies have a lot of reskins, it wouldnt be so bad if they also got new noises to go with them but alas.Bottom line is that this game is worth your time and money and i higly recomend it."
,Recommended,429660,29885132,Posted: 12 February,all,xXx_SwagMaster_xXx,"Short versionStory: 8.5/10Mechanics: 8.5/10Music: 8/10Characters: 10/10Simple, Spoiler FreeGreatest ""Tales of"" game in a long time, tha game is beautiful and better than Zestiria IMHO. Fighting system is great and dynamic (looking at you, Zestiria), your character gain powerful skills while going on in the story.The story evolves through the game making it more and more complex, questioning even Velvet motives sometimes.The music is not perfect, but its enjoyableCharacters are charismatic and well written, you will find yourself loving each one of them, maybe even more than Velvet sometimes. Their personalities are all different from each other, there are no similar characters so it doesnt feel like character ""A"" its just a less angry character ""B"".Also, people who hate this game 'cause ""edgy Velvet"" dont understand the game's core and plot.The game length is good, it took me 55hrs to beat the game (and not even in the hardest difficulty), rushing some parts.So its a good game overall, if you like jrpgs then this game is for you"
76561198275312256,Recommended,429660,33852525,Posted: 28 July,all,kevin.zhong94,Good story and gameplay. Really worth it
76561198073088368,Recommended,429660,33844407,Posted: 27 July,all,The Silent One,"AFter putting close to 51 total hours in this game I finally finished it and here are my thoughts about this game. I enjoyed this game lot from the music to the storyline. Sure the game had a few talky bits that dragged the game some and made the game dull at some parts but the voice acting was spot on.If you are fan of the Tales series of games I highly suggest picking up this game for yourself and playing through it. It's a long, fun ride."
76561198081291853,Recommended,429660,33845674,Posted: 27 July,all,Life,Great graphics. Great combat system. Good story. great music. high replayability. Interesting characters. great controls. Bland environment. Boring dungeon design. cool costumes. Combat can get flat over time. One of the best Tales of games. I would recommend this game.
,Recommended,429660,33843789,Posted: 27 July,all,Jomn,"This was my first ""Tales of"" game and I don't regret it at all !The story and gameplay are great !The only aspect I didn't really like was how every map is filled with enemies everywhere and I usually had to move around them to avoid combat. But this seems to be a JRPG thing..."
,Recommended,429660,33854977,Posted: 28 July,all,Edd,would pay more to duel wield stormquell and stormhowl
76561198058617824,Recommended,429660,33847585,Posted: 27 July,all,Shyvanna,"Amazing Game and story line! Was a bit confuse at first, then everything make sense. For me (who suck at playing on keyboard), fighting take a bit while to get use to it at first.  Nevertheless totally recommend it to anyone who love good anime story and good combat system. :)PS, the story make me tear up a bit sometime. It just that good!"
,Recommended,429660,33798406,Posted: 25 July,all,Alhai Opra,One of the best JRPGs to come out this year if not the best. Was worth every penny.
76561198010202891,Recommended,429660,34537977,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolf Blood,This game is amazing and any fan of the Tales of series will love it. For those who haven't tried the Tales of series this is a great entry point and any one who appreciates JRPGs will have a great time.
76561198064434403,Recommended,429660,34497439,Posted: 25 August,all,Link10103,"Im truly amazed by this game. The only Tales titles I've played were Symphonia and Dawn of a New World, both of which I really enjoyed. I bought both Berseria and Zestiria on sale and figured I'd go with Berseria first with it being a prequel, albeit a spinoff one before tackling Zestiria.54 hours. It took me 54 hours to beat this game, and thats probably on the low end. I didnt grind anywhere near the amount I probably should have, though i did attempt to pick up as many side quests and skits as I could. Either way, this is an easy 60 hour time sink, a very rare instance of a game where every dollar you spent was worth it. I almost wish I paid full price for this.Every character, with maybe the exception of Bienfu, are amazing. Each one have engaging backstories that expand even further if you pursue their questlines. When you manage to finish them, it actually feels like the character has developed outside of the main storyline rather than acting as if you just spent hours on them for seemingly no reason.Also, Im very big on how well voice actors do in their roles and they certainly did fantastic in every instance. Especially Velvet. Good lord im now a fan.My only ""issue"" with the game was the combat. Dozens of hours into the game and youre still getting tutorials on how to do x y and z, alot of which would have been great to know way beforehand. Im more of a comfort zone kind of guy, so I only played Velvet for my entire playthrough. I dont regret it, but it feels like her playstyle might be one of the more annoying ones to take on. There were no fights that were extremely difficult, but every new area did bring a minor challenge with it on normal difficulty. I'd be damned if I ever want to go above normal though.Overall, if you want to spend the next 60 hours of your life on a pretty stellar journey, by all means pick this up."
,Recommended,429660,34544444,Posted: 27 August,all,turtlelore2,"In terms of basic game mechanics, this game is what you should expect from a JRPG. You roam around the mostly open world environment to travel to places whilst fighting enemies on the way, most of which you can avoid. The battle system isnt unique, but its a tried and true system that works fine for beginners yet can be very rewarding for those who take the time to learn the complexities. Has a large amount of options for difficulties including completely automating all battle sequences. Of course there's some side quests which usually produce a tougher-than-normal mini boss.The story is unique in the fact that most of the characters you can control are considered ""bad guys"" rather than the typical ""good guy saving the world"". Up until about the last 10% of the game, the actions your party makes pretty much leaves a wake of chaos and destruction while the characters have no remorse. There's plenty of text and background information you can get about the characters and the world through optional dialogue with generic NPCs and extra skippable conversations between your party. I skipped most of the dialogue with the NPCs as they usually just elaborate a tiny bit on the current situation while the mini cutscenes between your party usually help build their character.Sometimes the equipment and upgrading system can seem overwhelming, but like the battle system, you dont have to pay too much attention to it in order to succeed on normal difficulty. The system in which you can either manually or automate the selection of certain combos that you can use can also be overwhelming at first, but it's actually very simple and intuitive once you fiddle with it a little bit.The overall length of the game is around 40 for a regular playthrough, with plenty of different achievements that you can pursue to extend that exponentially."
,Recommended,429660,34531455,Posted: 27 August,all,for53ti,"Отличный сюжет, геймплей, графическое исполнение! Нямки умеют-могут."
76561198355727202,Recommended,429660,34570014,Posted: 28 August,all,PrettyBoyBagel,.
,Recommended,429660,34458687,Posted: 24 August,all,Sir Alfred of Hors III,"So, where to begin. Found out about this game through my queue, and was instantly intrigued. Story seemed interesting, and the gameplay and what not seemed good as well.Figured I'd hit up the reviews to see what people thought of it, having never played a single tales game before (though having zestiria in my library ready to play at some point). I saw the reviews were overwhelmingly positive, with people saying how deep and touching the story was, and how great it was to play. Figured that was enough to commit.Anyway, my experience from the game? I absolutely loved it. Got hooked on the story, and found myself not able to stop playing for hours, ending up forcing myself to stop at 4am a few mornings.Story is great, with great characters, many a waifu, and relatable emotions for the most part. Granted, there is a bunch of cliches in it, but I found them to be quite well done.The character progression was great for most of the characters in the party/ involved, and as much as I saw some parts coming a mile away, others still left me really surprised. Was a mixed bag of emotions all over.Honestly felt a few manly tears trying to come on at certain points, and anger of sorts at others. Felt connected somewhat to the characters.All in all, I definitely recommend it if you're sitting on the fence about it, or want to buy it. Absolutely no regrets (#noragrets) with buying it, and I'm now running through zestiria, and noticing a lot of connections between the two, and realising the references to zestiria berseria had. Rad game"
76561198203257022,Recommended,429660,34465479,Posted: 24 August,all,19Bullit79,In my Opinion this Game is one of the best Anime Based Games . Easy Gameplay and Menu .
,Recommended,429660,34503313,Posted: 26 August,all,Cosma,"good story, good graphic, best combat system so far in the tales series"
76561198149997703,Recommended,429660,34502897,Posted: 26 August,all,haydenbunker,"Somewhat complicated battle system, but if you're used to the Tales series it'll feel more or less familiar. Great narrative, beautiful cell shading, awesome characters. (Definitely recommend the Japanese audio feature.)"
,Recommended,429660,32901735,Posted: 27 June,all,Croowe,"One of best Tales of games, next to Tales of Vesperia. It blows Tales of Zestiria out of water in every way. So what does it make a excellent game?-Rich story.-Great Characters.-Way, way better fighting system than Zestiria.-Animated scenes (they were animated by ufotable so EXPECT great animation quality).-Great PC Port-Great soundtrackI hope we get a Vesperia remaster but chances that it's happening are very low."
,Recommended,429660,34597877,Posted: 29 August,all,Kevkev,"Way better than Tales of Zestiria IMO. Great cast, fluid combat and definitely worth a try if you haven't played a Tales game before."
,Recommended,429660,34606345,Posted: 30 August,all,desertkona,"If you like Tales of Zestiria you will love this gameif you don't like Tales of Zestiria maybe you will love this gamebecause Berseria > Zestiriain what way?+Gameplay+Story+ and Main Character (I hate Sorey, I likeRose [/spoler] as MC)"
,Recommended,429660,34061276,Posted: 6 August,all,AkaliA,"I have to say that I had an amazing adventure with this game. The soundtrack was beautiful and there was time when story got emotional, dark, twisted and funny but I loved this game every bit as development of characters' relationship was great as well. I am hoping to see what next Tales Of franchise delivers in the future.If you haven't played Tales Of yet, this is must have."
,Recommended,429660,34070870,Posted: 6 August,all,Raphael,"Impressive game!Story: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Soundtrack: 9/10Combat: 7/10Difficulty: 8/10 - Sometimes you need to grind a bit or you need to use alot of items against someTip: Always try to kill the mages first, they do an insane amount of damage, its a good strategy to set some party members tatic to interrupt their channeling"
76561198219330516,Recommended,429660,33982627,Posted: 2 August,all,RedGaia,This fixed all of the problems its predecessor had.  One of the best RPGs I have played in a while.
,Recommended,429660,34057203,Posted: 6 August,all,Jasonyy),"Story: 8.5/10Characters: 7/10Combat: 7.5/10FPS : 100/100 (This game can be run very easily even on ultra settings. Overall, this game is very lightweight despite how big the adventure aspect of this game is)---------------------Overall: 89/100Pros:+ This game/story let's you enjoy tragic and dark moments in a video game.+ The character you will be playing as is considered the demon that considered most sin+ I have played this game on other consoles and this games combat far exceeds the other games in smoothness but in general combat. I would say this game is slightly better.+ There are very strong enemies that require patience and strategy.+ This game is worth your money due to its storyline and length of the game.+ 60 FPS.+ New battle camera.+ Quick load and Quick save option.Cons:- Some characters may be annoying.- Puzzles could be a little too complicated- Dungeons looks way better than the ones in Zestiria, but some require a lot of time, battling, interact and running around to finish.Note:You do not need to play any tale games or even need to play Zesteria to understand this game. This game takes place far before Zesteria. The world in this game takes place in the world Zesteria takes place in but as I said you don't need to play the other tale games to play this.+ I recommend this game to many people that like these genres Anime, Cute, Dark Story, Open World, JRPG, RPG if so I assure you will have a high chance of liking this game."
,Recommended,429660,34054880,Posted: 6 August,all,Hipster Jesus,"It's a good game, but not quite as perfect as people make it out to be. 8/10 sounds about right. Most of the game is great but here are my grudges:I would critique the story for being quite one-dimensional but it takes a turn for the better after around three quarters of the game, which was fairly redeeming.No real puzzlesThe only thing you'll ever meet is locked doors that require switches that are either (quite literally) next to the door or in the next room. If you try to go full puzzle-solver mode on anything you'll just end up complicating things for yourself. The straight forward way is always correct in this game.Intensive hand holdingBasically EVERYTHING comes with a tutorial. You'll get a tutorial box on opening your first chest, destroying a barricade, lighting a torch... well, basically everything you press A on. At times it feels a little insulting to be tutorial'd on everything.Weird UI decisionsWhoever came up with the idea of single-line scrolling textboxes for everything instead of just block text deserves to be stoned.Reskinned stuffThere are only 20 or so different enemies (excluding bosses) in the game, the rest is different skins of those. They don't change sound either, which means the final dungeon of the game is filled with reskins of grubs, bees, monkeys (not kidding) and other wildlife you've been fighting all game. There are also only a handful of weapon designs, and they use reskins for the last few tiers of gear. Comes across as rather lazy.Cheap combat mechanicsEverything has instant turn speed, which makes the big bosses (which are rather rare to be fair) nullify your mobility advantage. Also one-shots. There are no hard enemies without abilities that just roflstomp you. Just accept that you got destroyed, ressurrect and move on."
,Recommended,429660,34055693,Posted: 6 August,all,HannahSky,I find this game very good and would recommend it.
76561198066402406,Recommended,429660,34043613,Posted: 5 August,all,Taasa,Really Enjoying it!!
76561198194311333,Recommended,429660,34046748,Posted: 5 August,all,kingofcats,"pretty decent so far, i would reccomend getting it on a sale."
,Recommended,429660,33982800,Posted: 2 August,all,Ultimate Troll,dope tales game dope battle system JRPGdon't expect anything crazy but it's a solid game for the price (30 USD at time of writing)
,Recommended,429660,34109659,Posted: 8 August,all,ShadowRFox,"Tales of Berseria, the prequel to Tales of Zestiria. So let see if this prequel can out do Zestiria.The story is set hundred of years before the events of Zestiria and revolve around a girl named Velvet Crowe. Your ordinary girl or as ordinary as you can be living in a world with daemons, aka hellions, and malakhim, aka  Seraphim. If you wondering about Seraphim and Hellions, well those was the original names of the supernatural beings of this world. In Berseria they referred to as Daemons and Malakhim. Guess it just because this is before they decided to change their names. Well Velvet's life is destroyed when her little brother is killed by her brother-in-law, Artorius Collbrande. She loses an arm and humanity when she confront him and becomes a Therion, a creature that devours daemons. She is imprisoned for several years before being set free to get revenge on Artorius.This is a revenge story, and if you seen one anime/JRPG story than you can tell where this will go. But what makes this interesting is the characters. The party you gain and travel with are interesting characters and their interaction really is the center piece to this story. I can easily say I loved all these characters in Berseria, where in Zestiria I found some characters more annoying than others. For new people in this series, don't worry you don't need any knowledge about the previous game to understand the story. Since this is a prequel, it lays the ground work for Zestiria quite neatly. It shows how characters like Zaveid end up like he is in Zestiria and even how the Shepherd and Lord of Calamity come into creation. These little winks and nods are very enjoyable for returning Zestiria players.The game play involve moving across a 3D open world. As you move across the map you will see enemies roaming about and if you run into one you get put into battle scene. Basically in a battle, a small boundary is placed around the player and 3 of his party members until the enemies are defeated. The combat is a hack and slash, but with the gimmick of each character having a special ability known as a break soul. Each character break soul vary from one to another, but you'll most like find 1 character who you like playing as a stick with that. There are elements in this game, so as you can guess there is a rock-paper-scissor system in place for what type of attacks enemies are weak against. Combat feel good although just watch what level you and your party are. Gotta say I felt enemies was never so far out of my league. In Zestiria I remember many side bosses becoming extremely grindy and just had huge HP bars that never end. In Berseria, I never felt the need to grind that much.The music and dubbing felt good. The game was a huge improvement over Zestiria in many ways. The story was more entertaining and the characters was more interesting. All in all, Tales of Berseria was a worthwhile game and Zestiria kinda feel like the lackluster sequel."
76561198141578629,Recommended,429660,34115074,Posted: 8 August,all,MakrilleN,"This game is one of the best Tales games so far and easily the best on pc so here is a review:The story was really good and pretty deep, also being much ""darker"" than the other tales games ive played making it very unique compared to the other in the series. it was filled with emotional scenes, funny jokes and it made me care about the characters and it never got boring and i really felt i wanted to play more so to know what was going to happen next.The characters are very unique and there is no one who is similar to the others, their personallities, their stories and their reasons differs so so much and with many well written skits and dialouges througout the game it really helped you to care about them which helps the story getting much deeper and deeper as you get to know the characters in a ""everyday way"" which can make you figure out their reasons and reactions to certain events in the story. To add, their design is superb!The combat feels very good, it's fast, easy to use, and it looks stunning. I was also surprised how good and smooth the combat felt with keyboard/mouse. It's also very refreshing since you unlock new artes aka skills to make new combos with all the time and you can also play as all of the 6 characters.Something that was a little bit ""meh"" was the inventory system, weapons had random abilities and thus didnt stack up which made the inventory quite messy, but this is a minor setback and it didn't bother me too much but it's worth mentioning.Verdict: IT'S FREACKING GREAT. To all who has never palyed a Tales game and don't like RPGs for the ""boring"" turn-based system, that wants a superbly written story with much action in the combat. This might be just the game for youoh yeah.. and score 10/10"
76561198076385045,Recommended,429660,34120218,Posted: 9 August,all,[CCU] SirFranc,"I loved Zestiria, and both as a prequel and standalone story Berseria is one of the best Tales of so far. Brilliant story and oddly well executed characters for jrpg standards.Truly an enjoyable experience that will probably touch some emotional strings of the players!"
76561198293426339,Recommended,429660,34121890,Posted: 9 August,all,Kazuyuki,I think this game need a lot more  dungeons  and more story ..gameplay good  but kinda boring sometimesGameplay: +++Graphics quality: +++Music:+++Fighting system ++World: +++++Animated scenes: +++Highly recommended.
,Recommended,429660,34100182,Posted: 8 August,all,+ KK +,"Tales of Berseria fully explores the darkest parts of the human heart aka your Darkness in yourself .Battles have a more cohesive flow. I had a so much good time dishing out punishment to lizardmen and wolves. <3SadisticTales of Berseria is a surprisingly strong showing for this long-running series.Its tragic story of broken people fighting on the wrong side of history makes it utterly compelling,and its well-tuned combat more than makes up for its lack of interesting environments.Simply put, this is a tale too heartbreaking to miss, or to forget.While playing this game some scenes makes you laugh and some literally makes you cry because of heartbreaking scene."
,Recommended,429660,34119545,Posted: 9 August,all,Oh....,"Good Story and plot. The graphic is not too bad, but there are a lot of space of improvement. Combat system is smooth and nice.Map designer should be fired. Scale, action, dynamics, puzzles, and treasure system should pay more efforts."
76561198246563050,Recommended,429660,34132903,Posted: 9 August,all,loris.g.d,"Not yet finished but I think this is wonderful game. It has very good story with very good characters primaries,villans they are all well thought. But it has some defects too I notice some mistakes time to time but anything that ruin the game experience right now. The graphics isn't the top it shuold be a ps4 game but it still have a ps3 graphics so it is not the top but is not ugly neither. I think the thing that is missing in this a game is maybe some secondary missions they are totally missing yes there is the hunting contracts and nothing more.I suggest this game to everyone loves rpg and jrpg."
,Recommended,429660,34326301,Posted: 18 August,all,TAMA-MII,"this game is great, you wont regret buy this"
76561198050838958,Recommended,429660,34323327,Posted: 18 August,all,Bosse-Dono™,10/10
76561198138724227,Recommended,429660,34339082,Posted: 18 August,all,ItFactorScott,"What are you wasting your life reading reviews for? Buy and play this absolute masterpiece!I smiled, I made an open mouthed, shocked face like a fish, I laughed out loud, I even got a little watery-eyed like a ♥♥♥♥♥ a couple of times. Games like this don't come along every day. They don't even come along every generation.It runs smooth as silk (Japanese devs, take note. This is how you port a game to PC), It looks great and has a very cool art style, the combat is fluid, the banter is well written, the voice acting is excellent. The story, although a little anime-cliche at times is more than strong enough to keep you wanting to come back for more and more.Don't even wait for a sale, just buy it now and have the time of your life."
,Recommended,429660,34373970,Posted: 20 August,all,Hime,"This game is great!The combat might get some time getting used to, but once you do, you'll have lots of fun with it. Building your own combos and finding out what works best for you. The gear system can also alter what tactics you use quite drastically and have a surprising ammount of depth to it. But on easier difficulties I would assume you're fine with just picking what gives you more damage or defence and ignore the rest.The characters are amazing. And she'll definitey grow on you as she develops. The supporting characters are equally as interesting, some if not more.There are also some stuff you can do but your main focus will be on the main story and it's quite well pased.Overall an amazing experience."
,Recommended,429660,31109079,Posted: 12 April,all,The Bleeding Bread,"What to say about this game...Basically, the game is freaking awesome. The storyline is engaging, the voice acting (at least the Japanese voice acting) is excellent, and the gameplay is rewarding. As others have said, playing as Velvet is the easiest possibility, but there's no reason to restrict yourself to one character.The ability to play with up to four players via couch co-op is also just freaking awesome. More games need to add features like that these days. Get together one or more friends/allies and teach them how to play. It can make things far more interesting to play alongside an actual human rather than AI. Do note that early-game, you only have one to two characters in your party, so co-op isn't viable until you reach a later stage in the game, but that doesn't take especially long.UPDATE: I stopped playing this game for a while when things got busy at work, but now that I've returned, I keep finding more an more to love. The story is intricate -- dark overall, but with bits of humor thrown in to keep things from being too melodramatic. An excellent story paired with excellent gameplay mean I don't think I'll be able to put this down again!"
76561198161545111,Recommended,429660,34408082,Posted: 21 August,all,bowspink,I will recomend every Tales game for skits.But to be honest....I think story of lately title is quite bad.I hate this game ending very much. Berseria start with interesting plot but end with ugly conclusion.Please enjoy cute little boy. I think he is the best part of this game.lol
,Recommended,429660,34426056,Posted: 22 August,all,bumbler,"I know I'm about a year late on playing this game, but I have just finished it and need somewhere to let out the extra emotions that overwhelmed me over the course of this game. I'd like to start off by making it clear that this is my first ""Tales of"" game and am definitely going to be playing more in the future.First, I would like to say straight away, that this game is not for everyone, and I would say that a majority of the negative reviews on here are from either people who are long time fans of the series who have very reasonable critique for the game or people who fall into the category of ""not for everyone"". So with that out of the way, here we go:I bought this game on impulse without any prior thought, these are the exact kind of games I love, the sort of Hack-and-Slash RPG story rich game was right up my alley, however what first drew me in was the artstyle, as you can probably see, it is definitely unique, and not in a bad way. I must say I'm a sucked for the more anime artstyle games. So the art combined with the very fluid animations that blend together really well, especially during combat are something not just any developer could handle, and I understand that this is something strong in the series.The story was intriguing from the very beginning and hits you with the flashbacks early on, I probably put the first 10 or so hours into the very first time launching the game because I was sucked in and couldn't look away. The characters are arguably the best part about the game, and with such a diverse cast, the writers did a phenomenal job bringing every character to life and having them develope as the game went on. This game balances seriousness with comedy perfectly as well.Now the start of the game was very strong, but you will emotionally attached to some of the characters, and that will help fuel you for the mid to end game where the story really takes off. The soundtrack in this game really helps ignite the strong moments and set the game into motion, and you'll be asking for more. This is a game you will not forget and I'm basically writing this because I don't want to.Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a perfect game and there was one con that could make or break the game for people and that is how a lot of the areas in the game are large and for the most part empty. Don't get me wrong, the environments are great, the colorful lands really pop out. The problem lies with the vast emptiness of space filled with nothing but enemies. There is not a lot of interactivity in the environment and so you feel like walking through a void most of the time.Another problem with the game was the grindy feel it had to it. The combat was really enjoyable for me and I didn't mind the grindy part, but sometimes it was really time consuming and I felt guilty passing by an enemy so I would always go back for it.On the topic of combat, the way combos work in the game is really satisfying, even if you set up your bindings to tap one button an entire fight (which is one thing some people might not like, but you can always spice things up if you really wanted). I feel like there are no two artes you couldn't string together without making a fluid combo. There are 6 different characters to play as, each with varying combat styles so theres something for everyone.If I could say just a couple words to describe this game it would be: ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;Forgive me for the crappy formatting, but I'm literally writing this off the top of my head, just minutes after reaching the ending.I will give a warning, this is a long game so be prepared for that but I encourage you to not give up on it because it is truely a masterpiece. Do yourself a favor and PLAY THIS MAGNIFICENT GAME. Apparently there's also a demo, so there is no downside to playing it and I promise that at the very least anyone would get some entertainment out of the story.9/10 - Truely a game to behold."
76561198138435186,Recommended,429660,33973750,Posted: 2 August,all,✦Black✦,"great game! the story is good and the combat is also good, maybe not for everyone but i am really enjoying the game!10/10"
76561198014876523,Recommended,429660,33978164,Posted: 2 August,all,mR. tOm-AtO,"Bought durring steam sale.  never played any of the tales games before.the combat is smooth, flowing, and addicting.the characters are memorable and lovable.9/10 best anime i've watched in 2017.meow..."
,Recommended,429660,34152566,Posted: 10 August,all,Sahri,"It's been almost 10 years since I played my first and favorite Tales game Symphonia but now Berseria has taken over first place on my ranking list of favorite Tales games. Bandai Namco has surely outdone himself to deliver a game that can easily be considered as one of the greatest games in the Tales franchise. The storyline deviates from the traditional formula that Tales games are known for which is one of Berseria's strongest points. The character cast in Berseria is certainly colorful to say the least and will not leave your heart untouched. Tales of Berseria is also one of the longest Tales games so it's sure to keep you busy for a pretty long time if you want to discover everything in the game. The combat and equipment system are pretty simple with room for specialization so seasoned Tales fans can challenge themselves while new Tales players can familiarize themselves with the mechanics that makes the Tales franchise so unique. So whether you're a veteran or new Tales player, Berseria will be worth every penny you spend on it!"
,Recommended,429660,34164768,Posted: 11 August,all,Cheo,"Best modern Tales game available on PC, I'd say it's as good as the holy trinity of the series (Abyss, Symphonia, Vesperia) or better."
,Recommended,429660,34072475,Posted: 6 August,all,VampireManson,Pretty epic game.
,Recommended,429660,30181469,Posted: 25 February,all,Velvet Crowe,"This is my first tales game and honestly Tales ofBerseria is one of the best no the best storyI have ever enjoyedIt is a dark and sinister tale which gets even more dark asit progresses, the story is predictable in some places butstill amazing when it turns out that way. I can boast about not sheding a tear whilewatching Clannad but I could not do that with Berseria LOLCombat I did not bother at first as I was immersed in thegreat story , beautiful written scripts and wonderful charactersbut it is also fun in its own way and really awesome inhigher difficult levels. Mini games are fun but everything else falls behind compared to the above threeTales of Beseria is the best game I have ever playedI have also played Dragon Age Origins and Witcherwhich have a pretty amazing story and characters too but it lost to thestory to Berseria, this however is my personal opinion"
76561198098243009,Recommended,429660,33478277,Posted: 12 July,all,Firehawk,"""I will find him, no matter what it takes. Even if it means becoming an enemy of the whole world.""Short versionA tale of vengeance, sorrow and anguish mixed in a whirlpool of feelings. If you're looking for a soul crushing story with only a few questionable points where despite everything you still stand up and fight for something you can't let go of, then look no further. You have found it.Long versionMany people don't worry much about their daily lives often seeing their peaceful days as something natural that will keep on for many more, not knowing how easily it can fall apart without warning as though it was nothing but a cruel illusion that waited for the time to disappear along with a presence that will never come back. A young woman named Velvet Crowe understood this on the night of the blood moon when a person she trusted took everything she once cared for, and falling into a seemingly bottomless pit after being hurt by the same man never to return. But survive she did that night and got back on her feet slowly, vowing that she will not rest until finding the man that changed her so, with a vengeance burning hotter than any fire.What comes to sight first after the publisher logos is the breathtakingly beautiful starting pictures of the opening movie with a similarly well composed song which quickly establishes a pleasant atmosphere, followed by a short animation introducing the player to the events that started it all before giving a glimpse of the world we're going to explore. It's noticably distinct regions are all quite a sight to see with nice colors and fairly good effects, giving it a surprisingly high quality one might not expect from such a game, though it did get unofficial fixes to enhance it further. The calm elegance of a snowy plateau with snow falling from the cloudy sky or the grassy fields creeks passing through really shows what can be found anywhere if one simply takes a moment, complimented by the weather that changes after certain points. On the other hand, it also has some strange quirks that shouldn't occur, like experiencing slow motion movement on 60 FPS which doesn't happen at 30, strongly encouraging to use the lower setting though thankfully it doesn't effect actual gameplay. The cursor is also prone to vanish for a few seconds before reappearing, just for good measure.While it may seem familiar to many of those who've played the previous games long time fans and new players will quickly find that Berseria's gameplay is in a league of its own, with many features making a comeback while new ones are brought in as well. One of them is the combo based combat which utilizes various skills to chain them together to deal ever increasing amounts of damage, applying not just to the controlled character but the entire party, making this system very friendly. Upgrading equipment is a crucial part of it as well since as the story proceeds the enemies faced will also get gradually more dangerous especially on higher difficulty settings, providing a decent challenge to those who seek it.Another would be the number of mini games scattered throughout the world of Berseria, offering plenty of entertainment to travellers wishing to fully enjoy what it has to offer, rewarding Tales coins which can be exchanged for ingame items. All this is just barely scratching the surface however as there's many more possibilities waiting to be explored, easily making it possible or sometimes even beneficial to wait with the main quest, as you could miss fun content without even being aware of its existence if you don't take your time and truly enjoy this game.Its few flaws can be counted on one hand, like the restricted map movement that prevents the player from using anything but the straightest paths, meaning you can't jump down from a set of stairs even if it's barely above ground or have to go around sometimes long distances for similar reasons. The minimap can also be tricky to read since it doesn't provide enough information sometimes, so using the full viewed map is strongly encouraged especially on longer treks when potions that can teleport you are not on hand.This game has a story that starts out surprisingly strong with a start that gives a glimpse at what drives the protagonist forward so intensely, which may not be the first one in the genre but it's very exciting nonetheless which makes one wish to see how she can fare against her enemy. Unfortunately halfway through the game or maybe a little later it reveals a rather questionable twist that can make people cringe if they stop for a moment, and while it shouldn't stop anyone from enjoying the game it's still a bit of a disappointment to see something like that. Thankfully, there are also side quests for the other characters which provides additional depth to them and the plot itself, once again makint it very much worth the time to do them on the side, though their progress is locked behind certain main events, meaning they can't be started until one reaches a certain point, so putting them off for too long might actually backfire after a while.Replayability is back with a vengeance under the name of Grade Shop which gives various bonuses on subsequent playthroughs for a differing amount of ingame currency, essentially allowing the player to carry over anything they like, provided they have enough points to do so. Some of them are simply for convenience and don't affect the gameplay in any significant way while others have major impact on it, making those the prime candidates for purchase since there's no way anyone would want to miss out on them. This shows on the pricing too however, with the best entry costing as much as several of the other expensive ones combined, making planned grade grinding required or only subpar options will be available.In its soundtrack this game presents an incredible experience that lasts throughout every song that plays in the course of the story and exploration, with an indication of quality starting from the opening animation's track that is rare to find in any genre. Be it the grim determination in one or the silly tones of a certain character there's not a single track that doesn't fit into the time and place or can't be enjoyed, making the notion of simply listening to them an attractive proposal very often. Sadly, the OST itself isn't offered for purchase as a DLC like it is for many other games, so it leaves little choice for those who do wish to listen to the songs, though certainly not impossible and well worth the effort.Much like the other games in the series this one has plenty of DLC items for those who like what they see in them, half of them being consumables that can be collected by playing too but give a little boost early on, making playing a little easier for the would be adventurer. The other half consists of costume sets and cosmetic items that change the appearance of the characters in addition to those already present, offering surprisingly nice addition to their wardrobe. Some of these even have their own battle songs that replaces the default ones, excellent for more light hearted playthroughs once the first has been completed and Velvet in particular can use some nice outfits, even if the pricing on them is a little steep.Taking all that into consideration as a standalone game or as part of a series Tales of Berseria is a beautifully designed story oriented game with excellent gameplay and interesting cast providing plenty of humor and amusement in their moments of calm. The translation being more accurate or at least enjoyable than what is found in some other localized titles released by IFI also influences this experience greatly, as does the excellent Japanese and English voice acting. By all means, if one feels inclined to give this one a try then don't let anyone stop them, for it it all but guaranteed that they will be able to enjoy their stay in this world of fantasy."
76561198043362278,Recommended,429660,34652298,Posted: 31 August,all,LazyJoeBeard,"This game was great, when I first seen it on release I had no intention of getting it, a few days ago I seen it was on sale for about 30 dollars and decided it get it. I am very happy I did, the graphics and gameplay might be a little dated but the story was amazing! Its in my top 3 favourite game. Its was worth what I paid and more, now I plan to beat the other games in the tales serise available on steam."
,Recommended,429660,34653452,Posted: 1 September,all,Palindrome,I lack the vocabulary to properly express how amazing I found this game. It's just that good. Every piece of hype I came across as a newcomer to the Tales franchise regarding this game was warranted. 112 hours in and I'm ready to throw another 100 replaying it.Play it.Finish it.Play it again.It's just that good.
,Recommended,429660,34664843,Posted: 1 September,all,Selyx9k,"PROS:6 different charters you can pick from to fight asfun combatbit of a challange here there with mini bosses posing a minor to large threat.The transtion that charters go through in the story might feel a little sudden but still feels right.CONS:voice acting is meh at best (Magilou is the excption)they come to a conclusion that doesnt make sence and left me personally disatified (it's a major point in the game and i dont want to spoil it for anyone)MEH:The fast travil systemupgrading VS buying new gearOver all i really enjoyed this game. the combat was fun even though some of the bosses were annoying, there are some clieches in the game but a couple you can see coming a mile away. any fan of the tales of series should play this game or anyone who has never played should try it. this is actually a prequil the Tales of Zesteria. i've played and beaten both and now Zesteria makes more sence to me."
,Recommended,429660,34688303,Posted: 2 September,all,m00,"Great game with great characters, I'm 46 hours in and not even close to the end yet o O."
,Recommended,429660,35106351,Posted: 21 September,all,ARDEV,"1st time playing RPG game with a main character that has an ""evil"" image and doesn't ambitious to be a hero or save the world and blabla.."
76561198047426432,Recommended,429660,30029380,Posted: 19 February,all,McDoof,Can't put it down!
76561198421556515,Recommended,429660,35015681,Posted: 16 September,all,ItoAkira,"The battle style and equipment system is much simpler than Zestiria. Also the story is so heartbreaking, and somehow there's some scene that makes me want to cry. And the morale value of the story is so good, omg, all simply puts, it's the best!!! I love this game so much!!"
,Recommended,429660,35019832,Posted: 17 September,all,Tenshi,"Great, pretty, good optimization and controling on PC without gamepad.Game with unusual gameplay and lots of feels :'3"
76561198256342456,Recommended,429660,35211983,Posted: 25 September,all,theJAMSman,"Tales of Berseria is an Action-based RPG that tells the events of a couple hundred years before Tales of Zestiria. The game revolves around Velvet Crowe, a woman who goes on a quest for revenge against a man who wronged her in the worst way possible. Everything about the battle system is improved upon the Zestiria formula, along with the story and characters being far more intesresting (Especially Magilou). If you are a fan of the tales series, I recommend you check this game out.P.S. Magilou is fantastic"
76561198101144920,Recommended,429660,35323192,Posted: 29 September,all,TsundereGod,By far my all time favourite games. Its extremely story rich and the character developments are good~ graphics animations are good too. However i wish we would be able to like explore more such as in open worlds. But an excellent game!
,Recommended,429660,35306420,Posted: 29 September,all,AkhdanFr,Nice Protagonist MC
76561198073153063,Recommended,429660,35390842,Posted: 1 October,all,Don Edgy,"If you like anime then this game is a strong recommend. It's also got an anime story and character developments. But the story of this game was very entertaining to me, it's basically a story of revenge but the main character's determination to see it to the end is so good. Think Code Geass and Akame Ga Kill. Also this game may be considered a hack and slash but it is not the same type as Devily May Cry or Bayonetta, think Star Ocean or .hack//G.U.(haven't played the other .hack games :() but there's a bit of a waiting time after every attack(best description I can think of would be .hack//G.U.'s combat but some combos require cooldown).TL;DR If you like anime then this is a strong recommend. If you don't like anime/can't tolerate anime then you may have a hard time with this. I clearly like anime which is why this is a recommend."
76561198177246866,Recommended,429660,35388377,Posted: 1 October,all,Pi' jan,"best tale story for me isabyss , berseriaGood combat system than other tale ."
,Recommended,429660,35444759,Posted: 3 October,all,Maimai,"Beautiful game and story, every character has good back story. If you like ToZ this is a must-play game <3"
,Recommended,429660,35451319,Posted: 3 October,all,xLyvianna,"EnglishIt's my first time playing a 'Tales of' game, but I don't regret it. The cutscenes are incredibly cinematic, the game looks great and polished, both dubbing versions are just as well made as the characters themselves. The music never fails to perfectly fit the situation you're finding yourself in right now. The combat system is very fun and everyone can individualise their combostreak. Lots of crafting and costumization options, including DLC.Best JRPG with Hack'N'Slash I've seen so far!DeutschVorweg muss ich sagen, dass dies mein erstes 'Tales of' Spiel ist, aber ich bereue diesen Kauf absolut nicht! Die Cutscenes sind toll gemacht, sodass man sich wie in einem Anime vorkommt. Das ganze Spiel sieht toll aus, läuft sehr flüssig und ist schön anzusehen. Die Charaktere sind interessant und die Vertonungen in sowohl Englisch als auch im Originalen/Japanisch sind absolute Spitzenklasse. Die Musik unterstreicht stetz jede Situation, sowohl im Kampf als auch in Ruhegebieten.Das Kampfsystem bietet eine Menge Möglichkeiten für individuelle Combos mit einem einzigartigen System. Dazu gibt es einige Crafting- und Kostümisierungsoptionen und DLC.Bestes Hack'n'Slash, das ich jemals gespielt habe!"
,Recommended,429660,35451591,Posted: 3 October,all,Yami_Arthur232,"I'll admit. This is the first Tales game I've played. I watched MasaeAnela play Tales of Symphonia and I was blown away. When I heard Tales of Berseria was coming out, I wanted it, I wanted it badly. I couldn't get the game full price sadly, but one day it just happened to be on sale. That's when I got it. But I'd definitly pay the full price for this game. I haven't finished the game either but I don't think I need to to reccomend it.So just to be clear, this is my first review. Because of that this might be a bit awkward and odd. Just stick with me.I really don't hate much about this game. I adore the characters and the way they interact with eachother and the world around them. Velvet can come off cold, or Eleanor oblivious, but they each have their own believes that drive them forward and make them who they are. The writing for each character and their story is amazing in my opinion. It especially shines when Magilou is messing around.I don't need a game to look amazing to like it, but Berseria's graphics are amazing. The textures are great and the animation is fantastic. It's smooth and detailed. The immersion is there too. The soundtrack is one of my favourite video game soundtracks of all time as well.The game also loves to play with your emotions. Yet it also throws in some character skits among all the drama just to keep you going. It knows how to keep you playing and interested.The gameplay is nice too, the controls feel great and if something goes wrong well that's because I messed up. I'm not the best at the combat system but it's a great system.It would be nice if the in game tutorials were a bit more detailed on what you had to do, but that's not a big problem as you can figure it out either by looking it up or messing around a bit.There's a lot more I adore about this game, but if you've made it this far you should check it out for yourself."
,Recommended,429660,35207208,Posted: 25 September,all,Parapraxium,"After literally devouring countless men, women, and children, Velvet Crowe turns down an alcoholic beverage offered to her by Rokurou on account of only being 19.Truly the role model this generation deserves."
,Recommended,429660,35483549,Posted: 4 October,all,Raskalnikov1,love the story and the characters
76561198090887763,Recommended,429660,35483997,Posted: 4 October,all,Zarkonem,"I both love and hate this game simultaniously. It took me a while to get into it. I can get behind a revenge plot, and i can most certainly enjoy a deep and dark storyline. In symphonia for example (SPOILERS if you haven't played that game but it's kinda old now so you really should have by now because its one of the best games ever created in my opinion) has your characters learn about 60% through the story that these items they have been collecting and granting them power are created by harvesting tormented human souls, horrible experiments performed on children that both stunt their growth and rob them of their free will and slowly and horrifically kill them, and chracters who feel like they need to punish themselves for the rest of their lives due to accidents they were involved in where someone they know and/or loved died.None of these characters from symphonia however go full edgelord, frozen heart, dont care who i hurt in the process of my goals like berseria's main ""protagonist"" Velvet. She spends most of the story being a mostly heartless, self indulging ♥♥♥♥♥ until a major plotpoint of the story comes up about 75% through the game and finally breaks her, and she begins to soften up a bit.Once she does however and all the sins of everything she does starts to catch up to her and she starts giving other emotions besides disdain and rage, I started warming up to her a bit.I spent all this time talking about Velvet becuase she is the main character of a very highly narrative game. Oh i'm sorry, the gameplay? The combat revolves around putting moves of a certain element to each of your 4 buttons, holding a button to see which of the elements your target is weak to, and then spamming that button repeatedly till it stops moving, FUN! Oh whats that? Gameplay out of combat? Well there is running.... alot of running, going place to place, with most areas in the place your at looking pretty much exactly the same...To put it simply I didnt finish this game for it's gameplay, in fact, I had a bit of a hiatus for a couple months about halfway through the game due to this and how insufferable and unlikable Velvet was, I didnt care for the main character or the gameplay so i just kinda stopped for a while. It wasnt until i got bored and picked it up just for the sake of finishing the still somewhat interesting story that i finished it, and now that i have, i'm glad i did.Even though Velvet was a bit cold for my liking most of the game, she was acompanied by 5 other interesting and likable characters i genuinly did enjoy. And even though i saw quite a bit of the story coming from a mile away, (holy crap that intro was so sugar coated it just about gave me diabetes, i just knew from the get go that everyone was going to die horribly) There were still plenty of times when the story threw a curveball at me and make me go ""OOOHHH! That explains EVERYTHING!""Dispite all of my griping, the banter between the characters, the humor and the epic ending storyline cutscenes were amazing. The world is deep and the lore is heavy, and i had no idea how to actually set things right once i fully understood the gravity of the situation. It seemed like there was no way to acheive true peace or to foster well being within humanity for the longest time as the choices seemed to be either everyone losing their free will or massive global casualties. I feel like the ending was brilliant and was worth all of the suffering and torment to see it.It wasnt until i finished this game that i found out Zesteria is directly connected to this game, and i am installing it now as i write this review.TL;DRVelvet is obnoxious most of the game till the end when she actually starts becoming likeable and i didnt care for the gameplay much itself but the banter between everyone and the story make it well worth it.Overall I feel like the game is worth playing, just maybe not replaying."
76561198091677219,Recommended,429660,35474132,Posted: 4 October,all,Weary=Otaku,"This is my first Action RPG and one of my first JRPG. I only have 13.4 hours in at this point and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of this game because it has so much content!The story is incredible so far, the gameplay is very addictive, combos are satisfying because you have to set the moves individually and learn what moves chain well with others, and being able to play as anyone on your team at anytime is also pretty rad! Everything and everyone is visually appealing if you appreciate 3D anime art styles, the moves are quite flashy and colourful which I personally like a lot, and it isn't too graphically demanding in comparison to some other newer games.Overall it's one of my favorite games despite the little time I have to play it, but this is the kind of game that I can see myself always wanting to revisit. The price is a bit hefty and personally I DID get it on sale, however many other reviews touch on the point that there is over 80 hours of gameplay, not including replaying anything, so you be the one to decide whether the price is fair or not."
,Recommended,429660,35490380,Posted: 5 October,all,Bossondaicus Al - Hazm,really enjoyable ^^
,Recommended,429660,35505276,Posted: 5 October,all,Verumant,"10/10 Velvet is a dream-girl. Sadly, she is just the raft of someone's imagination.I will recommentd this forever."
