user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198261972637,Recommended,430410,29528059,Posted: 27 January,all,Tunnel,"I happened to find this game before it was officially released and upon seeing a few screenshots without even checking out the story, I thought to myself, ""Wow, I'll definitely play this when it comes out!"". The beautiful artstyle of Memoranda left a very nice first impression on me and it's one of the most outstanding features of it in my opinion.As a point & click adventure game, Memoranda is well-polished and competent enough to offer you a sweet, memorable experience.The game is inspired by Murakami Haruki's short stories, having a strong magic realism vibe artistically. In the world of Memoranda, magical events and outlandish stuff can be seen every now and then. Humans, animals, and humanimals live together harmoniously and doing their everday mundane chores. Mizuki, a young girl who has difficulty rememering her real name, sets foot on an adventure in pursuit of her true identity and other long-lost memories. En route to her final destination, she's going to meet all kinds of characters each of whom has his or her own personality and worries.Aesthetically, the colorful palettes and exquisite textures make every scene in the game so lively and picturesque. Emotionally, the soothing background music and light-hearted dialogues with affectionate voice acting build up an immersive atmosphere for the players. Playing the game is like sunbathing on a beach, it's delightful and relaxing, you control your own pace and nothing urgent or threatening is gonna happen to you.However, speak of pacing, that leads us to the most commonly complained problem of the game: the difficulty. Compared with other games in the genre, Memoranda can be truly frustrating. Although the gameplay is nothing more than the typical ""examine, collect, combine, and talk"" interactions in point & click games, making progress can be really hard from time to time due to the leaps of logical reasoning and the lack of straightforward hints, which can really hinder the continuous flow of experience and wear down the players quickly. From my perspective, this is genuinely a serious problem of the game as it can potentially waste you plenty of time and have you resort to trial and error or a walkthrough in order to continue. The actual contents in the game may provide you approximately 2~3 hours of playtime but with the additional time you are probably going to spend in blindly wandering around and performing random interations it can be unecessarily lengthy, which is undoubtedly frustrating for what should have been a joyful ride to end up like an endurance test.Overall, despite the undesirable frustration, Memoranda is a charming, beautifully crafted game and I really enjoyed it. If you're fond of point & click adventure games, give it a try and hopefully, it'll satisfy you and make your day a little more better."
76561198002581741,Recommended,430410,30070031,Posted: 20 February,all,Sheepish,"The Good:Evocative themes that adapt the feel of a Murakami story well - cats, jazz, old film, surreal magical moments mixed in with inanity.Beautiful art and scoreEasy-to-use UI and exploration.The Bad:Bizarre point-n-click puzzles that need a walk through to figure outAt times, there's no clear path forwardThe Ugly:Yeah, sometimes those walk-through needing points? Also game critical moments where everything stops until you figure it out. Several times I got ""stuck"" without any idea of what to do next. I ended up consulting a walk through 3 times during the game just to stop clicking around aimlessly.All-in-all, I would recommend this game. I'm a huge Murakami fan, and the game's successful adaptation of the nature of his work was worth the occassional struggle. Luckily, by now, there's a solid walk through that can help you when you run against the evil force keeping you back."
,Not Recommended,430410,29916099,Posted: 13 February,all,RipWitch,"A new point and click game has entered into the ring. With a main character that can't remember her name in a surreal world. Based on Mirakami Haruki's stories, let's see what Memoranda brings to the tableStoryYou play a young lady named Mizuki, but she doesn't know that. Mizuki lost her name seemingly way before you came into the picture. What can be worse than not remembering your name? Being plagued with insomnia that brings in a sailor to scare her into staying awake. Go through the small seaside town as Mizuki to socialize with the various odd balls, help others, and search for your name.Memoranda has many plot points that come and go, but only two seems to be the most complete. Of course finding Mizuki's name and solving her insomnia. Though I do have a complaint with finding her name. Her name shows up it the subtitles so if you are used to putting games on subtitles it is immediately spoiled as soon as Mizuki speaks. If this is one of the mysteries, you shouldn't spoil it in something as small as subtitles.As Memoranda is based on Mirakami Haruki's stories, I searched to try and find what it was based on. I could not find a certain one, but that it was based on several. I'm not sure if those who are familiar with Haruki's stories will get some plot points better, but it did seem they just end after a while. If you don't need the character anymore, there's no need to go and see how they are or complete their plot point that was brought up. It felt like it was to wink at the fans at some points.GameplayPlaying through Memoranda brings out a light and delightful aura. Nothing is rushed in terms of the story and there are no constraints other than items and events happening after a certain threshold. It advertises as a game where you go around in a seaside town trying to piece together a girl's memory and does well in bringing that atmosphere.If you ever played a point and click game, it goes without saying that Memoranda plays the same way. There's only a few changes such as not being able to walk faster after double clicking. There was also this weird thing with the map being on the ""tab"" key that threw me off. This is a small thing, but it did cause some confusion as the map is needed to travel. While it did allow me to look at the journal, I didn't seek to read what Mizuki wrote until I tried to find where photos went after you took some. It felt unnecessary to look at as it doesn't really give any hints you don't already know.The town is sectioned off, not revealed till a certain task has been completed. This helps in knowing which area has the necessary items in the beginning. Not bombarded with everything at once, but in handfuls. However, I do want to say that while the map looks like you will just warp into your home, it warps you into a alley that it's apart of. It can be easily missed, as you are only forced to go back a couple times, especially since it contains a part of a puzzle later on.The gameplay can be around 3 to 5 hours, but the puzzles make it last longer. The logic that goes with the puzzles does not make sense most of the time. While the town is supposed to be surreal, the player still needs to find logic if puzzles are involved. I go by a ""Aha! or What?"" with determining how effective puzzles are, and it was mostly a ""What?"" in Memoranda. Don't get me wrong, some puzzles, or steps of the puzzle, did make sense some of the time. However, the progress is always halted by the puzzles bringing the game to a slow pace. Most of the time, the item or area was hidden so well that I couldn't see it or thought it was nothing. I was fortunate enough to find a guide but I do see many people quitting after spending hours on one puzzle. Memoranda looks great in how the world is designed, but the puzzles is a weak point that should not be.SoundMemoranda is fully voice acted which they did great in portraying the character. It did seem like voices that people will probably give to the character in question. However, I disliked Mizuki more than the others. At some points, I would not be able to understand as the voice actor sometimes muddles through a word or the pronunciation is strange. A notable one is the word memoranda that is pronounced differently the two times it's said. And while this is with the script, I wished it was more subtle, as it repeats the same thing twice sometimes (I do hope people get that Mizuki has memory problems if she has to have her friend's faces on her wall without being told twice back-to-back).The soundtrack is wonderful, bringing in small and ambient parts but brings in the heavy stuff when needed. It also used nature as part of the background to bring you more into the worlArt StyleThe nice drawn art style is the best thing in Memoranda. Everything is designed really nicely and colors brings your eyes to certain areas. The landscapes and inside buildings was really nice, you can tell how welcoming it is based on the design. I also liked how small spaces is just an area in a sea of black, bringing in that they know when something can be too crowded.The people had an interesting design, while you may not know them they did have their own personality with their appearance. The anthropomorphic animals, called Humanimals, was amazingly designed and was great to see. As a bonus, you are able to see what they would look like as human which was interesting. If the artist ever decides to do a full anthropomorphic animal route with the characters later on, I can trust they will do great.PerformanceMemoranda performed pretty well, having almost no stuttering or pauses in normal circumstances. I only came across some audio stuttering in the voice acting here and there, and even than it wasn't too bad as it only lasted for a word. I do recommend to turn off notification pop ups though, I had problems with it showing in screenshots.ReplayabilityAfter playing it for the first time, the only reason to play it again is for the achievements. There are two achievements that you can easily miss that goes on throughout most of the game. Other than that, depending if you want to go through the puzzles again, there's no reason to return.Overall+ Art Style+ Design of the characters+/- Could be more subtle in the dialogue+/- Plot points seem to drop after the character's give what they needed for the story+/- Mizuki's name is revealed in the subtitles- Puzzle logicWhile I did enjoy the visuals Memoranda provided, the puzzles brought the game down. If there are puzzles, all of them have to be in constant logic throughout no matter how surreal it may be. If the player has to try to combine items or search endlessly for something that they missed it will reflect on how they enjoyed the game. The puzzles is the reason why I'm postponing playing it a second time to be honest. There are also things in the story that feels unfinished. It feels it's meant to have a sequel to reveal everything. I do suggest weighing your thoughts between if visuals or the puzzles is why you are going to play this as both cancel the other one out when analyzing the whole game."
,Recommended,430410,32325192,Posted: 10 June,all,yukiritsukadelvalle,"Ater some time this game was released, I have seen people say the puzzles are hard and ilogical, that they require lateral thinking and the like. I didn’t feel moon logic at all in any puzzle, usually the hints to solve them are in the environment, in dialogs and in the items own descriptions. Some of them require world knowledgment, such as knowing how an alambique or a stamp works, which are kind of basic stuff but not everyone grasps them.The art style is lovely and the music is soothing, there aren’t any irritating loops that unfocus you from the gameplay. Although the game is kinda short and I wish I could have spent more time with the characters, they have really interesting stories and I love them.Memoranda is a great game and highly recommended to point and click fans."
76561198077927304,Recommended,430410,29635770,Posted: 1 February,all,deepthinkingcat,I thoroughly enjoyed playing Memoranda. It reminded me of the point-and-click adventures from several years ago. Finishing the game prompted me to read some of the short stories by Haruki Murakami.
76561198143030878,Recommended,430410,29591123,Posted: 30 January,all,blumenleere,"Good game, but sadly not as good as I hoped it would be.The art style is amazing, brillant voice acting and a very convincing story. Years ago, indeed, I was a huge Murakami-Fan, so I like the vibe a lot.But then, it feels a little bit lifeless nonetheless; there are some - in theory - interesting characters, but they lack something, they seem like wooden dolls. The main character moves too slow and in a strange way, too. Playing the game, it doesn't give me the feeling of a point-and-click adventure. It feels more like an escape the room game.This is mainly because of the puzzles; after solving them, I must say, yes, there is some logic to them, but, logic as you find it in an Escape-the-room-game; looking for clues, riddles with pressing buttons, watching out for small details that don't have to do too much with anything etc. While searching for the solutions, at first, I really didn't understand, why I should do something like that, but I tried the possibilities. Then it worked; I thought OK, but it's not a fullfilling experience, because I don't really like the puzzles and their solutions and their logic. Most of the time, you solve puzzles, because it's a puzzle game; the puzzles don't connect with the story too much, in my opinion. You solve them and then you get something and you use the object where you think it could be useful. But, it feels like the puzzles and the story are on different levels, and if as they aren't really connected to each other. It's Ok and nice to play, but compared to really good point-and-click-adventures, it doesn't give me too much motivation to carry on with it.I give it thumbs up, nonetheless, I would buy it again and I will play it more; but, as I wrote in the beginning, its looks promise more than they give."
,Recommended,430410,29629214,Posted: 1 February,all,QuotaBee,"A game to relax and work your brain out simultaneously!Solving ridculously challenging puzzles and then crossing them out of your memoranda is probably one of the most satifying experiences I ever had in a gameI probably would've enjoyed it a lot more if I knew Haruki Murakami's works, there were instances where I felt like the game is telling me to freak out because something was a reference to something."
76561197993997665,Recommended,430410,29520369,Posted: 27 January,all,duffy,"a classic point n click adventure, set in a seaside small town with a lot's of strange creatures. the story is  simple, the graphics are beautifully hand drawed. the puzzles are fair, not so hard to solve them. all together it was a really nice time what i spend on this game. just recommend!"
76561198071311428,Recommended,430410,32307315,Posted: 9 June,all,zorroelk,"This game has some bad points, like extremely absurd puzzle and the story could've been better.But somehow there's a charm to this game and the art is gorgeous, so I kinda had a good time.If you really hate absurd puzzle, I would suggest to stay away. (If not prepare a walkthrough on the side)"
,Recommended,430410,29877847,Posted: 12 February,all,shoeman,"Beautiful game with a great soundtrackI'm a fan of Murakamis books and point and click games, so needless to say I was extremely excited upon discovering Memoranda.It falls a bit short of Murakamis works, the attempts to carry out surrealistic concepts feel a bit contrived on more than one occasion, but the story and dialog is still intriguing and well written. There are a couple of puzzles that are quite illogical, and a couple of times I was completely in dark on how and why the story should advance and forced to find a walkthough.This aside, I was stillverytaken with Memoranda, and it was a very refreshing, gorgeous game, with great characters, concept and story."
,Recommended,430410,34881549,Posted: 11 September,all,SaeedZer0,"is game very good with complicated puzzles,Be sure to buy this gameیک بازی ایرانی عالیه با معما ها و پازل ها خیلی سخت و درگیر کننده پشینهاد میکنم حتما این بازی را تهیه کنید واقعا ارزش داره"
,Recommended,430410,33915330,Posted: 30 July,all,unwaveringresolve,"You will do some very, VERY odd things in this game. Things that make you pause, tilt your head at the screen, and go...""....did I just take sounds from an opera singer's throat to power a machine?"" But even weird as it is, the puzzles were not unintuitive - just running on dream logic. Combine that with a lovely soundtrack, beautiful backgrounds and distinctive character designs, and you have a trip through a working world of magical realism."
,Not Recommended,430410,33377747,Posted: 8 July,all,pandootz,"Okay, what I think about this game:+ I have to appreciate the art, it's just absolutely beautiful+ the story is original, but incredibly incomplete- the game was so short, 11 hours of gameplay for a $15 game, expected so many things to evolve, expected the dog to got away from the path, expected some sort of puzzle regarding Henry at the lightpost and those birds with nothing to eat adn the biologist and physician friend and so many other things;- some puzzles, especially for the first hours of playing, were absolutely ridiculous, made sense, but not in a point and click game, it wasn't something you would ever find a connection between;- it's slightly sloppy here and there and the way she reacts to using items with the environment is based on solely 2 affirmations;- I feel sad to offer a bad review to this, mostly because of its potential and its art, I've been thinking about this since I first got the feeling that it's not going to be what I expected."
76561198032719240,Recommended,430410,33390212,Posted: 8 July,all,ourpalecompanion,"Coming into the game primarily because of the Murakami inspiration, the atmosphere and aesthetics of Memoranda won me over. I'm not the biggest point-and-click fan, having only played a handful of the classics, but the puzzles were largely reasonable (though the hints, which may have been added in an update [?] are a welcome addition in some cases) if not always feeling connected to the story or anything. The ones I found confusing mostly made more sense in hindsigh, which is more than can be said for some of those classics I've played. I did spend a little time thrashing about, trying fruitlessly to combine objects in the inventory with each other and the environment, but that was almost always resolved by taking a break and coming back to the game later.The English script and voice work (can't speak for any other/future languages) is a little stilted and awkward, but I found the characters endearing overall. Like in a lot of Murakami's work, everything and everyone feels just at arm's length and a little out of focus; whether intentionally or not, I felt like it fits the jigsaw puzzle of a story. The music and art are lovely, giving it an off-kilter storybook feel, and I'd definitely be interested in more games with this art style. I don't often replay games, but this is short and pleasant enough that it might be nice to return to after some details of the story and puzzles fade, just to soak up the atmosphere.My overall impression: this is a thoughful game, and feels to me like it was made with a lot of care and passion. I only found Memoranda well after release, but would've been happy to have been a Kickstarter backer and received this game in return."
76561198216870697,Recommended,430410,33849566,Posted: 27 July,all,OhJohnnyt,This game is an absolute delight to play! Highly recommended.
76561197972710279,Recommended,430410,33253637,Posted: 4 July,all,Wayfaerer,"I think Memoranda is a fresh point-and-click game mainly in terms of atmosphere, storyline, and characters. However, the  setting is quite surreal and the storyline is confusing in the least of the terms. Some puzzles are very strange but I guess it's kind of ok, many good adventure games have very strange or difficult puzzles.The locations are very unique and detailed. There are tons of very strange and bizzarre characters. It feels like most of the characters are allegories to something or social situation but I missed nearly all of them. I feel like the storyline will make more sense if you've read several Murakami books.Pros:- Very beatiful art direction both in terms of graphics, music, sound, and their harmony.- Simple and intuitive mechanics- Very different characters compared to other adventure games.Cons:- The story is introduced very abrutly in the beginning. Is the challenge of Mizuki finding her name or being able to sleep? It feels like the later but the game seems to focus on the former without explaining much.- Some elements hasn't seem to be resolved at the end.- The ending has been very confusing to me. I didn't feel a lot of closure to the storyline."
,Recommended,430410,33934690,Posted: 31 July,all,avwarren,"I really wish I'd enjoyed this game more, being very fond of Haruki Murakami's writing. I also found the artwork striking and fresh for an adventure game and the premise itself (you have lost your name) very amusing. However, weird voice acting (I enjoyed the main character's slight lisp but I found her tone off with the game's atmosphere) and the ""dreamlike"" logic of the puzzles got me wanting to just get it over with.The hint system is somewhat elegant (and it gets the job done most of the time), but not the puzzles themselves. Sure, it's hard already trying to make good puzzles in a straightfoward narrative game, try doing it in a surreal one, where logic itself is warped. The game tries to acommodate this shortcoming by gating you out of areas and characters - sadly, most of the time by logically randomic means. You might feel you should do something at a point via the ""memoranda hints"" - put you can't, unless you somehow devise the unlogical trigger which you let you then access said areas or use said items.Also: the main character's ""i don't wanna do this"" messages (""some people get lucky and make it, im not one of them""and ""Maybe I would have done it in the old days"") drove me CRAZY. Basically, the most repeated phrases in the whole game are the most random and badly written.ALSO 2: someone may have mixed up surreal with ""quirky"" while coming up with a lot of this game's writing.HOWEVER: I know I'm being extra picky - as I said, I had hopes for the game.I'll sum it up:  if you enjoy adventures, this one is different and worth a shot if only for the artwork and the weird and amusing universe it creates. So, if nothing else, maybe consider it when it's on sale?"
76561198035641689,Recommended,430410,34321506,Posted: 17 August,all,amb1guiz,"Without a guide I would have been stuck in this game forever and probably exited out in mere minutes. But that was almost a given since I usually don't play point and click games with little patience for backtracking in games.However, since I am a massive Murakami fan I definitely decided this was worth the purchase and play. And by the end, it was definitely an enjoyable story even if I may not understand it at all - a feeling I'm not too unfamiliar with. The bits and pieces that I recognized as Murakami story elements always put a smile on my face.The art, music, background sounds, and especially the voice acting were all soothing. Plus there's a Glenn Gould Bach record, definitely a plus in my mind!"
76561198088475310,Recommended,430410,29488740,Posted: 25 January,all,Wemak,Is very challenged game and with a good art work good job if you want to see some gameplay i am doing a walkthrough of the game in my youtube channel here is the full gameplay with all the puzzles solutions on this playlist i hope to be helpful!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnNqoLZ7Bv4&list=PLsvfQPUwrpGbo9OUQ12Ilh-ErcaOkKt6J
,Recommended,430410,30824078,Posted: 29 March,all,xcomedian,"Good, stylish point-and-click adventure with good characters and atmosphere, lots of good original puzzles, and only a few nonsensical solutions. Ironicly, the ""dream logic"" puzzles are well signposted and not too difficult; it's actually the more mundane puzzles where the solutions can be unclear. Could use some work on the voice audio."
,Recommended,430410,30195692,Posted: 26 February,all,BadebiBadebu,"Happened upon this game somewhere before it was released, and I'm glad I did! Loved the graphics and the story. Some of the puzzles were really difficult to solve, and the vibe is a bit weird in general (in a good way). Wished the game is lot longer."
,Recommended,430410,34664589,Posted: 1 September,all,Katey,"I really enjoyed this game, the art is great, some fun music.The story is crazy, which is intruiging.The puzzles could have been better, often totally illogical I had to google. I'd never have been able to do it without a guide and that got quite frustrating toward the end, but it was still quite fun and had a lovely whimsical feel."
