user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,430960,32214531,Posted: 5 June,all,Wrockzenie,"I'm gonna start saying that I bought Lucy just for the sake of buy something and 3 months went away before I decided to finally play it. Now that I've finished the game I can safely say that I want to punch myself in the face for not playing this earlier because Lucy ended being one of my favorite Visual Novels, this is coming from someone who has read a whole lot of them.Okay so, what's Lucy about? Trying to not spoil anything (because the story is the main focus of this VN), the game is set in a distant future where Androids are a normal thing to have in every house mostly to help in household chores, you are a 18 year old boy that the game refers as to ""You"" (yes for 99% of the game we don't know the Main Protagonist name, but luckily that's not a problem because the game is written in a way that the MC's name isn't important until the very very end) who absolutely hates those Androids for reasons that the game eventually explains, one day coming back from school you decide to cross a junkyard to save some time and you find an Android on the middle of this junkyard that was going to be destroyed in a matter of minutes if you don't ""save"" it, obviously you saved it because reasons and repair it, this Android who calls herself Lucy Valentine ends up being one if not the most advanced Android ever created who can mimick a person even better than a real person, with this premise we start to live our daily lifes with Lucy at our side who suddenly changes everything on it.The game starts slow by creating the scenario that will make the reader eventually ask himself questions like ""Does a machine can ever have feelings?"", ""Does her feelings are even real?"", ""Do androids are really inferior to humans?"", ""It even matters if she is an android or a human?"". What comes next is a story about morale and ethics, a story that made me feel anger to some characters, sadness as to what was happening and nerviousness to think what could possibly happen next, and at the end of everything when I finally reached the ending (which the game has two) it gave me a plot twist that no way in hell I was expecting that made me cry so much but also made me incredibly happy.The fact that this 5 hour visual novel made me feel the things that I mentioned in the last paragraph when I didn't have a single expectations when I first started the game is the reason why I 100% recommend this game at full price if you are both interested in starting in the world of Visual Novels or if you are already a veteran.To end this review I want to mention that I usually don't make reviews like this but after finishing the game I had the urge to write one as a thanks to the developers for making this game."
,Recommended,430960,28305764,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Joserin,"TL;DR - Buy this. You won't regret it. [Don't read if you don't like UI related spoilers]I've never been a fan of visual novels. None of them managed to hold me long enough to make it to the end. Then came along Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-This game showed up in my recommendations list one day and I saw the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" response. Then I started reading the reviews and thought, can a visual novel really make that big an impact? So I decided to pick it up and try for myself.The story started out strong but then started to drag and I started feeling bored. I dropped the game about 3 hours of playing (spread over 2 days). 4 days later I came back because I really wanted to see what the fuss was all about.Then the ending came along and the credits rolled and it didn't have that much of an impact on me. Once the credits finished and the main menu showed up, there were some jumbled letters instead of the ""Start"" button. I thought it a bug and restarted the game, but they were still jumbled. So I clicked on them.Then the REAL ending played. And boy-oh-boy did I gush like a baby at the impact this sequence had on me. I buried my face in my pillow and cried until I could cry no more.I've not been hit so hard by emotions for a long time and I thank the developers for bringing such an experience."
,Recommended,430960,21604236,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sakura Matou,"Funny, Heart Warming, Gut Wrenching, Sadness, Anger , thought provoking and REAL are all things I felt or thought when reading this Visual Novel.As someone who has read many visual novels , graphic novels and comics, this is one of the finest things I have ever read. PERIOD.I laughed, I cried tears of sadness, tears of joy,  I bit my tongue in anger, Questioned what defines life truly and most importantly I was touched inside and began to question some of my own demons in my life. I will say that the people who wrote this were not your run of the mill writers, but were both very articulate and intelligent. I won't state my reason for believing this due to possible spoilers but I must say they certainly must have pondered the very topic of this Visual Novel themselves, such as  using  Asimov ((who is one of my favorite writers)), and a few other thinkers and writers as an inspiration as well.Now I will get to the pros and cons.Pros.Great Artwork. 9/10Good Mood setting music. 7/10Not a lot of Characters but the ones in the Game are meaningful and all are key to the entire plot. Quality over Quanity. 10/10Main Protaginist Feels very real, as do his supporting cast. 10/10Plot Twist with true ending that was very emotional and well done ((not to mention the very meaningful and Emotional Epilogues too))Thought provoking, morally and spritually.Good Customer support after I had issues starting the Application.No forced romance , friendships or plot, things developed in time and all are meaningful when they do.Cons.Had an error starting the game, but that has been fixed.Predictible in some ways to a veteran of visual novels of what the ""right choices"" are to get the true ending.Wish the game went on longer just because I got attached to the characters ((not really a con just me whining it had to end. :( ))Would I recommend Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For? Yes, but see Below.I would recommend it for those who are looking for a thought provoking, emotional roller coaster of a visual novel,But for those that want a visual novel with the main plot being sex, or nudity...look elsewhere this one isn't for you.Once again thank you for taking the time to read my poorly written review but I can not express enough of how impressed I was with this little Visual Novel.I would like to say excellent work to the team that put this together and made it all possible as well.Kind regards.P.S. Lucy I won't forget the Memories."
,Recommended,430960,34776000,Posted: 6 September,all,DragYn,"I'm not crying, you're crying! . . . SHUT UP!In all seriousness, if you like a touching story (and can forgive a little over-the-top melodrama), give Lucy a chance.  I got it on sale, and it was well worth the $5. Nice production values including gorgeous sprites, beautiful (and plentiful) CGs, some voice over work (Lucy is the only one with VOs, albeit not in English) and excellent sound design.Has in game achievements as well, though they aren't actual Steam achievements."
,Recommended,430960,30828433,Posted: 30 March,all,Yuma,Beautiful StorylineBeautiful SoundtracksBeautiful ScenesA true masterpiece.10/10
,Recommended,430960,22295868,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,robinceara_kerubi,"Never has any piece of media made me experience so many emotions in such a short span of time. I went from mildly interested, to completely invested in virtually no time since the writing in this VN was so spectacular.Then, once Lucy had her claws in me, the feels trip didn't stop. I flew between the emotions of happiness, anger, and sadness faster than I even knew I could.Then, when I finally achieved the true ending, I couldn't have been more satisfied.And just as a side note, I will never forgive that prick of a father. The whole time I was playing through ""Reunion"" I was hoping for the old ♥♥♥♥er to fall and break a hip or something. XD10/10 would sob in the most unnatractive way possible again"
76561198006413390,Recommended,430960,33318595,Posted: 6 July,all,woosk,"This visual novel by Modern Visual Arts Laboratory feature three different unnamed male protagonists in a futuristic Korean setting, the first of which is a male student simply referred to as You who happened to come across an inactive female android about to be destroyed at a K Robotics junkyard while returning home from school one day. Feeling sorry for the android, You decided to bring the android home, recharge and activate the android which is a PIM-001 android with the name of Lucy Valentine. As You gets acquainted with Lucy in his daily routine amidst the backdrop of a general dislike of androids and robots by the local human population, the visual novel will alternate between You with Lucy and earlier memories of Lucy with her creator also simply referred to as Doctor Ryu.Upon completing the game with any ending, an extra storyline featuring You's father with a PIM-023 silveroid(home-care android designed to take care of the elderly) years later as the protagonist will be unlocked.Although there are no Steam achievements to obtain in this game, the game has an in-game achievement page that will track and show all unlocked in-game achievements that are awarded while playing through the game, making certain gameplay and dialogue choices and reaching a golden ending where additional extra content in the form of additional plot twists, main menu theme background, music and title changes and developer comments will be awarded upon obtaining all in-game achievements and viewing all extra content. There are published community guides to help players get all in-game achievements and extra unlockable content in the game.The game has more than 2200 positive reviews at the time of this review, great artwork, soundtracks and overall presentation. It would be nice to have a music gallery in the game. Overall, highly recommended when game with ending theme OST are at discount or in a good bundle offer."
,Recommended,430960,31611335,Posted: 7 May,all,Professor Donut,"Oh my god, people! I.... I don't even know what to say... This game was simultaneously the most beautiful and the most heart-wrenching thing I have ever gone through. This was the best $10 I've ever spent! Lucy is absolutely, 100% worth every cent of it. I have one thing to say directly to the people involved with making this: Thank you for one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had!"
,Recommended,430960,33196599,Posted: 3 July,all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Ever since I completed this visual novel, I struggled for weeks to come up with something significant to say about it. You know, something a little more powerful than ""I give this game feels out of 10"". As a critic, I don't get many opportunities to actually think about a videogame, especially one that I already finished. Usually I'm too concerned with the next game, and trying desperately to stay on schedule. ForLucy - The Eternity She Wished For -to rattle around in the nether reaches of my brain for so long, perhaps it's something truly special.Lucy Valentine is an android, an artificial being programmed to mimic the behavior and feelings of a human. Her emotions aren't truly legitimate...are they? This question sparks what could be considered a journey towards validation. She's trying to find her purpose, and prove to those around her that she's more than just a tool. How exactly does one do that? After all, she is an android. Whatever she does or says will be immediately countered with ""...but you're a robot. This is all part of your programming.""She isn't real. Well, that goes without saying, considering she's a videogame character and all. The thing is, we as a society carry feelings for numerous persons or objects that aren't ""real"". Perhaps there is a TV or movie character whose death we lament, a piece of music that stirs emotion, an object of sentimental value, or even just words on a page that make us cry. For us to show feelings for anything that is not flesh and blood, but deny Lucy her emotions, it just seems selfish and wrong.What makes validation such an interesting concept is that it's what we're always in pursuit of. We spend the bulk of our lives trying to find our place in the sun. Sometimes we never actually get there. We become lost in the fog, not knowing who or what to reach for. After spending enough time in the fog, people lose sight of everything. Take this game's protagonist for example, he has never known what it's like for somebody to take care of him, while he's sick. What we (likely) took for granted when were children, is an absolutely incredible event for him. An android is showing him more care and affection than his human parents ever did. It's the simple times like these that cause the boy to question his anti-robot beliefs.Lucy is more than just ""well-built"". She has many wonderful qualities. Every moment spent with her, no matter how inane, is just perfect. Granted, there are times in the story that practically force the player to feel sympathy. The protagonist tends to be a miserable jerk to Lucy, which is frustrating to watch. In all honesty, I'm a bit strange. When it comes to visual novels that involve relationships and/or romance, I tend to get more attached to male characters. In other words, even though I'm a straight guy, I'm totally in love with Kent fromAmnesia: Memories. Maybe this says more about the VNs that I've played, but I don't know. Lucy is quirky, but not annoying. She's naive, but in a way that's charming and not revolting. She has more depth and agency than her programming lets on.Some would argue that this visual novel is predictable and manipulative. The story isn't exactly unfamiliar to science-fiction enthusiasts, and certain events are expertly composed for maximum effect. Even with that in mind, I was still completely overwhelmed. For me, this was probably the most emotionally impactful media I've experienced since the movieI'm a Cyborg, But That's OK. This game does so much with a relatively short period of time.The ""Overwhelmingly positive"" rating is well-deserved."
,Recommended,430960,26554712,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cynthum,"I write this on the verge of tears in my eyes.I bought it, started playing it at 10pm and couldn't stop 'till it was over and the time was 2am in the morning.I hope you buy it and very much more enjoy it to the end."
76561197995260060,Recommended,430960,32261476,Posted: 7 June,all,Setokaiva,"Fair warning for those with sensitive feels. This is a story that will make you feel, and feel powerfully. Prolonged exposure to deep feels may have lasting and unpredictable effects for the rest of your days.But in all seriousness... wow. Buy it. Just buy the game. I don't even know where to begin with how magical and well-crafted the story really is. Not just because there are several crowning moments of heartwarming throughout, which I have an extreme weakness for. It also asks some very serious and thoughtful questions, like:  ""If a human makes poor or destructive choices in their life, does that make them any more or less human? And if someone's humanity can be affected... why couldn't a machine who does 'human' actions gain humanity, too?""Once you pick this up, you won't want to put it down until it's done. And every time you come back, Lucy'll be there waiting for you with that beautiful, angelic smile. ^^  Make sure to keep a box of tissues nearby, because tears of both sorrow and joy will abound. I will tell you, however, that thereisa ""true ending"" to the game. Just don't worry, and keep playing; you're likely to see it anyway, and this visual novel lets you save over 120 save files so you can replay your most memorable scenes.I'm givingLucy -The Eternity she Wished For-a perfect 10 out of 10. For me, this is an absolute masterpiece without peer. I only give 10's for games that go above and beyond my expectations. I barely even want to touch this again for fear of what it'll do to my feels."
76561198255980695,Recommended,430960,34268124,Posted: 15 August,all,Mike Miller,"Story is beautiful, well made, and there is a lot of heart into this. It is not another VN, it is not another fast food story, but a masterpiece at storytelling. Maybe there is nothing new to say in robot-with-human-feelings stories, but with Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For -, we are closer to the delightful Asimov's tales than to the regular pop culture science fiction with their over-used formulas. Don't expect a moe moe cute robot love story. Be prepared to question yourself about what it means to be an ""authentic"" human being.You can learn beauty from art,nature from science,life from religion,and man from robots."
76561198055319340,Recommended,430960,21646789,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[AJM]AlphaElite2,"Lucy - The eternity she wished for is TheBestVisual Novel, which I've read so far and will it be for all eternityHow and why did I come to this conclusion?Well, first of all what should an Visual Novel achieve to be called ""perfect"" ?For me, if a visual Novel causes you to shed tears out of sadness AND because some scenes have touched your heart, then a visual novel did everything right. Also, If just reading the title of the VN causes you to sink in thoughts, then the VN did something special.As for Lucy,all those points above are applying to this VN. I shed countless tears and my heart got touched very often.StoryI hate it to spoil anything about the story. I can only say, that the Story  is really reallyheart-touching.ThemeThe theme is settled in the future, where androids are part of the daily life and are helping out with normal chores or other tasks.CharactersMain characterThe Main character is a normal boy who can make proper decisions. But unlike the most people in this world, he hates robots. It's really interesting to see how his mind is changing from time to time.The fatherThe father is just ***** not more or less.LucyLucy is a cheerful and lighthearted android. Really, right after the first time I met her, I instantly loved her. Her ""Ahem"" is soooo cute that your heart will melt.In short: Lucy is awesome!The SoundtrackA reaaally enjoyable Soundtrack, it fits perfectly to the current scene. I love especially the sad and the ""thoughtful"" tracks (They are emphasizing the situation a lot, that you will get a bigger impact^^)Userinterface (UI) and text boxesBoth are well designed and are fitting to the general theme.CgThe Cg's are all really beautiful  and are supporting the whole story.Voice(s)First of all, only Lucy is voiced ( Korean and Japanese)Oh my god  the japanese VA was awesome! She did a gorgeous Job! You can hear clearly all emotions when she speaks. Just awesome. The Voice-quality is very good too.However, besides the voices, there were also various soundeffects, which were also in a good quality.ExtrasAfter clearing the game, you will unlock the CG gallery and 3 extra scenarios. Also, you have the chance to unlock the true ending.the true ending caused me to shed tears again, but left me with a totally satisfied feelingAdditional informationThe devs are really friendly and are trying to help you in the steam forums very fast. I appreciate this a lot ! :)In the end, I am very happy that I could meet Lucy and I will definitely grant her, her wish - the eternity she wished for !and I wish for100% recommendation It would be a shame if you would miss this perfect Visual NovelThank you M-Vizlab !"
76561198361790480,Recommended,430960,32139161,Posted: 2 June,all,WhiteDeathDK,is it just me or is this storyline totaly copied from the anime chobits?
,Recommended,430960,31780604,Posted: 15 May,all,mintea,"Finaly had a chance to write a review on it after finishing it all so long ago.Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- starts out slow, a possible generic scenario in the near future. However as you progress on, you will find that this story leaves thought-provoking questions as you get deeper into this story ""Can a machine have a mind, mental states, and consciousness in the same way that a human being can?"" ""Can it truly feel how things are?"" ""Can it have feelings? Joy, love, hate, anger...?""Last of all, ""Does it matter if it's artificial?""Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is a good starter for anyone new to Visual Novels/Kinetic Novels as it touches on almost all forms of feelings of the reader. It might seem to play out really badly with weirdly placed scenes the don't really link to anything, but it's all a guise to hide a fantastic masterpiece.10/10 - Everyone should play it.Your truly - mintea"
,Recommended,430960,22268545,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cainhurst,"I cannot begin to explain how this game is a heart warming experience. In the beginning, I thought this game was a weird cliche game that wasn't worth 10 bucks. I was so wrong in the end. Many scenes in the story made me laugh and cry. I felt emotionally attached to the characters and consequently, began to feel sad when anything bad ever happened to them. Oh, btw, the more you get through the game, the title starts to change to a nice quote.*SPOILER*It changes to:Lucy- The eternity she wished for (and I wished for)"
,Recommended,430960,21724342,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,sinus,"Absolute tearjerking Visual Novel alongside planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~ & CLANNAD.The story of the VN is heart-warming & emotional, as it touches my heart often. It portrays the relationships between androids and humans. The BGM Scenes they gave totally got me good. CGs & Sountracks are awesome, and the voice acting for Lucy is astounding. (Only Lucy is voiced btw, both in Korean & Japanese.)According to my review, its definitely worth the full-price. Will be continuing to support you guys more, M-Vizlab! Thank you for providing Lucy to us on Steam!!"
,Recommended,430960,22653439,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,The Wise Wolf,"The moment where a promise prevails over any sort of command or order, where this fierce, burning passion yields to nothing short of the desired goal.Time and time again, stories that revolve around androids has never ceased to amaze me no matter how many times I have seen similar themes being handled; they continuously give a nudge at one's heartstrings. Almost as if reading this visual novel is the same as playing a harp with each string representing a different emotion that is then played at various frequency, duration, and intensity to develop into a string of notes turning into a vibrant melody all coming together to become a feast of emotions filled with enough diversity to fit into each and everyone's need. The conductor guiding the flow of the story's ambiance into unison and therefore, producing a single, bittersweet product that is masterfully handled.Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is impressive in all respects: the art, voice acting, music, story and many more are to be desired of, given the fitting beauty in many scenes of the story, although seemingly simple, the story is intriguing, touching, and all in all an enjoyable work. As the story unfolds itself, one can't help but to sympathize with the characters and become immersed in the story of just what it means to become attached to someone; whether they are human or not, or blood-related or not. Someone important is simply someone important, nothing more and nothing less."
76561198171604171,Recommended,430960,29363652,Posted: 19 January,all,399,"10/10 Just Amazing.The feels are strong with this one.I paid good money just to make myself feel bad. #NoRegretsBS aside,Absolutely amazing vn. The music and visuals complemented each other perfectly. The story progressed at just the right pace to keep the reader engaged while still going over the main points. The plot and twists were very touching. It leaves some food for thought even after you close the game. By far one of the best vn's I've seen on steam in a long time."
,Recommended,430960,23842168,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Miss Emily Grierson,"Simply beautiful.Poignant, philosophical, funny, tragic, and just beautiful.I'll admit there were a few typos in the text. This bothered me.But this did not bother me nearly as much as THE THREE DAMN RULES OF ROBOTICS BEING REPEATED BETWEEN EVERY SINGLE SCENE. It makes for pretty blatant foreshadowing and I predicted my first ending perfectly. I have heard there is a better, ""true"" ending, and I definitely plan on playing it again in order to get there. I just have to let my heart recover.Yes, even if it was predictable, it still managed to move me. That's a great feat. I really applaud these writers and I highly recommend this to anyone who likes reading visual novels."
76561198036215212,Recommended,430960,27797771,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,smaptimania,"Cons - The script is in dire need of proofreading. There a number of spelling errors, misused punctuation, and malapropisms that could have been avoided if a critical eye had gone over it before publication.Pros: EVERYTHING ELSE. This really belongs up there with some of the golden age sci-fi stories. The exploration of intelligence and what it means to be human is top-notch.  The comparison of Lucy, who's only kind because she's been programmed to be, to the narrator, who only hates androids because he's been raised to be, really makes you think about the extent to which free will is tempered by the environment we're brought up in. And for us older players, the story in a whole really encapsulates the entire experience of your first teenage love - how the world changes overnight,  how it seems like you can't go on once it's all over, and how it still simmers in your mind after decades have passed.Could use some polishing, but it gave me feels all the same."
,Recommended,430960,28199857,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Awoelkchen,"If you ever wanted a partner who is willing to do everything to make you happy, ignoring their own happiness, this is a sob story for you."
,Recommended,430960,28702215,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AaronMetallion,"Out of the unfortunate amounts of degenerate filth in ""Visual Novel “+” Romance"" tag (you know what I'm talking about), This game was truly a beacon of pure light. So innocent, genuine, pure, heartwarming... THE FLUFFING DUCKING FEELS MAN. Delivered though perfect, ethereal voice acting (Japanese). I was often compelled to savor the experience at half my pace, as the music, paired with the sense of mood and color, and divine CGs created an ambience you'd actually want to immerse yourself into and dwell in, especially during the delicate bits. The game makes you think and contemplate, short as it was (4-5 hours), it was an experience that left me with more than I paid for.Cons:- Mom saw me crying.10/10"
,Not Recommended,430960,28934801,Posted: 2 January,all,Vaylon,"In my experience, visual novels are poorly-written, which is a real shame -- the combination of audiovisual cues and written word could really lend itself toward breathing new life into old ideas. Unfortunately, Lucy is yet another example of a visual novel that falls short and leaves its medium under-utilized.The premise of Lucy is interesting, and I had been hoping to see an intriguing exploration of the problems and ethics behind human-android interaction, and while this does briefly come up in the game, it's only touched on in a superficial and immature way.Tonally, the game is, quite frankly, a mess. The game can't decide whether or not it wants to have horror elements, which it includes by way of sometimes-startling visual and audio distortions resembling glitches. But if it's not a horror game (and it isn't --horrible, maybe, but not horror), what purpose do these elements serve? They don't mirror the content of the game by reinforcing its themes. They're distracting and unnecessary.Lucy has some questionable design choices, and the repeated inclusion of the Three Laws of Robotics seems pretty slap-dash and ultimately proves, quite irritatingly, to be without meaning sinceLucy is constantly shown violating the Three Laws of Robotics -- for example, she repeatedly fails to prevent the protagonist's father from abusing him and indeed continues to defend his father even through the true ending. The voice acting is well-done, and I think the actress breathes life and characterization into what would otherwise be a dull, irritating, and meandering script.There's a good deal of stilted language in Lucy -- from the way he spoke and thought, I sometimes wondered whether or not the protagonist himself was an android, or perhaps from another planet. That stilted language unfortunately repeatedly spoiled the mood of a scene by taking me out of the fiction instead of immersing me in it. Visual novel writers and translators: I implore you topleaseget a good grasp of the natural way that people think and speak. Think of it as writing a play, not as writing an essay.Some other thoughts about the game -- the music was fine, if somewhat forgettable. The UI was well-designed and visually appealing, but the scene transitions were grating. Lucy's character design was good, but other characters seemed out-of-place or just plain weird. I was disappointed to discover that the game had no Steam achievements despite having in-game achievements.I want to firmly state something about the Three Laws of Robotics, which kept appearing during the game during chapter transitions and in the narrative itself.There is absolutelyno reasonto repeat something as much as this game repeated the Three Laws of Robotics. None. The repetition served no purpose whatsoever except to merely irritate the reader. It was purposeless in both form and content: I cannot stress this enough.Whoever approved that design element should never be allowed to work on visual novels ever again.All in all, I can't recommend this game to anyone. Maybe it's worth checking out if you get it as part of a bundle, but even on sale at half price, I still feel cheated."
76561198123460252,Recommended,430960,32268090,Posted: 8 June,all,Contrails of Memories,I'm already emotionally wrecked.This game didn't help. But its great nonetheless.9/10 - Must get true ending to feels the more feels and understand dem feels to overcome feels;_; Thanks for ruining my night
,Recommended,430960,27036532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Naif,"So who are “you”? You are a regular student going on about your life in a technologically advanced world where owning an android at home is an everyday thing. The only caveat is that you hate androids in general, and so does the family you live with. While not much is given to the reader about the protagonist, the game does make it clear that they do not like robots, and this is what sets the tone for most of the game and the future interactions you will see.the most heartwrenching and uplifting VN I've ever had the pleasure to read.remember to keep watching after the credits"
,Recommended,430960,28177967,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NotAWeeb,Tears were shed - both of sadness and happiness.
,Recommended,430960,26374629,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,fwtraxar,"First off, let's put it out that I love visual novel, I have played quiet a lot of visual novel, either translated or raw(with help of translator and my incomplete knowledge of Japanese). VN made me laugh, cry, angry, happy, inspired, enlightened, etc.But no matter what the ending is, I'm usually clear of what I believe about the action that happen in it. That's not the case withLucy - The Eternity She Wished For-, it put me in a bind. It keeps me in dilemma even after I finished it. I'm questioning which side I should be, what should've been done to get a better end, who's at fault. And I think that is a testament of just how careful this game and its cast were made.Lucy's (Japanese) VA, the dev team that created the scenario and design Lucy, great job guys. I think it'd take a while until I could play it again to unlock the remaining CG/Extra/Achievements. Whoever purchased this game, I hope you'll like it no matter how it ends. And I hope you're prepared."
76561198081392653,Recommended,430960,32228896,Posted: 6 June,all,Tactical Bacon,"How can I describe this game in an adequate way to capture it's beauty? Honestly, I don't think I can. Set in the near future where androids are common in society, you play as a young man who has to overcome issues with his feelings about androids and his family. There aren't many characters but the ones present are fleshed out and evolve over time in a believable manner. It postulates some questions that are hard to answer. Can a robot feel? Does it have a soul? What does it mean if it does? How do they deserve to be treated. The story fits together quite nicely though you may not realize elements of it at first and while one ending is certainly canon, the game is written leaves you asking yourself about what was actually the good ending. Be prepared to question things that you feel you already know and keep the tissues handy because you'll weep both tears of sorrow and joy. I certainly don't regret purchasing this game and certainly hope the minds behind Lucy can bring us another experience that equals this one in the future. I give it a solid 10/10 and recommend that you purchase it for your own enjoyment."
76561198124534210,Recommended,430960,30913109,Posted: 2 April,all,znobodyz,"After I have played this game for a while I knew it: I just have to write my first review for this gameAs someone who codes in his sparetime, studies informatics and has an interest in topics like machine learning I of course was interested from the start and I wasn't disappointed at all. But what I've enjoyed even more were the philosophical questions mentioned in it and those that arise when you start thinking about it. It really made me think about it (again).Apart from that I also really liked the story. The only tiny negative point I have got (but this isn't really a justified one) is that the story is so short. I would have loved reading it for a bit longer but that's just because I liked it so much.All in all I really think this VN is a masterpiece. BUT DON'T STOP UNTIL YOU GET THE ACHIEVEMENT ""Unto Eternity"" (The credits will run long before that, so don't let them fool you). My opinion of this VN basically jumped from ""good"" to ""masterpiece"" when I have read this last tiny part.In the end I can only say so much: If you like the setting described in the description, give it a go! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,430960,23409581,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ispaure,Plastic Memories all over again... *CRIES*
76561198141206243,Recommended,430960,25792298,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nepgya~,"this game is worth playing, prepare to wipe your tears! Definitely one of the best visual novels."
,Recommended,430960,25228276,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rem Silvertongue,"It's with tear-stricken eyes that I write this review. I've just finished my first playthrough of Lucy and I feel like I need to write this now. Usually I'll give myself time to process a Visual Novel; its strengths and weaknesses, the characters, the story and all of the little technical aspects hither and thither. But with Lucy, I feel as though I need to pen my thoughts now in what's sure to be an emotional review.The story takes place in Korea, in the year 2050. The game puts you in the shoes of an unnamed teenager who has been brought up in a household mistrusting of robot-kind. On one fateful day, while contemplating how much the area has changed for the worse, he happens upon an Android in a scrap-heap, and this is where the tale begins.The story makes very few mistakes. The relatively short length and good pacing ensure that the story does not overstay its welcome or dwell on one point for too long, always making sure to relate back to the overarching questions it raises. Lucy presents us with the concept of androids, gradually becoming more commonplace in society. It presents a line between humankind and robotkind, leaving the player to decide where exactly it is drawn and presenting us with genuinely difficult to answer problems with the automated future many of us seem to want. It's a genuinely thought-provoking piece of art and it provides a lot of food for thought.Yet all the while it had no trouble making me laugh with well-timed comic relief here and there. At other times, it managed to draw tears as I became more and more invested in the tragically beautiful and heart-wrenching story of Lucy. All of these elements combined create an experience that pulls you in and keeps you invested throughout.The only other thing I'll mention here is the UI. My god is the UI fantastic. It was the first thing I noticed in the game and it's such a brilliant tone-setter in a way I've never seen any other UI in any other game pull off. It's genuinely impressive to look at with stunning Visual effects thrown in for good measure and a menu system that doesn't sacrifice functionality to remain stylish. I would go so far as to say that this is the best UI I've ever seen in a visual novel and while it may seem like quite a small thing to make a big deal out of it genuinely got me invested in the game before I had even started playing it.The rest, I'll leave to you to discover. I had another 5 or 6 paragraphs about the characters, BGM and visual design but I feel like they'll only hamper this review.Rest assured, this is a fantastic visual novel and one I wholeheartedly recommend for those looking for a thought provoking and tear jerking experience.(Author's note: My first playthrough of the main story took me 4-5 hours. I wasn't connected to the internet throughout all of that time, so don't feel put off by my 1.2 hour playtime. I've spent far longer than that already and have far more to play.)"
76561198053632999,Recommended,430960,23045636,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Saya,"Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is a game that made me feel so warm inside. So much that I'm making my first review on steam (^-^)I truly recommend this game if you are looking for a good VN.The plot is interesting, talking about how will people behave if one day androids become an almost perfect imitation of humans, and the characters development is great.  It will make you happy, cry (I was crying tears of joy so much at a certain point) and smile, even though it only lasts for just a few hours.Thanks to the developers of this game for making such a pearl :)"
76561198049001613,Recommended,430960,26213209,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jumpydoll,"This was a pretty great VN. I'm pleased to see the VN selection on Steam these days, and I'd rate this among the better ones. I thought the music was good. Both the CGs and Lucy's sprites were well-drawn and emotive. I thought some of the English was a little awkward, but vastly better than most VNs, and I didn't catch any typos to boot.But that's not the important part. It's a VN, so you want to know about the story and the characters. The cast is pretty small and the supporting characters receive minimal development, but the interaction and developing relationship between the main character and Lucy really shines. I cared a lot about what happened and how they felt about each other. The game delivers on emotion, ranging from heart-bursting happiness to desperate sadness, always feeling authentic.Speaking of emotion, this game made me cry. I cried my face off, and that's... not something I do terribly frequently. So, if that's something that interests you, this could be appropriate. I recommend it at full price, and on sale you'd be crazy not to! The beginning was a tad slow, just give it a little time. My only real gripe is the UI could be a little clunky and unresponsive."
,Recommended,430960,22724726,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,IanDresarie,"spoilerfree tip: Keep the flyer!!!The Game has multiple endings and there was this one decision I obviously made the wrong choice, so I got to one of the alternate endings. It was alright, fit into the storie, but still felt somehow like I was missing something.I then read a guide and became aware that there was a 'true' ending, so I skipped though the game again to get to it.And Holy f****king sh*t, it chanched everything to the better. The whole storie got a completely new meaning and got me into tears of joy during the last scene.Overall, this game is a perfect example, what an interactive novel should be. Everything about it is amazing.solid 11/10!"
,Recommended,430960,22259480,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ѕтєαмρυик_fσχ,First game to make me cry... 11/10
,Recommended,430960,23263209,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,That One Chinese Guy,Bought this Visual Novel not knowing what to expect but let me tell you all who reads this review: It is simply amazing. The story is both intriguing yet very engaging and they are moments where this visual novel makes you feel emotions. I played through this and I encountered a great fluidity with how the story progressed. I would rate this 10/10 and would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a visual novel to play or to anyone looking to get into visual novels.
76561198210364924,Recommended,430960,25957730,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Flap,"Wow... I have no idea where to start.Well first off this is my 2nd VN I ever delved into, bought it when on sale and I liked both what I saw and the reviews.Well... I must say I don't think I have ever cried ever to any game nor experience I have had in my life, and yet this game managed to make me sit there and ball my tears out for a good 10 minutes...Oh you are such cruel developers for making it end the way it did... but damn is this a exceptionally well made VN... for someone new and getting into it I very much enjoyed a lot of it... Just why the ending there!?EDIT: Just did the true ending after looking up a guide... You still cant avoid the inevitable that happened but at least it ended with a nice twist... More tears were shed once more.So yeah... prepare your buttcheeks for this one..."
,Recommended,430960,26008521,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Awoo~!,"No game has ever made me cry like this one.Just buy it. Even if you don't play it, this company deserves the money for making such a masterpiece.But, if you do buy it, PLAY IT. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,430960,22714954,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SpeedRacer,"Very touching and compelling story with interesting parallels to our world. the story telling is special in the way that you experience the story and parts and ends are filled in or revealed as you progress11/10 My mom walked into my room seeing my crying. She thought it was because I've been unemployed for a year, jokes on you ♥♥♥♥♥ cause I'm never going back to work and an anime robot girl broke my heart,"
,Recommended,430960,24313561,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,КØИ 💯,"Lucy Valentine :D,Pros of the VN+ Lucy is cute.+ Lucy can cook.+ Lucy is useful.+ Lucy is lovable.Can see and would love to see this get an anime adaptation."
,Recommended,430960,32401547,Posted: 13 June,all,Kross,Buy this game because of the discount and i dont even like vn game.but this is the first VN game that doesnt make me sleepy and bored to dead.worth every dollar even if it is not on a discount.
,Recommended,430960,22959033,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rocky X Starr,"This is for anyone who may be hesitant. I'm a 28 year old male and I've been a gamer since I was 4. I've never bothered reviewing anything on Steam before and I've never ""played"" a visual novel, but I do like to read and I love anime. This game was on sale for around $7 and the reviews intrigued me so much because I love an emotional story, but I was really reluctant to purchase Lucy because I was unsure of visual novels. I forced myself to buy it. I'd rather take a chance and regret it, than regret never taking the chance. So, at only 7 US dollars, I bought it.ACTUAL REVIEW...ISHI've played many games that have pulled at my heartstrings and I've shed tears plenty of times, but NONE of them has compared to this game. Happy, sad, angry, and everything between. This game is a masterpiece. I would have honestly paid $60 for this game. Lucy had my heart in a stranglehold. I will never forget ""Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For"" for eternity."
,Recommended,430960,26368675,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Rikimaru567,one of the saddest game i play yet but good story and twist broke down crying in some area / should at least try it onces without a guide
76561198042530487,Recommended,430960,25543547,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ShaezoNai,"Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For - is a visual novel that is definitely worth playing.It is a heart-warming, tear-jerking, thought-provoking and overall enjoyable experience.The story is told really well, the characters are very believable, the artwork is great and the music is really pleasant to listen to and fits the overall character of the game.It was not a long journey, but it was definitely worth its price.If you enjoy stories like Plastic Memories and Chobits, then this is definitely something for you."
76561198005050318,Recommended,430960,24621306,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Momo,"Well, this is quite similar to Chobits but I enjoyed it nonetheless, maybe it was actually inspired by it? Who knows. For its price it's really decent and will give you the feels with a good ride.  Disregard the negative reviews saying that it's only a tragic story, there is a happy ending (true end route).Despite the simple story it's very thought provoking because something like this  eventually happening for real is not outside of the realm of possibilites judging by how fast we are advancing in the intelligent AI field.On the technical side:- It's high res by default (I was quite surprised actually because many VNs still use 800x600 as a standard even today)- Beautiful art- Decent music- Good translations, even has Korean and Japanese voice oversI didn't really encounter any bugs so that's a plus as well. I can see and feel that love was put into this game which is a very good thing."
,Recommended,430960,25854751,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Rozaria,"my opinion went from ""I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game"" to ""I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game"" in under half an hour10/10"
76561198067009811,Recommended,430960,32632474,Posted: 21 June,all,chris_cassity,"Lucy is not a game. It is more. It is life. It is the example of how I learned to please a 2d woman. Thank you Lucy, you are forever eternity."
76561198203099629,Recommended,430960,33574381,Posted: 15 July,all,Sarabellatrixx,"This was a very interesting VN.The story was captivating, the characters were infuriating (cough cough the father), and the ending was heartbreaking.It was a litte short (don't mind my playtime, I played offline while I was away) so I'd say it'd take around 4 hours to complete, but I think it's worth it. Get it on sale though, I got this for 5 bucks."
,Recommended,430960,22967800,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,HДTЯƎD,"I CANNOT STOP CRYING. I NEED BACK UP! Please, I am running out of tissues and ice cream! Lucy... Even if the game is done, and I cannot cry anymore, I wish for a sequel, or some DLC, extend this masterpiece please! Lucy. I will remember you."
,Recommended,430960,26511660,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,novamouy17,"Very intriguing story line, I fully went through it once so far.  It is kind of a short story but it kept my interest and I am curious to see what the other endings will be like."
,Recommended,430960,26558369,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Delezatro,"Amazing VN with great artworks, voice acting and lots of unexpected feels. It is 100% worth buying if you appreciate visual novels with a great (but somewhat short) story and don't mind not having any 18+ content."
,Recommended,430960,23975061,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ungodly Wafflez,"Words cannot describe what an emotional ride I had with this visual novel. It is the first visual novel for me to play through and it has certainly exceeded my expectations. I felt the story was very captivating and immersive and there were moments that brought me in tears. Not gonna lie! Despite the ""unsettling"" latter with the story, it certainly leaves me with a lasting impression and emotions. A lot of effort and excellent craftsmanship has been put into to this game and I applaud to the developers creating a memorable experience for all of us to indulge in! This game easily gets a 10/10 from me!!!"
,Recommended,430960,27902889,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Natulyre,"""Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For-"" is a short Visual Novel game with a small amount of decisions, and as a result, next to no story branching, but that's a non-issue for this title.The story revolves around the main character meeting an abandonned android (Lucy), quickly get you attached to her character and then slowly reveals the Sword of Damocles (aka, a feeling of imminent tragedy).Lucy's a simple and elegant game, it's cheap and it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,430960,33021334,Posted: 29 June,all,Aya,"Heartwarming Visual that tells a story about a guy that lives in a world full of android, to find himself hating androids for reasons. However it is all about to change when he meets Lucy.Pros / Good pointsStory-The story itself is quite unique. It is the only reason you will be getting this game. It is heartwarming and definitely will touch your heart. It will question yourself about humanity and whether a android that looks human is taboo. It covers almost everything about Lucy and the endings actually patched some plot holes.Characters-There aren't much characters in the story however Lucy and Main protaganist is fleshed out prefectly. Lucy definitely the best character as her development is the main focus and she herself is so f-ing adorable. However this left with some other characters to the side.Lucy is best android girl hands downMemorable Soundtracks- The soundtrack is definitely one of the most important aspect of any VN to set the mood for the whole story. This game definitely has this. I would recommend getting the OST DLC too if you have some extra cash.Neat GUI-The GUI in this game is neat. It doesn't go over the top yet manages to look great visually and easy to read.Cons /IssuesToo Little Choices- It has some choices for the plot however it doesn't effect as much and as impactful. For those who wants a choice-heavy VN this could effect your experience with the game.The 'Meh'Dollars per Hour-It's pretty short. It is around 5-6 hours depending on your reading speed. For it's price, I would want a little bit more of that. They could have make the daily live of them a little bit longer but that's just me nitpicking.I would definitely recommend this for those who wants a short and awesome story based Visual Novel. If it is on sale it is a must pick VN."
76561198127413361,Recommended,430960,28947606,Posted: 2 January,all,yumyumburrito,"I don't care who you are, you will cry."
76561198058916752,Recommended,430960,34084927,Posted: 7 August,all,imaginary92,"This is a wonderful visual novel. I discovered it because there was a Sci-Fi themed sale on Steam and I thought ""Why not? It doesn't cost much and the story sounds interesting.""I couldn't stop playing it until I found all endings. It moved me to tears several times, and it really brought me to think about the ethics of Artificial Intelligence. If we ever managed to create a being that is so much like the Lucy in the game...would we really call it just a ""thing""?I guess that question will go unanswered for a long time, but this VN really made me think. Thank you, very much, VizLab, for making it."
,Recommended,430960,34114017,Posted: 8 August,all,Yūki,"It was very heart-warming... It made me cry of manly tears. I delayed this VN for so long, and now I regret ever doing so.Do me a favor, BUY IT. Artwork is magnificant and the story is very touching.10/10, Give her the Eternity she wished for."
,Recommended,430960,25838565,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ATWP™,You developers sure know how to make people cry huh...11/10 - Game for Eternity
,Recommended,430960,26310450,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dazenlight,"Short visual novel but it's a good game, if you want feels, go right ahead, if you didn't get any feels, another game should do then."
,Recommended,430960,26053525,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,人殺し,"Quite a good visual novel. Despite the fact that its a bit short, still the experience i've got was good. Also its a bit confusing if you playing without guides. But still, its better to play without guide at first place.I'm still sad that the extras doesnt contains backsongs. It was really good tho.in my opinion, this game still worth to buy"
76561198071413946,Recommended,430960,30016237,Posted: 18 February,all,Madzia Gruchacz,"Some of us says we were all made by God. What are the androids fully invented by humans in their similarity?What distinguishes us from robots, which are the perfect copy of human being?Great novel with an deep and interesting storyline. Relating to problem, which we humans have, about the progress of civilization and artificial intelligence.What is so good in this game? First thing, which I really appreciate is that there are two points of view. We have the protagonist and his father, in reason of their tough relation we have wide field for reflection who's right. Personally I think they both have some good arguments explaining their behaviour, which makes the story interesting to read. There are also some funny moments through which characters really are likeable.Going to the art. It's good. Nothing more, nothing less.The thing which deserves a recognition besides the story is evidently the music. It always amazingly fits the situation. All of the tracks are well matched to the situation happening on the screen, which makes the game very moving.Summarizing.Personally I sincerely recommend this game due to deep, moving storyline. If you are a fan of visual novels you can't miss this title. It's really worth it's price.:)"
,Recommended,430960,26317068,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Boganforce,"Beautiful, the most heartwrenching and uplifting VN I've ever had the pleasure to read."
,Recommended,430960,32259045,Posted: 7 June,all,KaiZoegret,"The story was great. I initally got what I felt was the bad ending, and it was to a degree. The author of this VN managed to work a story that is not only linear, but ends with one of the best endings that I have seen in a VN. I literally cried just as much as I did when I played the Muv-Luv Trilogy. This game is worth a pickup for the price. It will touch your heart and bring on emotions only a story like this can.12/10 for a VN"
76561198274783751,Recommended,430960,28550364,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rookie,"This is the first visual novel  game that i play and i'm hooked! I'm trying to pace myself with this game because i want this new experience to last just a little longer.If you've never played a visual novel before give this one a chance and thank me latter.Get it, sit back, relax and enjoy the journey."
,Recommended,430960,25561486,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,i am trash,"Today I cried.The tears tasted salty, bitter, and sweet.I will remember, for eternity."
76561198131559774,Recommended,430960,24734584,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kotori Shirakawa,10/10I was practically crying when i went through this VN because of its storyline.Who knew a story about an Android could be so amazing but also so heartbraking at the same timeSo Worth It.
,Recommended,430960,29571032,Posted: 29 January,all,BakaOppai,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing master piece that has a story that exceeded my expectations as a visual novel, the heart felt end paired with excellent graphics is just so well done,"
76561198327901000,Recommended,430960,30304449,Posted: 3 March,all,Ghostfriendly,"This game has an adorable heroine, very well voice acted, a plot both thoughtful and heartbreaking, charming visuals. A decent range of choices and endings, with a dose of interesting moral ambiguity. Fans of 'Plastic Memories', 'Time of Eve' 'Chobits' and similar moe robot or magical girlfriend shows will love this, though the old story is thoughtful, fresh and distinctive throughout. If there is a weakness, the secondary characters seem rather 2D, as it were, compared to the main couple."
,Recommended,430960,34364026,Posted: 19 August,all,Noctus,Such a beutiful visual novel! ç_ç
,Recommended,430960,24687522,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ryūji,"Well, you can't find anything better than this. The only thing that I would like to change is the ending. Welp! ~ 99/10 (-1 because it made me cried). Otherwise, this is still a very nice game."
,Recommended,430960,24987798,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mattheus,"Loved it!I don't really know how to review so I'm just gonna say my own opinion on this game.The story certainly made me emotional. I'm glad that this game has more to it after finishing the main plot. Though the game wasn't that long (3+ hours to finish it I guess), I certainly enjoyed it. I wished there were more scenes where the main character spends more time with Lucy though, you know, like a slice of life kind of thing. The developers actually didn't want anyone to make a Let's Play of this (or at least a full walkthrough) and I understand why.Play this game alone (recommend not watching a Youtuber, it's cheap ;)) and at a good time for the best experience.Update: After I finished the game, I played more of it and apparantly there really is more to it and I'm glad I didn't stop playing this game. What remained really surprised me and it really made me go beyond satisfied. It was a heart warming experience, and I really felt emotional (which I'm not really the type to be). This game never failed to surprise me. It made be love the story even more!I'm glad I saw this game and bought it. It's a master piece for me since I don't really play a lot of VNs so thank you developers for this beautiful game.10/10I will always remember the name Lucy Valentine lol."
,Recommended,430960,33253032,Posted: 4 July,all,glebn2,"Right in the feels. Ow.But being serious, it's not just a vn, it's a masterpiece."
,Recommended,430960,32384559,Posted: 13 June,all,The Ex-Playa,"Beautiful. Just plain beautiful.There are no words to describe how truly amazing this visual novel is. I may have only played it for a short amount of time but damn this is so addicting. Out of every visual novel I've played thus far, this is by far the best one I've played. The story and setting is so compelling, the characters are so well developed, everything about this game is just 10/10. If you're looking for a good story to get into to kill time for a bit, then I definitely recommend this game. It's so good.(EDIT: Finally completed the entire game with all achievements and extras unlocked, and I must say: GET THIS GAME. IT'S SO WORTH IT.)This game offers beautiful art, extremely well-developed characters, and an amazing rich story for a very cheap price. For anyone who's looking to go into their first non-kinetic VN (the ending of the game depends on the choices the player makes throughout the course of the story) this is a great starter game.I bought this game thinking I'd just buy it for the sake of playing VN, but has now ended up becoming one of my favorite VNs in my entire Steam library. If you're someone who's willing to shell out a few bucks to buy a good game, get this one. You will NOT regret it.PROTIP:Get lots of tissues. You're going to need it where you're going aboard the feels train."
,Recommended,430960,26002358,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tahir_Ubuntu,If you're looking to buy a visual novel that will last you 4-6 hours longand could make you feel like crap when you finish it (not in a bad way)Lucy is a really good choice.I have to say though I can't remember the last time I cried like this10/10 would erase memories and replay just for ending plz.Edit: (minor spoiler) I just posted this review... HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I FINISHED THIS GAME ON 12TH OF OCTOBER WTF XD (12th of october is a big thing in this game)Now I'm sad again.
76561198078343422,Recommended,430960,21853243,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Hoshii Miki,Best Visual Novel Game 2016.Better than To the Moon.Thums up.
,Recommended,430960,22778551,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,exisero,"Admitting I seriously cried with this....is an understatement. Had to mop the floor from my own tears.This VN, I can clearly say it's one of the best I have ever read in my life. The feels, the tears, the sorrow, the joy...11/10 I would have a feels trip again."
,Recommended,430960,30797163,Posted: 28 March,all,anoneko,"A one of a kind experience.In a sense that you wouldn't want to go through this ever again, but it is certainly worth your time to experience it once.Beware, the bad ending is punishing enough.That said, I can't really figure what message the author wanted to convey.The recurring and cliche ""robots aren't human so don't treat them as such"" idea is weak because nobody even tries to explain and prove why exactly you should not do that. Instead the MC just gets punished by the author for not following this postulate blindly. This is not how you make a point.In fact it is the inhumane treating of the titular character by the antagonist that caused the drama. Besides the actions of said antagonist (if we dare call him so) are rather unrealistic and seem forced to speed up the abrupt climax of the story which could have been longer.With that in mind I still can't give this game a ""No"" in recommendation. Perhaps because I don't want to suffer alone?"
,Recommended,430960,21643370,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mog Knight,"In short, this visual novel is fantastic. It's been a long while where a VN could leave me in a state of reflection, and ""Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-"" hits it out of the park. The writing is really well done, and has a lot to comment on not only on a world where androids are common, but on humanity as well. When combined with an interesting cast dynamic, it makes for a great read. Even when it gets to the after stories, it's so amazing and rewarding since this VN does it in a way that I haven't seen before.If you're into science-fiction and the concept of androids, I highly recommend this VN. Heck, if you're just into VNs, I highly recommend this VN. You can never go wrong while spending time with a lovely girl like Lucy Valentine.9/10You can read my full, in-depth review here:https://kupowrites.wordpress.com/2016/03/05/lucy-the-eternity-she-wished-for-review"
76561198206472948,Not Recommended,430960,29928238,Posted: 14 February,all,InvincibleRodent,"I have to admit, I feel little but indifference over this story. I got it because I saw that the reviews overall were positive and the price was reasonable... and it was, in the technical sense, a very well-made game (lovely visuals, nice sound design, smooth running), but nothing groundbreaking, and nothing I would go out of my way to recommend to someone. It's overall a run-of-the-mill kind of experience, and while I enjoyed myself for the time being, had it cost any more than what it did, frankly, I would be quite disappointed.For pros, the art is quite beautiful (although clearly drawn in at least three distinct styles), the music is atmospheric, and the writing is, even at its weakest, no worse than mediocre... but I've got to say, it didn't leave me wanting to go back and explore the other options, and I'm not sure if I'll remember the details in, let's say, a week's time.As for cons, the plot is pretty predictable if you've ever read anything similar. The main character wasn't charming or relatable, and not even the hollow shell these protagonists tend to be- in fact he was quite unpleasant, and purposefully choosing the nicest dialogue options didn't seem to change that. (And I also kind of lament the fact that he is a HE, but that's not really a complaint, it would have however been a nice touch to have the option to play as a woman.) The father character was almost cartoonishly evil, and I found myself struggling not only to empathize with him, but also to take him seriously, and Lucy... Well, Lucy is an enigma, somehow managing to be both charming, and mildly insulting.Simply put, she struck me as a cookie-cutter ""yamato nadeshiko"" character; a bit of an immature fantasy, but compared to the rest of the cast, quite pleasant in her own way. I was more bothered by how basically every line of dialogue concerning her dealt with every character blatantly objectifying her, and while she IS in the technical sense a literal object, with the game continuously giving us cues to think of her as a person, and giving us a fully (and well!) voiced character and the inserted vignettes about her creation, and in the end, showing us her irrational, devotion... it gains this icky, casually misogyniystic overtone... which would be fine to talk about and discuss, but with the framing of it all, I don't think the game realizes that that is one of the issues it tackles, rather it's just, alarmingly enough, a part of it.For a casual afternoon's read, it's fine, and worth its price- but, if you're very into either sci-fi or drama, this game will probably leave you disappointed.(I quite liked the ending I got though, it was pretty unexpected with its cold turkey way of handling loss. It was interesting, if alienating, although I really don't much feel like going back for more.)"
,Recommended,430960,31026923,Posted: 8 April,all,サルタリアン,"I wondered if a korean VN can be any good, but as soon as I saw an option to switch jap\korean language - now without any embarassment, I can say that this is a masterpiece...Story, graphics, music, the sound of the Japanese actress, who gave her voice to Lucy - everything it amazing.The feeling I had experianced through this story are uncomperrable...There are a few things tho - choices here are generally pointless, but nevertheless, everything else is really good.Ofc, it was created after watching Chobits, I guess, but isn`t that a great theme for creation?Recommended for every VN fan.ありがとう、リュシ"
,Recommended,430960,34359219,Posted: 19 August,all,Shiroe,"Wow this game... initially I wasn't sure if I was going to enjoy it. I wasn't able to really connect myself with the main character, rather I even despised him from how he treated Lucy. But I took a step back from the usual ""You are the main character"" and I treated the story as though I was simply watching this story unfold instead of being a part of it, and with that simple change of perspective I plowed forward.Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For- is the only game I ever went to proactively get 100% of achievements for. Steam doesn't have achievements for the game, however the achievements that are already built INTO the game are what I am referring to. I became deeply invested in the story. I had a simultaneous sucker punch of emotions as well as an existential crisis from the philosophical concepts regarding androids becoming more human-like. The writing in this is superb, and I actually cried twice during the entirety of the story. It's powerful, it's potent, and I really need to read more visual novels. So good.Now hold up, that playtime is rather short isn't it?Yes, it is. I read quickly, I know that quite well, but even then, the story doesn't add filler situations and keeps everything bundled nicely for a story that feels fully wrapped, as well as an experience of its own. Especially considering it was on sale for 5$ when I bought it, I paid 1$ an hour for the entertainment this game provided. Movie tickets can be upward of 5$ an hour, so I feel like my time and money was well invested. There was love put into the design of this game. And it shows.Do I recommend this game?If you haven't figured out from the praise I've been dropping on it, or the blue thumbs up, absolutely yes. While I do personally think I would pay the full price of this because of how amazing it was, getting it at half off is certainly more attractive to people. Get it. If you are capable of emotions, buy this now and experience it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,430960,24706607,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,「Hatred」,STOP ROBOT ABUSE
76561198065939048,Recommended,430960,22246366,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The N.E.E.T Detective,"9/10 Great story, great price, and super sound track. My only complaint might be some of the sounds were bothering to me, but thats a personal issue for me probably. I personally say this is a great game to get a good bang for your buck by sitting down and playing through a well developed story."
76561198122372365,Recommended,430960,22806210,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Shedar,"Amazing story about love, loyalty, pure heart, meaning of the life. I slowly read and listen the game and music and it took about 12h for me. Music is amazing. Will play more sometimes"
76561198043600448,Recommended,430960,22785022,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Penazu,"Blade Runner meets Clannad. The writing isn't anything to write home about at start, and the viewpoint character seems like a total unlikeable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but give it time. It gets better when the story progresses and the ending is simply amazing. I hope a lot of people will buy this game and give it the chance it deserves, it was truly one of the most pleasant surprises of the last few years."
,Recommended,430960,24862512,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nakedneko,"This game broke my heart with that ending, it healed eventually and then got shattered again with the true ending.As long as I got the true ending, I will not go for the other ending just to get the achivement, my heart has been broken many times. I refuse to get it broken one more time.If Lucy was real, I would marry her <3333"
76561198080649769,Recommended,430960,25077953,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Salzstaffel,"I got the game in the last summer sale, but tbh I guess I'd have paid the 10€ too.The story is well made and leads to some reflecting thoughts about our actual society while playing, it doesn't feel out of place or like anything with too much sci-fi, just right, maybe a biiiit short (played through everything in ~10hrs).The general background-music is pretty good in just floating there without being annoying. Sadly it's only one voiced character (Lucy, the main... thing), but thats also alright, I feel no need for a voice of the other persons that appear while playing. The voice for Lucy is great, like expected from anything a japanese voice actor did (played it with japanese voice, korean is also available).About the Graphics: I really liked the design of our beloved android Lucy (and the other characters), they have a few different expressions/poses etc., but I'd have loved to see Lucy in some other clothes (or with less... nvm. let's go with 'other' clothes.), same for the other ones, but it's not much of a bother. The background pictures were also fine but again, a bit more of a different scenery would add some diversity. It's fine how it is, it wouldn't hurt to have some more places tho (imo).Also the decisions in the mid-story apparently do have more or less of an influence about endings, as I found at least 3 different ones (the guide somewhere talks about 2, dunno maybe I did magic whatever but I got one a bit different from the 2 described there). If you just played it once make sure to check those guides or try a bit so you see the other endings/Extras, you'd miss a bit part of the game if you ignore them.few +-:+ Graphics/Design+ Voice actor of Lucy+ Different endings (satisfying imo)+ Background-music+ Price (got it on sale tho)+ Story. imo not long enough but really good.+ questions some views of society in general- Diversity of Graphics (Clothes/Places)- just a small -, story could be longer- skip function stops with a new day- PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD THE 3 LAWS OF ROBOTICS MAKE THEM SKIPPABLE (u'll understand once played)- make sure to save regulary, the game crashed once (just once, might have been a problem out of the game with my pc too, no idea), and all progress till then was lost, an auto-save-slot might be a good idea here.I'd give the game somewhat of a 90/100, some minor flaws here and there but absolutely recommended, great game, please make a 2nd part and give me an android. For... general research purposes."
76561198019839359,Recommended,430960,21602467,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rookie (ZOE),"This...  truly touched my heart deeply...  While it is somewhat ""short"", it truly was emotional all the same...  Emotional enough to make me cry... SO very much at the ending part...  I've never cried that much since Aeris' death in FF VII, being completely honestly here as I always... and I mean ALWAYS...  cry my eyes out during that part, even during the Jenova boss fight that follows, not even CLOSE to kidding here, THAT'S how much I cried.  TT_TT    All in all a truly beautiful story that definitely deserves a 30/10, right close to my heart, loved it so very much...    I really love this shining gem so very much, I truly do...  (and i'd cry so much again if I saw that sad scene again, I really would... TT )"
,Recommended,430960,23602308,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,kierant1997,"I'm not very experienced in VN's so this is one of my first. While there aren't loads of choices they aren't the main part of this VN.The story is actually very moving, it discusses big issues that could become relavent in the near future. The voice acting is good and the dialogue is thought through carefully. Thankfully the art is just as good, the drawings are lovely, Lucy herself is attractive but not stupidly eccentuated or made to look as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as possible.All in all I really enjoyed this as it's a nice break from my normal busy shooters or statergy games."
,Recommended,430960,25892876,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hark,"If you replace all the parts of an object one at a time, at what point does it cease to be that object?Does it ever stop being that object? If so, what happens to the original? If not, what would the old pieces form?What is there to stop a computer from emulating all the neural impulses that form our thoughts and memories?Would resulting intelligence be self-aware, or just an indistinguishable fake?What differentiates an indistinguishable fake from the real thing?Something tangible? Intangible? If no-one can tell the difference, does it even matter?Lucy is a visual novel that differs from others in that it chooses to delve deeper into some of the moral, ethical, and philosophical issues that would arise from the existence of Artificial Intelligence, rather than the scenario or events surrounding it. The story is focused around a high school student who finds an advanced android discarded in a junkyard, his changing thought process, and the conflicts he faces with his beliefs, emotions, and family upon deciding to take it in.What made this novel stand out to me is that I felt it was something that encourages the player to form, challenge, or change their opinions and beliefs on issues that are surprisingly relevant to what technology will achieve in our lifetime. Even if these are things you have never considered before, Lucy is far more thought-provoking of an experience than simply going along for the ride with the average book or movie.The music and voice-acting I found to be both very relaxing, and while not as long as something like Fate/stay night, Lucy felt like the perfect length for what it had to offer, and not once could I say it felt like the story was dragging out or full of unnecessary filler. For most people who play these sorts of games I imagine you could complete the game in around three or four sittings, but even if you take a more casual approach Lucy is not something that needs to be rushed. Take your time and enjoy what it has to offer; hopefully you can enjoy the story to its fullest and give this game the appreciation it deserves.I would buy this game again in a heartbeat, and I hope I've convinced you to give it a chance too. You won't be sorry you did."
,Recommended,430960,21595419,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Magicflier,"The story about a boy who finds an abandoned robot in a futuristic society, where robots are the norm. The boy hates the constant changes of society, where digital technology are more frequently used these days, and hiring robots to take over job positions are becoming a trend. ""An imitation should remain as an imitation"" of the real thing, as the saying goes... It's a heartbreaking and heartwarming story.Having read Planetarian, I was glad to have read this as well. It was satisfying.  ;w;Enjoyment: 8.5/10Characters: 7.5/10Soundtrack: 8/10Personal visual novel score: 8.1/10https://vndb.org/u40815"
76561198063096786,Recommended,430960,24417073,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Blame Canada,"I now know how many minutes there are in 18 years because of this game.Okay, after trying to rewrite this review at least 12 times to give this game some justice, I think now I am able to put my feelings into words. I am satisfied, I am relieved, I am happy. Providing you experience the true ending, you will feel just that way. If you are lucky enough to play through the game blind and still experience the true ending on the first run like me, you will cry. In a matter of seconds after crying frantically at what I thought was the ending, the true ending made me cry even harder, but tears of joy instead of despair. This game wants you to believe you know everything by the end, but in reality, you don't. This game is art, a Michal Angelo, A Pablo Picasso, A Shakespearean Comedy, a....... masterpiece. Best thing 10 dollars can buy, so please do get it, and experience the true ending."
,Recommended,430960,24969536,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GethReddin,"Okay I just ""finished"" one of the endings but not going to review it for sakes of spoilers and etc. But this was worth the money and time spent in the game.I balled my eyes out the last scenes of the vn and I will probaly play it again just to get the rest of the endings anyways Not at in depth review but I loved this and will reccomend it to anyone that likes Visual Novels and anyone in general honestly. I will not be the same after this lol maybe I will but the memories are still there not going to lie I cried like a little child spilling milk and etc get it if you want a good story and better ending."
76561198059748323,Recommended,430960,25951422,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RAMO,Everything about tha game was just beautiful. I wish it would have been longer and have more different choices to make. But overall it was an amazing experience. ( loved the ending btw. )
76561198048951657,Recommended,430960,27461658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leo Oliveira,"*It's sad, say it's sad* because it is sort of a spoiler but being sad it's what make this game interesting.Absolutely recommend this. This was my first South Korean VN purchase and I really enjoyed it. Will certainly buy more from this developer in the future."
,Recommended,430960,30933758,Posted: 3 April,all,EternityIsNow,"The game opens up with pretty much your average Visual Novel: you're a teenage boy in high school that doesn't really get along with his father, and he has a rich best friend that doesn't really act all that rich.Welcome to every visual novel ever.The thing aboutLucy -The Eternity She Wished For-is that it really does its job better than most other VNs, to a point of where you'll remember it for a long time to come.---------------------------------------------------------------+ Great, extensive Voice Over+ Amazing Soundtrack+ Memorable Lead Character+ Very Well-Written Storyline+ Extensive After-The-Story Extras+Seems to Work Great on PC--No Complaints+Slightly Annoying Sound Effects, at Times.- The Game Might not Start in Your Native Language- Misleading Tags (Isn't Really CYOA, and Only Has 2(?) Endings)- (Most) Choices Don't Really Mean Much in the Long Run---------------------------------------------------------------Sound: 9/10- Soundtrack: 10- Voice Over: 10- Sound Effects: 8Story: 9/10- Characters: 10- Pacing: 9- Post-Game Content: 10Performance: 10/10---------------------------------------------------------------Overall: one of the best VNs on steam, in my opinion. 9/10.---------------------------------------------------------------The Sound: 9/10One thing that immediately stood out to me was the sound. The game doesn't only have a VO, it actually has two different VOs in two different languages. That stood out to me. (I played with the Japanese VO, and it was very well done). Add on to this the various sound effects that were only slightly grating (looking at you: washing machine), and I think that it hit the nail on the head pretty well. 8/10 in Sound Effects, and 10/10 in VO.The Soundtrack is beyond excellent. Not too many games make me wish that they came with the soundtrack/had it available to purchase, but this one definitely did. 10/10 in that regard.The Story: 9/10The story for this game is incredibly well-written. It plays out at a fairly good pace (I found the ending slightly rushed, but not unbelievably so), and the romantic/""d'awww"" moments are aplenty.Lucy, our main character, is incredibly likable. Innocence is often overplayed in android-based storylines, but it was handled well by the writers. I can't commend them enough.I will point out, however,the game doesn't have more than one good ending. It has one bad ending, and one good ending, which (correct me if I'm wrong) hangs on only a single choice. The rest of the choices in the game (which are quite a few) are simply for comedy's/role-playing sake. That's not to say it's a bad game, it just is very misguided in representation by the community with the tags.One of the main reasons why I give the story a 9/10 is the post-game content. After theincredibly sad, heart-breakingending, you get a few pieces of ""what happens after"", as well as some lore found in the Extras menu. All of this is done in really good taste, and I think I spent about an hour going through these (much to next-day-me's dismay, as I finished this one at 2am).NOTE: the what-happens-after content is pretty lore-heavy (as much lore as can be in a 4-hour VN experience, anyway).The PerformanceI'd give this one a straight 10/10. No problems on Windows 10, nothing to complain about, here."
,Recommended,430960,25884415,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Graum,"Would I recommend? YES! A thousand times over!Clannad brought out my first sad tears, and Lucy has brought out my first happy tears!This story was incredibly well written and executed. There really isnt anything for me to point out that is negative...Well except one thing which I will mention simply because it has been bugging me for a long time now... Why do we get to input a name but it is immediately discarded? It was a very useless part of the VN as we get called Master from then on.Apart from that one gripe, I have nothing more to say about this. I don't want to cause spoilers so I will leave this with just a thumbs up!"
76561198082302133,Recommended,430960,27707084,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Global Thermonuclear War,"A great, well-written game that is going to give that will leave the player with a strong impression, and may get some thinking about the future where scenarios similar to those experienced by the MC will occur. Also made me tear up at the end. While somewhat short, I believe it to be certainly worth the money, especially if on sale.9/10"
,Recommended,430960,30998991,Posted: 7 April,all,Yukouchi,"From someone who has played this game all i can say is it never fails to do it's job. You'll experience a huge amount of thrill on this one like most novels do. This is one of the best masterpiece out there and will remain as a masterpiece as time goes on. This visual novel shows us the harsh reality that awaits us once we leave our shelter or source of protection.Everything is very detailed, It is easy to understand and tell wether what's going to happen next. It is sometimes unpredictable and shocking. This is one rollercoaster of emotions. I don't know what to feel since it makes me happy and sad after a while.-This visual novel might become a reality someday due to the fact that technology is improving at a really fast rate only time will tell.Trust me this is worth paying for. It'll never fail to satisfy you.Pros:-Beautiful Scenes-Good artwork-Cute androids-Unpredictable-The game is well made-A very long gameplayCons:-I am not satisfied i need more ;-;Overall if i have to rate between 1-100, It's a 200/100 rating.I don't know which side to take hahaAndroids or Humans?Only one way to find outSo.. what are you waiting for?Go ahead and buy it! :)"
76561198072927071,Recommended,430960,29708384,Posted: 4 February,all,Euphorical,"This is my first time writing a review, so don't expect a full review of the game that encompasses every aspect of it. I will share what I know with you guys (not including any spoilers), and the rest of you can take it as you will.Now, let's get straight to it. I'll go through a few aspects of the game, and rate each accordingly to my opinion and preference, since this game has it's ups and downs, much like any other game out there.Writing (7/10)Most of the writings and dialogues done in the game is well-constructed and has a way of pulling you into the story, and make you feel like you are the protagonist in a real-situation instead of just in a game, since the situation can be very relatable. That being said, there are some parts where it could be better in terms of the writing, but not too bad that I would call it a ""sloppy work"". There are also parts of the writing what I would call unnecessary. Sometimes, the game tries to describe a situation too much, to the point that you feel it is not necessary to have that particular info. Other than those that I have touched, overall the writing serves it purpose in being able to pull the reader into the story. And, oh, one more thing, there are a few typos, but not a big deal, but since it is a game played by 1,000++ people, one would expect such mistakes shouldn't even be there.Atmosphere (8/10)The sound effects, visuals, and voice-acting was up to par. I was particularly impressed with the voice acting. They were really well done, in both Korean and Japanese. I'm not sure about the pronunciation and the technical stuff of the languages, but the emotions and feelings weaved into those  dialogues of Lucy was really well done. The sound effects are also impressive, although there is an issue. From what I noticed, the sounds (continuos sounds, played on a loop) are designed to fade out when needed. However, there are a few situations where it is better suited for the sound to end abruptly, rather than fading out (i.e knocking on doors). As for the visuals, the details of images was well done, but it would be better if the images change to fit the writings. For example, an image of the kitchen. When the writings described food being placed on the table, I would expect that the empty table in the kithen image would change with food being on it. But, alas, it is to be desired. Not a negative issue, but I think it would be an immersive improvement.Story and Plot (8/10)And here is the hard part. It's kinda hard to write this section without touching on any spoilers, so I'll be brief and to-the-point with this. The story has it's moments. There are times when you feel like you wanna punch someone, times that you wanna reach for that box of tissues, and times where you just wanna go ""Awwwww..."". And I feel that these situations were well engineered, so to speak. They fit the narrative pretty well, without feeling awkward or out of place. However, the choices in the game are a bit of a let down for me. They offer not much else than getting an achievement and maybe getting a few extra dialogues. And then there are choices that is just plain ridiculous. I feel more thought can be put into the choices, to make it feel more realistic and immersive.Overall (8/10)It is a pretty ride, with situations riddled with multiple emotions, or even just one emotion multiplied in intensity. One of the good VN's I've played. If you are searching for a laid-back game where you can just sit back and immerse in in without much effort, then I recommend this game to you. I feel players don't even play VN's should try it. For me, it acts as a good example on a good and well-made VN, with a few kinks here and there."
,Recommended,430960,23788362,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rune,"This was a surprisingly impressive Visual Novel considering that it doesn't appear to have been written for English as a first language.  There are voice actors for Korean and Japanese as well as English text.  That being said, the English writing isn't nearly bad enough to dissuade someone from reading the story; it was clearly translated and flowed well.The characters were interesting in the sense that all were pretty evidently flawed, some more than others.  This game is a massive Tearjerker / Heartwarming moment depending on how far in you play, and it will resonate with you for some time after you complete it.  This game questions what it means to be human, and what is and isn't real, amongst many other concepts that will keep you thinking for some time.The play of the game is pretty solid; the interface was simple and the choices, while not having much of an impact at all, still have interesting comedic moments as well as unlocking scenes.  The free bonus content as well as theTrue Endingare devastating emotional rollercoasters that kept me on the edge of my seat.  This visual novel certainly does not fail in making you legitimately feel.  At roughly seven hours of content, depending on your reading speedThe soundtrack is pretty nice; there are quite a few tracks that stuck out to me.  That being said, there are also some moments of silence that I didn't really like.  The art is fascinating as well; it isn't a stretch to label it ""anime"" at all, but that's definitely not a point against it.  For such a short game, there are quite a few CGs and they are both appropriate and well drawn.The plot was one of the strongest points of the visual novel; most of it is light and cheerful, with appropriate levels of comedy both light and sultry.  It slowly paces towards an inevitable conclusion; you can feel the climax coming and foreshadowing hints at it, but you're still in denial up until it actually happens, and then you realize it isn't over, because the game has three different bonuses to share with you that round off the story more resolutely than anything possible.  If anything, the bonus content""Reunion""surpasses the tearjerker quality of everything that comes before and after it.This visual novel will make you feel throughout and think after it, succeeding perfectly in being an engaging and thoughtful play.  Entirely worth the purchase."
76561198070121587,Recommended,430960,26326680,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Chaz,"A brilliant Visual Novel, with interesting dialogue in every option, definitely worth going back and reading every single possible response in the game.Picked up when it was in the steam sale but would definitely recommend at full price, for £7 there is a lot of content, my time played is not reflective of that as I steam through these rather quickly, the reviews already speak for themselves, definitely worth a pick up"
,Recommended,430960,27751567,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✮ Pixy ✮,"Let me start off saying I don't play a lot of visual novels so I'm no expertI bought this game expecting something pretty decent. I came out with something memorable.I felt emotions ranging from really ♥♥♥♥ing sad to happiness and joy, at the same time.I questioned the moral dilemas the story brought up, and asked myself what makes us natural, and not artificial, and if that even matters.I wondered if what the protagonist was doing is right; is the protagonist even credible?This game will crush you emotionally, and then somehow rebuild it and make you feel happy and satisfied.I'm not promisingLucy -The Eternity She Wished For-will make you cry, because I sure didn't, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't moved.I genuinely enjoyed experiencing this story, and if you're interested in the premise of the novel, then I don't see why you shouldn't buy this game. Especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,430960,28668377,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JYS,God Visual & InterfaceGod Voice & MusicGod StoryGod EndingGod Lucy=God Game
76561198133732757,Recommended,430960,21913893,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Robbv2,"I was hoping this novel would be able to make me cry, and so, with tears in my eyes, I would like to highly recommend this novel."
76561198080005736,Recommended,430960,29212415,Posted: 12 January,all,Dragonfly,"*Lucy used adorable ramblings. It was super effective. Defeat. You fall in love with Lucy, and The Eternity She Wished For.*Update.I cried. Lucy will never give your heart a break."
,Recommended,430960,22701983,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,榊 由美子,i won't make a long comment here10/10 and worthy better than you buying your korean drama there
,Recommended,430960,29167957,Posted: 10 January,all,Cookies,"Even the trailer made me tearful.I have played many visual novels, especially those crying stories, and the plot of this story did not surprise me much, but I have to admit that I cried for two times in this relatively short visual novel,not when Lucy died (because I already cried for that scene inPlanetarian), but in the true ending when... , and in the extra when the father... you know. I do not include the details here because I know some people will read the spoiler even though they have not bought the game yet :/I don't know if it was the story, the words, the images, or the soundtrack that really impacted me, but I would say everything in this game is quite good.Reminded me of so many bittersweet things in my life.Still, there is something missing from the story.Since the three Laws of Robotics were repeated so many times, initially I thought that Lucy is going to die because of the laws, such as saving a person from harm to avoid violating the first law (which is also boring, but that is the idea), but the way that Lucy died is just too unsurprising.Even though, now I understand why this game has an overwhelmingly positive review, and I am adding one more, if other reviews have not persuaded you to buy this yet."
,Recommended,430960,34523708,Posted: 27 August,all,Hotaru.Kuro,This game is bad for my heart... dont play this game if you are emotional or a crybaby tho.
,Recommended,430960,24308978,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,『Keith』,"This game isn't like any other visual novel you would expect. This visual novel has an amazing character development, overall plotline and is emotionally powerful. The story and drama is well executed and I definitely would give this novel a go to anyone interested in the Visual Novel genre"
76561197971178279,Recommended,430960,28360500,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SweetTimeGamer,"It was a great VN experience. The beginning is kinda cliche but later on the story gets very interesting. The art is quite decent. The music is superb, sometimes it gets goofy and at times it gets very emotional and heartwrenching. I must also say that  Lucy's voice acting in korean version is superb.  I would love to hear some asmr with her .There are basically two endings but once you get the true/good ending you can unlock two more side stories which will give you somewhat complete story ( still it made me wantng more)Overally suprisingly good experience as I've been longing for a decent vn since planetarian and everlasting summer. Would laugh and cry with Lucy again.Oh and the protagonist's father is a monumental jerkwad."
,Recommended,430960,28581323,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Saishu,"Well playing it one time through realizing I probably got the ♥♥♥♥♥iest ending possible because NOTHING WENT RIGHT, AND NOTHING EVEN IN THE LITTLE EXTRAS WAS OK. Still a beautiful game though. Going to try for other endings cause there can't be anything worse than that.Cried a lot when the greatest and most inoccent thing got ♥♥♥♥ING ROASTED.Anyways this game really does bring a great train of thought and contemplation of what the back of your mind might think, but also the question of are 'Humans' really better than other things, and if so what is classifiscal of humans. The jokes in this game are slightly blaneded, but in all honesty its what the deep though provacation really brings this game out to me. If I still could give this game a reward, it'd be ""The tears for thought"" award because if you play it you know why."
,Recommended,430960,29292272,Posted: 16 January,all,-Zod-,"This is such a beautiful story, one of the best I've read/seen in a long time.. I would have never guessed I would find a story on steam that was so rich in philosophy, a story that sparked my mind in a manner like when I studied Plato, Aristotle, or any of the other philosophers of old.This story is so creatively written that at times I would even be questioning my own views. The past, present, future... all of it up for debate, none of it truly certain.The past has been set in stone, the present is being written, and the future has yet to be moulded.. and yet we see the questions of a man like Socrates, ancient though he may be, with the burning curiosity that cannot be quenched even to this day.Who am I? what makes up me? what is my purpose in life? will my name survive the test of time?...Lucy brings more to the table than I could have ever imagined. I almost feel as though I cheated the creator(s) of this VN out of money they deserved. $10 is more than reasonable.. and I even got it on sale!I give this game a 10/10"
76561198302099923,Not Recommended,430960,34463454,Posted: 24 August,all,lmulari,"I had been reading reviews of “Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For” and since they were overwhelmingly positive, I figured that this game could even rival one of my favourite visual novels on Steam, Eden* and ended up buying Lucy on sale.How wrong I was. This game is not even close to Eden.*If you start reading this review, please note I will brutally tell why this game is not as good as the reviews on Steam will tell. The game is not completely rubbish and I will tell you why also. No spoilers, so if you for some reason want to have a differing opinion from all the praise this visual novel has received on Steam, before playing or buying the game, look no further. Please note this is just my opinion and if you played the game and actually enjoyed it, good for you. People enjoy different things and it's okay to like them, even if some people don't share your opinion and taste.Well, one of problems was that there was no actual plot in the game. The protagonist finds Lucy on junkyard, takes her home and  as expectetly, starts bonding with her. There is some drama with protagonist’s father as he hates robots, but there’s nothing happening in the game until the very end.Now, I get where they were going for. The main part of the game is about everyday life of Lucy and the protagonist. Just chatting, bickering and bonding, the main purpose being getting the player to know the characters.  AND BOOM! Then there is the emotional end of the game where you are supposed to be reaching for your tissues and cry sad tears. If you have played games like Clannad and Planetarian, and to some extent Eden, these games’ purpose is to make you care about the characters and then hit you with the feels on the very end. But this is where ""Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For” fails, as the writing is pretty horrible. The writing is very stiff and to the point, imagine a starting fan fiction writer (not to belittle fanfiction, I read fanfiction, most of those being better writen than this). I didn’t end up caring at all for the characters so the supposed emotional end didn’t resonate with me at all and left me only mildly interested.There is some kind of philosophical discussion about if the robots’ emotions are genuine or not and blaa blaa. But they just scratch the surface. Well to be honest, I don’t think this game would have found anything new to say about the subject what other games, movies, books etc. have not said before.However, I didn’t hate everything about the writing. In the very end, there was pretty good writing.I mean the Old Man’s memories, and funnily enough that’s mainly about the protagonist’s father, not Lucy.But that’s not enough. You cannot have below-average writing almost through the whole game and expect that the ending will fix that.The visuals are pretty decent and Lucy herself looks nice. I wish they had paid same kind of details to other characters models as well, as some of them look very out of place. The Korean voice actress of Lucy does a good job bringing her to life, props to her. There’s no other voice acting in the game.So to summarize my review, the writing of the game is simply not good enough. If you don’t mind weak writing and want to have some feels, go ahead and buy it. To everyone else I recommend buying something else. You don’t necessarily even have to pay as there is better written visual novels on Steam that are actually free. I don’t understand how this game has received such a positive reception, but I guess a mediocre writing in visual novels is okay as long as there is sad things happening to a pretty girl."
76561197989974287,Not Recommended,430960,32604842,Posted: 20 June,all,Murasaki,"I'm going to go against the ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews here and say that I didn't like ""Lucy,"" and couldn't even stick with it for more than a half hour or so. The art is lovely and the music is thematic and relatively unobtrustive (though honestly a little boring). There are really just two huge reasons I decided this game wasn't worth my time:1) Cliche tropey agonizingly Aspy protagonist. The narrative voice is extremely important for a novel, and this guy can't do a single thing, from opening the door to taking a step, without going through a minor anxiety attack about whether to start with his left foot or his right foot. I actually put this game down in the middle of the most important set-up scene of the game because I gave up waiting for the narrator to GET TO THE F*KING POINT AND DO SOMETHING. I'm bored to tears of indecisive mute protagonists that don't answer when people ask them questions, don't speak when normal humans should, and have panic attacks when they have to decide whether to sit on the chair or the sofa. This archetype makes narratives drag, and it falsely paints a picture of a rich internal emotional monologue. Hot tip: to be rich, internal monologues have to be INTERESTING.2) I guessed pretty much the entire plot of the story from the title and the first 15 minutes of the game. Maybe if you're a teen who somehow hasn't ever read a story about ""golly cute AI girls are real peoples!"" in their entire life, somehow, this story will be really original and unexpected. I checked the wiki. Nope, I didn't get anything wrong.I'm not recommending this game. Not because it's qualitatively ""bad,"" I'm just not recommending the experience. There are a gazillion games, visual novels, and stories on this topic that are more original, interesting, and better told. (Try ""Analogue: A Love Story,"" here on Steam, for example.) There's really nothing new or special going on here, just another horny introverted teenage boy + girlbot fantasy. (Hey, ever notice the girls don't have fantasies about eternally pubescent, naive, submissive male-styled robots? Thanks Asian gender norms!)"
76561198050613992,Not Recommended,430960,26561774,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jesse Lalonde,"""Shocked and humiliated, I can no longer calm my fiery soul.""Imagine I, Robot with an immature, whiny teenage protagonist, and a sweet, but ditsy, scantily-clad slave-bot and you have a pretty good idea about what you're getting yourself into.I bought this game after reading the overwhelming positive reviews that boasted about an emotional storyline, but after two+ hours into all I can do is roll my eyes and guffaw at almost every line I read.I don't think I'd mind the protagonist as much if he was presented as 'Johnny the whiny teenager' who learns the value of androids through his lovable companion, Lucy. But the protagonist is ""You."" And if they're going to say that I am the protagonist in this story it would sure be nice to have some more say in how 'I' interact with the world around me instead of being dragged along by a dolt with an exposition complex."
76561198258923725,Recommended,430960,29778152,Posted: 8 February,all,Tiger Witch,I'm not sure if Plastic Memories is sadder or this. I read Planetarian before and it was great too but this ... it loves to toy my emotion alot.
,Recommended,430960,24728990,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MellowJello,"I thought it'd be terrible, corny, or outright groan-worthy like many Japanese VNs.  Surprisingly Korean (I recommend the Korean dub too), I got an excellent story that kept me hooked all the way to the end."
,Recommended,430960,29666545,Posted: 3 February,all,Hifumi ♦[School],Too Much Feels :'(Best VN in my Life
,Recommended,430960,25210745,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Playbahnosh,"Chobits - The Visual NovelWell, not really, but Lucy is as close as it gets. (If you don't know what Chobits is, find outHERE) The game doesn't even try to hide it's influences, what with displaying Asimov's three Laws of Robotics full-screen between chapters. There is also a strong hint of Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥in the mix, with the ultimately shorter but hard-hitting storytelling and blatant disregard for rules, touching on some pretty sensitive topics. If you gonna make a sci-fi visual novel based on androids, these are just about the best sources to go to. Well done!Let's get the obvious out of the way first: The art is great, the design and the grapics are all superb! The only voiced character is Lucy, but the VO actors did a great job with it (both Korean and Japanese versions). The music and sound is meh, it does it's job of keeping up the atmosphere pretty well, but I won't be getting the OST. The VN is bit on the short side, but it's packed with story and the extras will keep you going hours after you finish the main game! Considering the fact this was made essentially by three people, it's a huge accomplishment, kudos!Now for the hard one: The story resembles Chobits very closely, but the direction from which they approach the whole topic is a bit different. The basic premise is the same: oblivious high-school dude finds a completely intact android girl thrown to the trash, he lugs her home, turns her on, after a while she turns out to be very special, etc. But unlike Chobits, there is less fun hijinks and way more moralizing in Lucy. That is not to say Lucy doesn't have fun moments, because it does, but it's way less prominent and the VN turns into a drama drenched in heavy philosophizing pretty damn fast. Lucy kinda deals with the same subject matter too, android addiction, their role in society, do they have feelings and whether or not a sentient machine can be considered a person or not...or even sentient. And if so, what does that make us, humans? And if we accept them into our society, how could we deal with the fact of losing our position as the apex of life on this planet? Since androids are essentially immortal and are better than us in every conceivable way, could we really let them lose on the planet to do as they please? What would happen when they realize that WE are the inferior species? Could we really deal with the pupils surpassing the masters, or do we intentionally stifle technological progress to save our superiority?It's true this game, as many other works of sci-fi that deal with the same topic, raises way more questions than it answers. But that's just how a good sci-fi should be! I'm sure anyone receptive to story at hand and sci-fi in general will have a field day with this VN, and might even take away something lasting from this experience."
76561198301045314,Recommended,430960,23304846,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RPCV Cabo Verde,"A masterpiece that falls just short of perfection.  ""Lucy"" has the highest production values that I have ever seen in a visual novel.  I highly recommend reading ""Lucy"" on a brightscreen display or laptop.  The artwork was fabulous.  The story was of greater sophistication and depth than I have ever seen in any other visual novel.  The background music was perfect for the scenes.  I was not annoyed at the scenes always ending with ""The Three Laws of Robotics.""  I, personally, would add a fourth law:  ""All androids must prevent unauthorized access to programming by fleeing if possible, and, if not possible, by a series of escalating, pre-programmed defense mechanisms.""  ""Lucy"" presents some uncomfortable truths about human beings.  Lucy herself, because she was programmed by a visionary genius, is so pure, innocent, and full of good will toward everyone that she makes a better ""person"" than any actual human being.I mentioned that this visual novel falls just short of perfection.  The reason why is that the future depicted in ""Lucy"" will never actually happen.  Androids will never be made available for purchase to the public or even large corporations.  Governments around the world will be so afraid that terrorists will hack into androids and reprogram them to carry out assassinations and mass bombings that only government entities and a few government-approved research labs will be allowed to own androids.  Androids will have extreme security mechanisms built in, including self-destruct.  That said, I think ""Lucy"" is correct that androids will be used in caring for the elderly in the future.  I dread the thought of military use of androids -- except clearing land mines.""Lucy"" is worth every penny of the full purchase price.  This is a ""don't miss"" and a sure candidate for top ten visual novel lists.  I was certainly not expecting anything this thoughtful -- and emotional.One nitpick:  I wish that there had been a scene inside Dr. Gears’ house.  Perhaps everyone sitting around a table discussing what political changes would be necessary in the future to avoid a dystopia in which the people who own the robots and androids would own the entire planet and everyone else would be dispossessed, destitute, and desperate.  Robots and androids could create a utopia for everyone, or they could create a hell for almost everyone.  Given current political trends, my money is on hell.I read this entire visual novel on an off-line laptop.  The playing time didn't show when I connected via an ethernet cable (no wireless in my house) to update Steam."
,Recommended,430960,32401397,Posted: 13 June,all,Solar,"absolutely amazing game, I went through it in one sitting of 5.5 hours which consisted of multiple brain farts, mainly in the end."
76561198150219592,Recommended,430960,28925208,Posted: 1 January,all,Karumaッ,great story and characters. overall amazing game.
76561198152754535,Recommended,430960,21784189,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Papa Riku,"Such a nice good feel game (If you can choose the right options/dialouges that is). Nonetheless, whatever ending you choose, it's satisfying. It's a realistic look on what could very well be our future but it's not boring. The characters are real and relatable. Whether you hate any of them or love them, you could still understand their reasons for their actions. It took me a solod 5 hours to unlock all the achivements and it was worth it."
76561198174105451,Recommended,430960,21827847,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Iwatani Naofumi,This game is definitely more than worth it!! the story is amazing and the pacing of it is just right. by the end os this you will most likely be crying. The BGM compliments what is happening on screen perfectly. you will not regret buying this!!
76561198297021567,Recommended,430960,32391995,Posted: 13 June,all,The Raven,Awesome Visual Novel. Totally Worth It!!!
,Recommended,430960,23886447,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Traeger,"Pretty good VN, especially for the price. It's a little short but definitely worth 10USD."
76561198028569486,Recommended,430960,29244459,Posted: 14 January,all,Jordangandr,"*Cries*Graphics/Anamations:For a 2016 game, pretty subpar. For a VN. ResonableGameplay/Featrues:It's a VN. Expect something a step above a book.Sound/Audio:Only one character is voiced. + (- for low VO)Story:Main CH is a♥♥♥♥♥♥(Something I always have trouble enjoying) and the 3 laws of robotics pop up way to often. However, the strory is well constructed and eventually draws you in too deep.The trend of bad endings had me fully believing that the Doctor story would be pre-main, rather than post. Kudos on that.+Price:As expected for content. A steal when on sale."
,Recommended,430960,34998083,Posted: 16 September,all,ByByYo,Any Good.
76561198047805843,Recommended,430960,34500117,Posted: 26 August,all,Boruto's Dad,well...♥♥♥♥♥me
76561198039429701,Recommended,430960,21589746,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Preston1835,i am a huge VN fan this one was bought on a whim to be honest and i am VERY glad i did get it the story was epic i did go for the good guy route but the story was awesome theres a heck of a plot twist too if you like a good drama or depending how you look/think a romance drama this one is well worth it
,Recommended,430960,24987628,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SandyBoi,"Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is a masterpiece. Plain and simple. I really didn't expect to go on such an emotional rollercoaster, if you will, while reading this beautifully constructed visual novel.The art is lovely and gives life to all the characters within the story and the music is very good. On top of that, the Japanese voice acting is excellent.It's a novel that makes us question; what makes us human, what makes us alive and if we were able to put emotions in a machine, would it merely be a machine acting like it has those emotions, or if those emotions coming from the machine were genuine.If any of you out there reading this enjoy your anime, visual novels, light novels and manga, I'm quite confident of the fact that you will enjoy this immensely. Should you choose to pick this up, expect to go on quite the emotional journey."
,Recommended,430960,26128449,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Alenko,"This is one of the best visual novel I've ever played in my entire life. It brought me lots of different feelings, such as happy, sad, angry, fun, and much more. The game is just... unbelievably beautiful, especially the soundtrack after finishing the game with the TRUE END. I'm looking forward to any new releases in the future. Until then, I'm gonna replay Lucy over and over and over again.Thank you for bringing such a beautiful game.P/s: sequel, please... :("
76561198078174842,Recommended,430960,27512977,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KuroNekoHime,"The feelings i get when playing this...i cant put them in words, i was a fountain of sadness and love <3If you like VN's and dont already had read this, you just have to feel the Light this Story brings to your heart!"
,Recommended,430960,27597791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PacoSousa,"First of all, I must say the visual novels are not the kind game for everyone.In some aspects, they could be described as not being a game at all.I get that for some these may not be their cup of tea.But for those who like a story in it self, and for it self, and have the patience to read (or listen) every word, of every text, in order to fully grasp the depth and the meaning of a story... visual novels can be very rewarding.I think that the reason why you pay for games. ultimately, is to have some kind of rewarding feeling for playing them.Be it for being entertaining, for being challenging, for making you happy or for making you sad, it's that rewarding feeling that makes it a good game.For me, this one was rewarding. So for me, this one was a good game."
76561198085549553,Recommended,430960,27757889,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kylelebert_17,"A great read, with a very unexpected twist at the end."
76561198295356774,Recommended,430960,27943052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,henryhahn777,Wonderful visual novel with a deep meaning behind it.Had to continue untill the end in a single go.Well worth it.
,Recommended,430960,28308908,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Skeletonicki013,"Long Story Short...A great game with twists and turns. Many heartbreaking scenes and heartwarming episodes.Also, a tearjerker for those who are very into this game.I strongly recommend this: IT IS WORTH EVERY SINGLE PENNY."
,Recommended,430960,28635552,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bloodavenger,"I have never read a story that i have ever got as invested in until this game. The writing, the characters and the art are some of the best that i have ever read, got invested in and seen respectively. The music and sound design in the game is next level. I cannot recommend this highly enough to anyone. Thank you to all the people who made this game, story, music and art for creating one of the best experiences i have ever had."
76561198110598848,Recommended,430960,29531624,Posted: 27 January,all,AlReev,"Lucy is a great novel about your life with a robot. I find myself questioning about my own life a couple of times from reading it. The ending itself is great, I wish the story could be a little bit longer but regardless, I'm still happy. Got myself cried more than twice.The art itself is great... but only for Lucyand PIM-023.As for theinterface, some convenient features such as Auto mode and Skip unread text are missing. It's not like those features are essential, but lacking such features feels off, to me at least. And a little bit nitpicky here, going through the menu feels very slow.In the end, the positives still outweighs the negatives.Get it"
,Recommended,430960,30920220,Posted: 3 April,all,AllHailGabeN,"Very enticing story, played every chance I got."
,Recommended,430960,30950250,Posted: 4 April,all,LonM,"Good story. Touching on some of the more existential matters of robots and life, with a smattering of humour thrown in throughout. VN is constructed well, with good art, voicing and bgm. It's a short one, but well worth reading."
76561198311291151,Recommended,430960,32333507,Posted: 10 June,all,Maiku,"I really have no clue how this game managed to slip through the cracks but I bought this game at a discounted price which was a little disheartening to be honest. But what I'm really here to say is that this game had the kind of impact I didn't even think was possible. Like it answers the really tough questions like is the rapid progression of technology inherently bad and unnatural? Or if videogames are art. (I made that one up) This is truly a masterpiece in every sense of the word and I implore everyone who has a friend who is really into Visual Novels but is bored of the same tired concept of constant overstimulation by giant breasts and scantally clad women with cat ears then this will be the breath of fresh air the sorely need.The story it tells is oozing with substance and thought through it's very pores, it never lets up. There are moments where I laughed a lot to point of choking on my own saliva, there are moments of severe sorrow where yes, I actually cried a lot. This visual novel really makes you feel for it's characters by putting yourself in a position that most people can relate to and that's the role of a highschool student with all of the struggles that come with it, the packed schedule and all. And the focus that is put upon the player character's journey as he gets used to having an android around the house is very organic and unlike many stories I've experienced in a long while, it ranks in the top ten experiences I've ever had the pleasure of taking part in.However there is one caviat in this game and that's the slow beginning. It takes a bit for the story to really come into its own which is fine when everything else is so picture perfect!Great Job, Modern Visual Arts Laboratory for producing one of the best Visual Novels I've ever played on Steam and had I known about this around it's release date I probably would have preordered it!And thank you so much for making this  cynical individual cry tears of joy....."
76561198033362977,Recommended,430960,28946809,Posted: 2 January,all,Viikka,"Good story, Good Artwork, Great Music and Great Voice acting (Korean voice acting to be presice. Japanese was good but not what I prefered)The story will take you on a emotional ride and after you complete everything possible, it really has you thinking about the concequences of having self aware robots becoming released to the public as well as the conflicts that can arise between different thoughts and viewpoints which in this case, is the view point of andriods becoming a part of human society.If you are a VN lover and you like your emotions being played with. This is a VN you will definatly like."
,Recommended,430960,32366201,Posted: 12 June,all,apipotaku,"I just bought this game on a whim during sale, and send it as gifts to my friends as well. This VN have beautiful character designs, heartwarming BGMs and good story plots. As an otaku, I have played dozens of VN, and yet I never shed tears while playing them. Yet, this game managed to make me cry as if I was watching Clannad After Story, Anohana, Plastic Memories, and Angel Beats all over again. My money spent well as my friends also felt the same. Highly recommended this..."
,Recommended,430960,33019029,Posted: 29 June,all,Melody,Beautiful...one of the best visual novels I have ever played.
76561198055682885,Recommended,430960,34394781,Posted: 21 August,all,Pringles,"Oh well, what should I say. Lucy is something you could refer to as ""storytelling masterpiece"". And if you would say so of course you wouldn't be wrong, but the questions this story revolves have some deeper existential meaning, and I can bet that after finishing this story it'll stay with you for quite some time. At least that's how I feel about it. But I shall leave decision about that to you, because if you're worried if ""Lucy"" is worth buying, it is. If not for story then for carefully writen and drawn characters. I hope that someone after reading this short review will get this game and get to enjoy this beautiful story."
,Recommended,430960,22930347,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Kamil118,"Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is a remake of Korean 2010 title of the same name.It is a deep game that asks you: If robots become advanced enough, to seem to have emotions, and realise what emotions are, would these be real? Or they would just be our artificial creation, and robot's memories, personality and feelings were as worthless as your holidays photos..The game tells multiple ending story about a prototype robot PIM-001 Lucy and the nameless protagonist struggling against questions stated above. It is tuching and funny at the momments, when we see Lucy's lack of human common sense, but it never loses it's way for too long.There is only one voiced character and that is Lucy. She has Japanese and Korean voiceover, both are great and selectable in options menu.Visuals are outstanding and piano soundtrack is so beautiful i wouldn't hestate to buy it.Even as person who doesn't look for deep story i realy enjoyed the game and i reccomend it to anyone who doesn't despise visual novel genere."
,Recommended,430960,24031511,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,V-Boss,"Beautiful.I haven't played a Visual Novel in a bit of a long time, I picked this up in the sale on a whim, and I am glad I did.The story is something special, that will stick with you, long after you finish it, it handles the story and theme very maturely. No, it isn't the first VN or general media to tackle this topic, but this does it very well.There is a full Korean and Japanese audio voices, with English subtitles.Translation wise, I can't say much, I do not speak Korean or Japanese, But I understood all of the subtitles and everything made sense.I cannot recommend this game enough, and highly suggest you pick it up, I will certainly be re-visting this VN time and time again.Beautiful."
76561198126762630,Recommended,430960,33018682,Posted: 29 June,all,naamloos,damn the feelings train hitted me never so hard like now ;_;
76561198262808035,Recommended,430960,33270660,Posted: 5 July,all,Erectmanhorse,Astonishing. Brilliant. Captivating. Highly Emotional.Kinda dodgy how the MC is a tsundere while he encounters basically the perfect waifu.
,Recommended,430960,28912583,Posted: 1 January,all,EratoNysiad,"I have rewritten this first sentence like 20 times by now. It's just so... Wow. No words. This truely is one of the best VNs I've played ever. If you buy this game, play through the entire game. Only if you've seen the endings you will understand why I cannot express how good of a game this is.The extras got me crying like a little girl.9/10"
76561198056416243,Recommended,430960,26326694,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zom-B-Bunny,Really good game i hate and love the ending remember to keep watching after the credits
76561198319957049,Recommended,430960,27878576,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xxdevilzangel,"There are multiple pro's and con's that this game has, for example:When the game boots up, the menu has a small delay when you select certain options.There aren't many chracters to look into (About five has been drawn fully, with only Lucy being voice acted)But (and it is a MASSIVE but) the story has made all of those minor nitpicks redundant. The characters that are obviously antagonised you will HATE. And I do mean physically loath the sight of. Not from the great drawing may I add, but because of what they do and how they act.I will not say anything that may spoil the ending because that is simply one of the best story endings I've ever had in my decade-plus of gaming, (I may have cried a little but SHUT UP)So, with regards to the absolutely amazing main character, world development (simple slight-of-hand remarks mainly), and with the plot that I can easily see happening in this day and age, I would happy recommended this to anyone that wants emosions galore.Great work, Mviz lab! I hope you make another tear jerker like this one soon!"
,Recommended,430960,32748162,Posted: 24 June,all,Pdte Sopapo,This... This game made me question myself. It almost made me cry
,Recommended,430960,31221202,Posted: 18 April,all,Ryan,"Very well made Vn, but pretty short you could finish the story in 3 hours. After you complete the first playthrough you get some extra stories that add to the main one. just needs steam achievmentsOverall: 9/10"
76561198292132811,Recommended,430960,32355513,Posted: 11 June,all,sunsrats,one of the best visual novels i have every played its just great its just a roller coaster of emotionsoverall i dont want to ruin the game for you its great buy it if you are looking for a great visual novelits about  7-10 hours long if you complete all the secrets
76561198121386476,Recommended,430960,32412101,Posted: 14 June,all,wickes,"The whole story is honestly extremely emotional and exceptional to a degree I haven't seen in any other visual novel, I don't regret my decision at all."
76561198038291684,Recommended,430960,32910110,Posted: 27 June,all,Bataalra,its a gut punch and a half of a story. i would recomend it to everyone that has a computer
76561198119326111,Recommended,430960,34627571,Posted: 30 August,all,Elembee,"My first review, in any game that I own, ever.I bought this game because it was on sale during the annual Steam summer sale event, and after playing it...I am glad that I did.I am all for great gameplay, stunning 3D graphics, and all the other goodies that should come with purchasing a video game on Steam, but a great story is what sets it apart everything else - this game has just that.The story in this game is nothing short of a masterpiece.There are no explosions, gunshots, strategies, and hell; you can't even control a character! But I consider this title in my Steam library as the best game that I own."
76561198208275217,Recommended,430960,34745980,Posted: 4 September,all,The Blue Umbreon,"It is a short game, about 7 hours of play for the story, but it makes you want to play over and over and over, oh and it is NOT afraid to make you cry and kick you in the feels multipile times over, so have tissues at the ready. I may have cried for a good chunk of the game, and the story is STUNNING! thats all I'll say because to say more would be spoilers. But seriously, this is an amazing game, I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a good story. Also, shift tab and use the guide in english if you want some help on the achevements, also the extras are ESSENTIAL to this game DO THEM. Also this game should be like 30 dollars."
,Recommended,430960,31400876,Posted: 27 April,all,Stimox先輩,Beautiful StorylineBeautiful SoundtracksBeautiful ScenesA true masterpiece.10/10
,Recommended,430960,32399212,Posted: 13 June,all,Sargone,"Masterpiece... You start very skeptical, clicking through the text without too much care and then with each passing scene you immerse yourself into the story more and more...Sadness, happiness, laughter, shock, tears and joy - you will be amazed with what you will experience playing this remarkable piece of art. It will touch your heart and leave a mark on it forever. THIS IS A SHINING JEWEL AMONG VISUAL NOVELSI strongly recommend playing this :)"
76561198101201833,Recommended,430960,32263308,Posted: 8 June,all,没有额外稀有,What I wanna to express is that this game is definitely worth to playing.
,Recommended,430960,34240581,Posted: 14 August,all,404Unkownname,"This Game presents some interesting topics. It seemed to have touched upon the topic of racism, and how humans can easily repeat the past when something new arise. The use of a robot instead of a race allows everyone in that world to easily judge them. You take on the role of a character who has a prejudice against robots, but this slowly unravels. This will make you feel and relate to this story and truly give you an amazing experience. And when your done try your hardest to get the true end (Note: to get true end you have to get all the achievments in the main part of the game excluding after story achievements) Trust me working for the true end is worth it."
76561198041033911,Recommended,430960,28320047,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Spriz,"This is the most powerful and heartwarming game I have ever played.  I enjoyed every moment of it, and I will never forget it.  It has left a permanent mark of me forever!"
,Recommended,430960,22818348,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Michael JAU,"Moving story, great piano music, beautiful CG as well as deep thought of the relationship between humans and robots. It's really a dammit masterpiece!#SPOILER WARNING: PLOT AND ENDING DETAILS FOLLOW. #This is the first game to make me cry. This is the first game I find myself immersed in so deeply. When I felt all hope was nearly gone, Lucy suddenly turned her face toward me, calling me MASTER not DOCTOR. At this time, I couldn't no longer hold back my tears as if I was the protagonist. Fifteen years......Doctor spent fifteen years to get Lucy back, for the sake of the eternity they both wished for."
76561198025980821,Recommended,430960,28976509,Posted: 3 January,all,RawShank,This turned out to be quite a moving tale.Luckly went back to it for those few extra scenes and true ending since I've missed them the first time around.And dang it does deliver.Great artwork.Interesting story.Relaxing music.VO is great (Even if only for one character).8.9/10
,Recommended,430960,28625755,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Loli,>Develop feelings for androids>Develop feelings for anime girls>Choose Both
76561198052776946,Recommended,430960,22628185,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Omega,"The game Lucy asks the question: can an android  be human?  Or maybe even what is important for humans to accept another human. What you'll have from this story depends largely on yourself. How much you want to think about it. What you want to believe. And what not. Even the good ending can be a distopia depending on your beliefs.So it's a pretty adult and merciless  game. In contrast to that Lucy is what you expect her to be. Innocence on two legs you want to protect even if it cost your own life. The game designer used all the tricks so that we'll feel sympathy for her. And we have quite early huge trouble to just see the machine in ""her"". The father plays a keyrole and I would recommend to put yourself at least for one playthrough in his shoes. See Lucy and the whole situation from his perspective. Think about what he tells you. Also what your friend tells you. It's important to fully understand the situation you are in and the true meaning of your decisions."
76561198129411711,Not Recommended,430960,29661366,Posted: 2 February,all,Inconsistent Gamer,"Lucy: The Eternity She Wished Fortakes place in Korea in the year 2050. The world is much the same as our own, though with androids now becoming commonplace as they are used to help people in various capacities. You play as an anonymous male high school student who stumbles upon a broken android in a junkyard. He manages to activate it by accident and, after having it repaired, starts to realize that its ability to mimic human behavior is truly unparalleled. It is not long before his prior robot-hating ways start to change.This game is a visual novel, a type of video game that is mostly story-driven. Indeed, much of the gameplay is just reading the story with a couple of choices along the way that change some of the dialogue. There are only two different endings to achieve in the game.Starting off with the positive aspects, I thought the art was quite good. The backgrounds are very clean and detailed, even if some of the environments, such as a classroom, are more plain. The style used for most of the character sprites follows a rather standard anime style.After seeing so many positive reviews for this game on Steam, I really looked forward to seeing what the story here had to offer. This is where I found disappointment with this game, especially considering the meat of any visual novel is the story. I looked forward to a game that dealt with themes such as human-android interactions and perhaps some heart-wrenching and emotional aspects. This game was lacking in both subjects. To start off with, the more philosophical aspects of the game are not well explored. There is some debate within the story if Lucy is really feeling things like emotions and having dreams of her own or if it is just an elaborate imitation. But that is really it. I usually avoid spoilers in reviews, but I feel I must include some light ones for this review.As the story progresses, the protagonist starts to fall in love with Lucy the android. I felt this plot was weak as there hardly seems to be any true relationship developing between them. Lucy, as a robot, just seems to wait on him hand and foot and show affection for him without any reason. Really, it just feels like her character was created for lonely people who want a motherly figure in their life.As an adult, I found it difficult to sympathize at all with the protagonist. He often just seemed to come off as a standard whiny teenager. The emotional scenes fell flat because of these problems. I mean, would this story have worked in the slightest if Lucy was not depicted as a standard cute anime girl? Probably not.Overall, though this game has some really good art, the story was seriously lacking. Perhaps it was too over-hyped with all of the positive reviews, but personally I found this game to be a seriously underwhelming experience."
,Recommended,430960,28911393,Posted: 1 January,all,julz vi Britania,"What can I say?This Game touched me and many other deeply emotional. It's full of moments of happiness, sadness, hate and regret.The Story was surprisingly deep at some moments, sometimes just silly and funny. Thanks god there are NO stereotypical Anime moments like from japanese VN.Technically the game is top notch. The UI fits perfectly with the game, you have considering it's a VN quite a lot of options (about 12 in total) to choose from and a pretty nice Achievements system. Sadly it doesn't support Steam Achievements till now.Why you should buy this?It's a short Novel that you can read trough in roughly 7 hours and it's really emotional and heartwarming. I would say give it a try. If you don't enjoy it after 1,5 hours you can order always a refund."
76561198047117740,Recommended,430960,31090680,Posted: 11 April,all,Dj Race Mixer,"If any of you plan to buy  robot waifus in the near future, this VN is definitely applicable to the moral consequences you will be dealing with, so buy it you ♥♥♥♥ing degenerates10/10 Emotionally destroyed, money well spent"
76561198172772995,Recommended,430960,24067165,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MakiMaki,"Short and sweet VN that managed to develop enough story behind Lucy and the protagonist you play to evoke some serious emotions. It also gave an interesting perspective on how humanity might percieve and react to AI and other artificial creations.Several times during the story, I couldn't help but feel that an android like Lucy would be an asset to our society, but also understood why most of humanity would be so threatened as well. I love stories like the one told in Lucy that make me think and reflect on the subjects they cover.The artwork throughout the game was really nice. The CG scenes really pulled you into the moment.Overall, very good VN for a bargain price (well, at least during the holiday sale! LOL)"
,Recommended,430960,22106768,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Senjougahara Hitagi,"I would rate this one of the best short VN I've ever played.Do you like feels? - Because I do, especially when It involves me crying. :>"
76561198228812384,Recommended,430960,21596849,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,dragonssoul1,Why is it asking for a Password to view the CG Gallery? i completed the game and the logged out then when i got back in it was asking me for a password when in tried to view the CG gallery plus the acheivements is no longer there that i unlocked does this mean i have to start all over? plus i never got the chance too view one of the endings so i have no idea  on how too unlock the GC gallery
76561198065939934,Recommended,430960,21579668,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Frost,"""Robots"""
76561198083121718,Recommended,430960,21704156,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,GodOwnGames,No regrets (;
76561198259249142,Recommended,430960,22682543,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kerfs,"Pretty awesome though, I kinda like how the bgm is showing on while the converstation and the cv of character."
,Recommended,430960,29577768,Posted: 29 January,all,Matthew,"Description of the game reminded me of Chobits. Wasn't ready for the floor to turn into a conveyor belt heading straight towards a wall of pure feels but it did. Overall it's pretty good, only complaint was a lack of autoplay but that's just me being too lazy to click every so often."
,Recommended,430960,31206333,Posted: 17 April,all,Kondraki,"Когда я уже пройду тебя, визуальная новелла?"
,Recommended,430960,32387331,Posted: 13 June,all,Soulji,really a very good story <3<3. i was touched to read it. 10/10
76561198033055675,Recommended,430960,32377668,Posted: 12 June,all,soldierfortruth,"So this was my first foray in the visual novel. While the story was interesting I wish it would have done a better job of diving into the what makes a person a person questions which while entertaining didn't give go in on an answer the way I would have liked it too. I understand, that some will just like the questions being posed without the answers but I just wish it went a little farther. Outside of that it's pretty straight forward with two different endings which I won't spoil here. I think in total it's about a 4-5 hour run time pending upon your reading speed. For the on sale price I picked it up with it was well worth it. Overall as a story though I'd give it a solid C"
,Recommended,430960,27690754,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Make DLC Great Again,"so i see this on sale, decide why not.  install, at first it crashed when I went to fullscreen it from the option menu.  oh boy, can't be good if it won't work.  I see that I can also go fullscreen by F10. that worked.  good, it works.  I'm going thru the story, loved it, AND I GET A FOIL CARD OF ONE OF THE BEST SMILES. takes away the sadness. gotta love it."
76561198183506419,Recommended,430960,29070002,Posted: 6 January,all,Mentolin,10/10 would cry helplessly over a robot.
,Recommended,430960,29116001,Posted: 8 January,all,Cinrai,"The start is interesting, the mid part of the story is kinda slow, but the ending, oh boy.. the ending... just remember to check on the extras after you complete the game. There is some good stuff there that you need to play through!"
76561198040980239,Recommended,430960,29173286,Posted: 10 January,all,Papa Palpatine,Dang.
,Recommended,430960,27839793,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HanonSilverleaf,"For those planning to buy this.The game has two voice sets available, one in Korean and one in Japanese. Of course, the novel itself English.So far, the game is pretty okay, except for the part it cannot go fullscreen."
76561198031285054,Recommended,430960,28938525,Posted: 2 January,all,Yamisquall,"At first, this Visual Novel made me think of Clamp's Chobits but it went a little deeper on some parts of the story.For a short VN like this one, it's a read I'd recommand first before more emotional VNs (like fault milestone one or Narcissu).10/10, would buy a PIM001 for myself if I could!"
76561198136342301,Recommended,430960,29075933,Posted: 6 January,all,buttsecks,-play game-get normal/bad ending-cry-want to get good end-play again-get true ending-happy but still cry-watch extras-cry even more11/10 would cry again
,Recommended,430960,25920878,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,i no english,"IF you wanna cry, I recommend this game. Dont listen to the haters, get this game, you wont ragret"
,Recommended,430960,28314593,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,lucasmonster,It'd be a roller coaster of emotion. I'm prepared
76561198113620838,Recommended,430960,28981265,Posted: 3 January,all,PK,good.
,Recommended,430960,27689396,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skygirl Gaming (Inori),I really love this game. The story is wrote very emotional and the pictures and music really fit the story. I'm normaly not into Visual Novels bu this game was really very interesting to play and it's perfectly for moments when you wanna sit on your chair and just relax for a bit.The game is so cute! D:
,Recommended,430960,28988479,Posted: 3 January,all,Zihark Akemi,"I hereby nominate this game for the ""Why The Hell Wasn't It Nominated For The 'I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye' Award"" Award."
,Recommended,430960,29074416,Posted: 6 January,all,Hockin,So where do i start with this Review....So before go more in like how this game just.... Remenber to get a tissue and least prepration as this game will hit your heart quite hard...- Will Edit this tommorrow quite late...
76561198035858332,Recommended,430960,25960135,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Eadane,Prepare to wipe away tears if you buy this VN. I would defenitely recommend this to everyone.
,Recommended,430960,26027372,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SquOliver,"I do recommend this for fans of VNs and android girls. It has some thought provoking plot points, lots of humor, beautiful artwork, and twists that I honestly did not see coming. If you do play it, play it all they way through up until the extra ending after the true ending, it's worth it. Looking forward to what the creators will do next.:''')"
,Recommended,430960,27585370,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Just Nick,"How to get depression in less than 6 hours for only 9,99 €Jokes aside it was really good but the ending was way too ♥♥♥♥ing sad plus the voice will just kill your insides."
76561198034433526,Recommended,430960,27917473,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SquiddySHC,"This game make me actually feel the characters, the anger, sadness, warm from the heart, wishs....everything from the characters, even this story is not long. I love this game so much! It have an amazing story too.-------spoiler------dont look if haven't play yet!------------------------------------------------------------My favorite also the saddest part in the story is ""when Lucy got burn"" the anger and the sadden(feel like broken heart) of the main character(male) come out from my own heart, watching someone that waiting for you be like that, someone that give go warmness be like that.... it hurt.....I actually cry out when it happen"
76561198093572752,Recommended,430960,27965087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KrisCross,My First VN. I was pretty reluctant to buy this. I'm not a fan of VN but I do enjoy a good storyStart the gameFound LucyGet to know LucyBe an insensitive owner to LucyCryStart the game againFound LucyGet to know Lucy againBe a sensitive owner to LucyCry10/10 would not want to cry again
76561198109709321,Recommended,430960,28164945,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Richard719,"I buy this VN because I saw the trailer remind me the VN I played before (Planetarian), with the Overwhelming review I think it wouldn't be a bad one.This VN is very good. Nice storyline at least. Played with english sub with Jap voice, Good voice acting that make me laugh at some scene and have feeling when progress the story. It make me shed some tears at the True Ending.It a worth buy game. Recommend for anyone have a few hours spent on this game that you won't regret it."
,Recommended,430960,28600399,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sesaw,10/10 Would wipe memory and play again
,Recommended,430960,27826791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SleekN00b,"There were three phases of me playing this game:1. Yea, a story about a counflicted guy and his robot, it's nice.2. The ending almost got me crying, nice try game, but you won't defeat my manliness!3. EVEN A MAN CAN CRY OK?!?!?! *sob sob**for sceptics, this game really gets better at the end-the END type of end, be patient*"
76561198110558723,Recommended,430960,28677554,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Darryl,My first Visual Novel and I got no regrets purchasing it even though it is only a few hours longThe story is captivating and worth the playthrough. Highly Recommended
,Recommended,430960,29614132,Posted: 31 January,all,Fatalis,"9/10 Recommended VN !I'm not really into VN , i only played Clannad and get rekt right in the heart, this is my 2nd VN but it turns to be good even the story is quite short.You will laugh, you will cry, you will get angry , and get punched in your gut.This is a roller coaster feeltrain, dont get aboard if you're not ready.Amazing quotes and cites from philoshoper in-game will truly make you wonder are you a real human , or just a superior creature within the animal kingdom."
,Recommended,430960,21684456,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tsugan,"A short, but sweet, VN. Definitely one of the better ones on Steam, with no nudity or sexual content to speak of. There are only two routes, really (there are several ""choices"" you can make that provide a line or two of flavor text but don't impact anything), and I would recommend looking them up after your first playthrough to make sure you experience both.I hope to see more VN's of this caliber come to Steam in the future."
,Recommended,430960,26089822,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Larry,MY ♥♥♥♥ING EMOTIONS AHHHHHHHHWHY U DO THIS10/9Would cry like a freaking baby even tho i am a 16 year old male Again... makes sense......
,Recommended,430960,29544763,Posted: 28 January,all,Ayumi,i think all of us have something to learn from this game ... i personal take it as a great experience
76561198235749392,Recommended,430960,28762830,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Xeno_Zora,"I'm at loss for words...Beautiful, Heart-warming, and last but not least.....IT MADE ME CRY... ='(Overall Rating I would give: 9/10"
,Recommended,430960,32405106,Posted: 14 June,all,Okami_Yume,"This novel was filled with such a strong story, its so easy to get attached to a character like Lucy. It also made me wonder about my own views on robots and life in general; the story was truly an emotional rollercoaster, and I'm so glad I read it (: One of my favorites visual novels I've read!6 hours (for whole story) - 8 hours for extra endings"
76561198141223094,Recommended,430960,23591311,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christiandcb777,A beautiful story between a student and an android with the ability to replicate emotions. Makes readers question the risks of technological advancement.
76561198290463672,Recommended,430960,34709603,Posted: 3 September,all,Greget Master,well made story
,Recommended,430960,22850105,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ÐarkruneÐK,"This game is one of the few games, that has been able to make an emotional impact (hapiness, sadness, anger etc.) on me throughout the lenght of the game (and after the game ended). I rarely cry, but I must admit this game achieved it. Really great game, that got me really immersed in it's world.The game has a very compelling story, great athmospheric music accompanied by some great pictures."
,Recommended,430960,23038570,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Davy Chou,"Lucy - The Enternity She Wished For is a great entry-level Visul Novel. If you haven't played a VN before, this is a great place to start.Keeping short at probably just under 5 hours ( I tended to pause and go AFK while the game was open) the game isn't as full-featured as many other VNs out there (Katawa Shoujo for instance). Nevertheless, the game is a great way to introduce someone into the world of VNs. Having spent over 25 hours in Katawa Shoujo, and having touched on other VNs and the like, I still enjoyed playing this game. It has a great storyline, fantastic art, absolutely spot on voice acting, and enough different paths to take that the replay value is valid another couple of times. I didn't find any part of it slow or boring, nor did I ever think it was dragging on.Lucy - The Enternity She Wished For is a great way to get into the world of VNs and appreciate what they are. While not the most full featured VN out there, it provides a great base for getting a feel on the world of VNs. If you're looking for somewhere to start, this is the perfect place. Well worth the price, congrats on getting funded on Kickstarter and Greenlit for this, I'm glad it made its way to Steam and I found it, it was a nice experience and I look forward to future projects from the developers behind it."
76561198170605491,Recommended,430960,23556693,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Xelam13,"Ok so here I am doing this, first of all when you read Lucy you need to read it from a psycological perspectiveLucy is great, you should give it a try, even read the title THE ETERNITY SHE WISHED FOR bring some water to my eyes, be calm Xelam, be calm.the music dosen´t really help, is so good that moves you.I read many VN in my life but belive me, Lucy is one of the bestYou need to see Lucy as the Human, in a society that turns humans into robots, we can see our avatar, saying thats not the logical way, or this is not logical, our character is only a machine with flesh, Lucy on the contrary, she see the world with a human perspective, she can enjoy a sunseth even on a poor street when the father and your character arguee, Lucy is the only who see the true path, many people complain about the character adtitude, because its feels unnatural, I see Lucy as a critic to modern society where we are turning more and more like robots."
,Recommended,430960,25876655,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,🌸𝕽𝖔𝖞𝖆𝖑🌸,"This is my first visual novel, and I don't regret buying it.The plot so far is amazing. And the grapghics are even better.It kinda reminds me of the anime: AnoHana.So if you enjoyed that anime, you should definately give this game a try.Based on my experiences so far, I'll give this game a score of: 8/10"
,Recommended,430960,27401933,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roxas559,"Be ready for dem feels, making you feel both overjoyed and heartbroken. Fantastic game!"
,Recommended,430960,27583344,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Animeci,I have never cried over a game in my entire life... Untill now.I`m writing this as crying my eyes out and holy sh*t that ending 11/10
,Recommended,430960,29657651,Posted: 2 February,all,Firs,"I always had the question 'Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-' asks. 'If there was a robot that could laugh, cry and smile. ...Does it have a soul? 'This VN has changed my life...and got me even deeper into the question...got me even more interested.This game never let my heart rest.It never got me bored.Not even when I was replaying the game with skip mode, in order to get the TRUE endingIt never let my mind rest.I was ""trappet"" inside , but not against my own will, quite the opposite, i wanted it to happen.And the ending...ow the ending...I never cry at games, movies, books, and soo on...because I do not feel like doing it...I did not cry at this VN either...But with all honesty, I can tell you.I wish I could've cryThis VN will leave you with one more objective in life.To live in eternity.The Eternity She Wished ForConsider this a ""small"" spoiler for thetwo endingsof the game:Ending 1: How dare he...how dare he disgrace her wish... how dare he forget, as if nothing happenedEnding 2: I never would've tought...I never would've guessed...such determination...I wish I had a similar one."
76561198070086649,Recommended,430960,29671027,Posted: 3 February,all,Overland,"My very first Visual novel, Fresh from plastic memories anime.. I overlooked the more adult focused VN's and thought this one looked sweet - I didnt know what to expect of the story or the format itselfWhat I got is something just as beautiful.. as any anime ive seenI highly recomend this even if you dont feel its your thingemotionally dense package that ends in beauty and sorrowno spoilers - if you like emotional anime this will fit right in..one of the best gaming experiences ive had the pleasure to sit through"
76561198132424840,Recommended,430960,29697057,Posted: 4 February,all,Sushi191,"I normally don't write reviews, but for this I would like to. This game will take you on an emotional roller coaster. You will feel happy at times, and sad at others. Sometimes you will be mad at ""You"" for making dumb decisions. But it's all worth it. Play this game, and expirience it to the fullest."
,Recommended,430960,29860231,Posted: 11 February,all,Staghoul 👻,"This was an interesting visual novel to say the least.The story is well developped, and the ending makes you want so much more. First time in awhile where I actually felt for the characters, definitely worth the buy.Would recommend to anyone wanting a good read.10/10"
76561198174053214,Recommended,430960,30183480,Posted: 25 February,all,vicdinnen,"I found this Visual Novel to be a very interesting, 'thought provoking' one, and I really enjoyed it!  It took me about 9 hours according to Steam (which sounds about right), to give you an idea of how long it is.  I found myself engrossed in the story the whole time: it didn't feel like it dragged on (which is a concern sometimes), but there isn't much replay value on this one.  Instead of the type of game where you try to pick a path to get an ending, it's a pretty linear story.  But it was quite a rich experience: I am definitely happy I tried this out!  The price is pretty reasonable too: I wouldn't necessarily wait for a sale if you are looking for a new visual novel right now."
76561198179070954,Recommended,430960,30196140,Posted: 26 February,all,Aritsou,"Absolutely incredible. It has a beautiful story, amazing art and well made voice-overs. I would not have expected that such a game would touch my heart. If you want to buy this, get ready for a trip in the feel's train. ^^"
,Recommended,430960,32307979,Posted: 9 June,all,Alucard [RV],This is why I love Visual Novels.Rate: 58/10
76561198029990512,Recommended,430960,32309960,Posted: 9 June,all,The Fallen Zyzz,"For real ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the developer for messing with my emotions like this.As an aside, I absolutely do recommend this VN if you're up for one hell of a feels trip. Out of the handful of VNs that I have played, this is easily one of the better ones.The music and CGs are great as well."
,Recommended,430960,32349875,Posted: 11 June,all,Notice Me Senpai,"What an amazing story. I havent done all the side stuff yet, but I just completed the main story and the different versions that you can potentially see.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=635569750Here ^ is the guide I followed and I recommend everyone who plays this do so as well.The story is tear-jerking.  You really start to love Lucy's character and how she becomes more than just an android.If you're looking for a good VN/ Story-driven title, then look no further. This game is cheap and goes on sale alot too. Its worth every penny."
,Recommended,430960,32409572,Posted: 14 June,all,Mr_Tech,"It's been some time since I've shead a tear, but I think it's worth it, a very good job for the dev team and the writers, to be very honest, I dont mind if I have to buy this game again just so that I can play it in the furture, this one goes to you all..."
76561198112708975,Recommended,430960,32422853,Posted: 14 June,all,db4ks,"""If you want to be realistic, It's until I die thats right. The enternity i wish for is until my death""Being able to live in master's memories for all enternity. that is the enternity Lucy wishes for.""9/10Cons""Mc is boring and is always being hit by his dad""Pros""The art is really nice and Lucys voice actor for the japaneese dub has a nice voice"""
,Recommended,430960,32527248,Posted: 17 June,all,Mistermist,"Few media have made me cry. Katawa Shoujo was and has been the only visual novel to do so, that was until I played Lucy. Not only did it bring me to tears, but it also made me question my own morales.As someone who usually sees Androids as people when I view them in fiction, for once this game made me question that. Is it always good to treat them on the same level as humans?Even if you're not a fan of visual novels, or of anime I would still recommend giving this a try as I believe it is worth full price."
76561198374605534,Recommended,430960,32545138,Posted: 18 June,all,KentIsaBadJoke,"I start with saying that:yes i am reccommending the game even if am going to kinda say more bad than good.Let's start with the bad:first thing first,this ''visual novel''-ish compared to others offers pretty much no choices troughout the game and by that i mean like 18 in total that are actually just for story turns.No dialogs choices,no involvements,nothing.That is in a flood of words,often useless and a lot of repetition on the same damn thing that the protagonist says all over again just making it really painful to bear.That leads to making you feel like the story is never gonna end and like it's reeeeally slow,even if the game is actually pretty short,plus not getting you to relate or even attach to the carachter you are playing.Last but not least all of the previous problems got me to give up to try to get the other ending due to not wanting to endure all the things again and the poor and cheesy writing just to get it.Oh and the bonus story about the main carachter fater was just really cheesy and unnnecessary too with a final that is just so poor in taste,i'm not even gonna go deep in deatils about it.Let's talk good things:All the art related things are just so well made i can't even explain it...it's just so good.They kept the number of location and charachters that they show you really low but they just made them perfect and pleasing to see.So,why i reccommend it if i was so harsh with it?(you may ask).Agin for the artwork around it and finally another thing taht i loved the topic chosen for this game,in my opinion,really really interesting and for the final part of the game where fginally things spices up a little and instead of blabbering useless word they finally narrate the real topic."
,Recommended,430960,32598228,Posted: 20 June,all,VirtualVisions,"God, this visual novel got to me.Got this game for half-price a little while back. Even so, this game is worth every penny regulary. The story is reminiscent to anime such as Plastic Memories and Chobits. While the writing can be considered simple and repetitive at times (especially in the beginning), it really does a good job of questioning the readers own thinking and opinions on what's happening in the story.While there aren't that many endings (an alternate and true), it seemed like there was more, as the game added onto itself with its extras. Just after I cried the first time, the game whips out a little more content, and soon the spoonfuls of tears become gallons.Overall, while this is considered a shorter visual novel, I think the experience it gave me makes the already small amount of money I spent on this game worth it. I highly recommend!!"
76561198163367527,Recommended,430960,32654662,Posted: 22 June,all,friedrice216,"~Spoiler Warning~ I write reviews from a general audience perspective to appeal to a general crowd.  If you don't like what I say then I apologize. There are a few spoilers but nothing major it's mostly my view of characters and the game.Lucy:  The Eternity She Wished For is a heartwarming game with a not so complex story.  It's my first visual novel, but I'd still say that it was well worth what I paid.  I liked the idea for the story since it's something that people have thought about since robots became popular.  The voice acting is nice, but the text can get a little weird as I am a nut for spelling.  Other than that the game is enjoyable.  Lucy is cute and her character is always pleasant and will have fans of the game wanting more.  The main character of the story is what bugged me, because it's one of those change of heart kind of characters where they make a complete 180 turn(at least from my experience because there are 2 endings to this game I believe with some bonus content).  The main character starts off as such a mean person for no reason.  There is no optimism with this guy.  As the story progresses however he finally came to be someone that I enjoyed playing as.  There aren't too many characters in this story however so the main character and Lucy are going to be the ones carrying this story along with help from other characters such as Mr. Gears(The friend), the father, and the weird repair shop owner.  Even with how the story plays along each chapter is divided by the repeated mention of the rules of robotics and I feel like it kind of takes you out of it a bit.  The game will always remind you that Lucy and her limits.The game wants you to be well aware of the fact that Lucy is an android, but she is very special and for the most part it does it's job well.  I found myself lost in Lucy and dumbfounded at some of the choices the main characters say.  The music is enjoyable and the aesthetics of the game look nice.  I'd score this game an 8/10.  It's a great game, I loved Lucy as a character, but there are some things I cannot recommend because of how the game is.  It's not that the game has any actual errors with it, it is a stable game, but the way the story is written out and such just leaves you feeling kind of empty at the end.I played this with the intentions of getting the ending that I would naturally get without making any concious decision of what the game would want or looking up guides.  I got the neutral/bad ending.  The only other ending is the true ending and I took a little peak at the guide for it just to see what I would have to do to get it and it seems like you probably wouldn't get it without a guide or without throwing caution completely out the window.I will be playing this repeatedly to get different endings, but I cannot deny that this game will throw you through a loop if you make the wrong choices.  It's still a great game and I would recommend it's purchase to anyone who enjoys drama anime/shows.  I can't call this one romance or romantic comedy just yet until I play through again, but it felt like the romance if there was any was one-sided because Lucy doesn't feel love.  She has admiration for the main character and she loves him as her master, but I never got a romantic sense from her.  I hope whoever buys this loves it to death though."
76561198044142531,Recommended,430960,32749295,Posted: 24 June,all,Chaos virus,"Lucy is an extremely well made visiual novel about a random shmuck with an extreme traditional upbrining in an ever evolving society who finds an abandoned android who is just a little different then the standard.-story: an amazing story with some nice twists and turns and some nice tought material about our own world-visuals: beautiful designs especially lucy, she has more expression then most other human protagonists , the backgrounds and other characters also look nice enough-soundtrack: beautiful with fitting parts for every momentrecommendation: absolute buy for avid novel readers and starting point for people new to the genreEmotional score : I am FEEL FEELER OF FEELS"
,Recommended,430960,32921739,Posted: 28 June,all,Flaycano_Feldt,"This whole visual novel has been an emotional rollercoaster for me. A very touching plot and interesting concept on robotics. If you are starting to get into visual novels, I'd reccommend buying this first!"
76561198029443510,Recommended,430960,33088833,Posted: 1 July,all,trukntigger,Picked up on steam summer sale.Did not expect much but...next I know clock says where time go?Very surprised how good this was and I want more.Would buy again without question.
,Recommended,430960,33254340,Posted: 4 July,all,Neutrino,"This is one of the few games I would recommend buying even while not on sale. The story is interesting throughout. AphilosophicalVN. If you like the sound of that, you will most likely enjoy this novel. I recommend it regardless."
,Recommended,430960,33380346,Posted: 8 July,all,Grennish,"Like other reviews have stated it carries a lot of existential meaning. Bought the game because I occasionally enjoy playing/reading a good visual novel and decided to get this one because of all the good reviews, and because the story sounded good to me. I DO NOT regret buying it, definitely worth playing through to get the true ending."
76561198040819247,Recommended,430960,33416121,Posted: 9 July,all,SCAMAZ,"There should be a top ten worst dads in anime list with the dad in this vn at number 1 worst dad.  Seriously, screw him.  Great story and great vn.  Worth the price."
76561198171247938,Recommended,430960,34393975,Posted: 21 August,all,master4gamer,"Lucy -The Eternity she wished for- at first glance on the store page may seem like some cheap game some indie put together. Lucy most certainly is not. I will tell you straight up that if you like games like To the Moon, you will most certainly love this story as well.Lucy is a visual novel and with that, there really isn't any gameplay. There are decisions you can make which will simply decide whether you get an achievement or not and not really the outcome of the decision with one singular exception. There is one point where you will get to investigate an area, but it feels very forced into an engine that was not built to support it and it clearly held the single purpose of unlocking an achievement. Furthermore, an annoyinging animation will play every time you finish talking during that segment. You can name your character, yet that name is never ever used which I found strange. Other than that, it is nice that they have a skip button.But enough of talking about the gameplay. We're all here to talk about the story. Lucy's story is very interesting. Taking place in the 2050's when robots have begun to take over the world, your character finds an android. Despite his hatred of androids, he takes her back and gets her repaired. To his surprise, Lucy Valentine is unlike an other android as she perfectly replicates a normal human being. As you can imagine, this has raised many interesting moral questions. Of course, most were directed towards androids. There were a few questions, however, directed towards humanity. Other than that, there were a few funny and a few emotional parts to the story. I found myself wanting to continue onward and I do promise that it will make you cry by the end. However, while I did love the end, I found that it made no sense whatsoever and I do wish they inserted a hug there. Another problem that I had with the story is that it constantly reminds you of the three laws of robotics and severely wish they had simply let the characters tell us the laws and it would have been fine (either that or else cut down on the reminder severely). As for it's length, it's pretty decent. It's long enough to be well worth your money.While the story was great, I fully believe that the strongest show of this game were the main characters (Specifically: You, Father, and of course Lucy). These are among the strongest video game characters that I've ever seen. Your character has a full payload of personality despite not having a face (or heck, a name). While Father is the main “villain” of this story, I found myself loving his character and what they did with him. Lucy was ADORABLE during the entirety of the story. I loved every action she took and I ill tell you that only a monster could not love her as well. I also loved the relationship between You (that's what the story called him so I'm going to call him You) and Lucy that played out and evolved throughout the story....Oh right! There are other characters as well! I'll tell you that me forgetting them isn't a big event event as I constantly forget smaller details. The side characters (Dr. Gears and the mechanic) weren't that bad. The reason why you could easily forget them is simply because of how good the main ones are. Dr. Gears was an interesting person, but I do wish he got a bit more in the story. The mechanic was pretty good and I did enjoy him for what he was worth.There is indeed voice acting!...but only for Lucy...and only in Korean or Japanese. I guess I'll accept there being no voice acting for You and Father and all the rest, but not in English!? They let a Japanese voice actor in so I don't get why they couldn't get an english one as well. Oh well. Despite it not being in english, I still enjoyed the voice acting.The music fit the mood of the scene, but that's it. The tracks weren't exactly memorable. You can very cheaply buy the soundtrack which includes a very nice cover as well as some of the art to represent its representative song. HOWEVER, I will warn you that there are only four songs included in this package (with one having three different variations). Granted, they are all good songs, yet I can't help but feel like that four songs couldn't have made up the entirety of the game. Buy it if you want, I won't stop you.Considering this is a VISUAL novel, graphics are probably important. I am happy to report that the graphics are pretty good, especially the CG ""cutscenes."" The characters look nice, the backgrounds look nice, and everything just fits very nicely.In the end, Lucy -The Eternity she Wished for- was such a joy to play and was well worth the money I spent into it. I had to give this game the score of I loved this game. It may have missteps here and there, but the characters made those problems irrelevant and I wholeheartedly recommend this to everyone -especially those who are interested in this game."
,Recommended,430960,34478314,Posted: 25 August,all,Danieljmwaters,"This is a very enjoyable short visual novel.The story is cliche and slightly bland but if you are interested in questions of the soul or what makes us human or not human this is an interesting read.This is by no means a top of the line contender in the VN scene which has many fantastic 40+ hour stories.It lacks depth and character building for the most part but it makes up for it in charm.  The issue comes at that point though, if the novel does not charm you then it will feel very very flat and make you wonder why many people seem to love it.It really comes down to how deep the question ""what makes us human and does it matter?"" is to you.If you feel it's a dumb question or you don't care to give it thought this visual novel won't stand on its own purely on the story, character likability or depth.Very much a ""what you put in you get out""  situation,  clearly not for everyone but I enjoyed it very much.Much of this enjoyment stemmed from my own thinking on humanity and what is really important more than from the visual novel itself.------------------Make up your own mind.DanielJMWaters."
,Recommended,430960,34545975,Posted: 27 August,all,RagedElm925,So far I am really enjoying the story. It reminds me a lot of Chobits.
76561198309213909,Recommended,430960,34561760,Posted: 28 August,all,DigiConjurer,"Just go and buy this game. Nothing I say in this box will be able to get across the true heart of this game. Though, right click from time to time. That way, you can save your game."
,Recommended,430960,34574741,Posted: 29 August,all,AyunaAni,"Rating:9/10graphics:9beautifully made characters and backgroundsmusic:9soundtracks suits well with the game atmospherestory:10unique and touching story; creative.content:10gives an in-depth feel of the charactercontrols:9playablePros: [/b ]Everything is near-perfect. Amazing and unique story. It tells a rather relatable scenario in the near-future;love between humans and androids. Overall, it's quite well-made.ConsDespite the near-perfect qualities. The interactivity with the player is kind of ""dry"" and doesn't really give the player choices to change the outcome that he wants.All-in-all, I highly recommend it!"
76561198292396782,Recommended,430960,23348041,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Kurocchi,"I found the game's story to be vast and wide. sure the story itself doesnt give you many options for a different approach, and sure you cant even be called by your real name(or made up). But the game itself is a pleasent feel to those new to visual novels. I would recommend this game at full price, or you could always wait till the next sale. Anyways, i found the art to be extremely cute (9.5/10), I found the story to be intresting (9/10), the games length is really good and it keeps you intrested (10/10). In my conclussion the game itself is 9.5/10Recommended"
76561198047642918,Recommended,430960,25899486,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Trooper_Shock,"phenomenal. Absolutely the most beautiful visual novel I have read in a long, long time. This game is worth every dollar and I recommend it to anyone and everyone.I can't praise it anymore highly. It is truly something else."
,Recommended,430960,25957280,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,XV,"""Я не знаю, действительно ли мы, люди, лучше чем андроиды.""""Я не знаю, какая часть человеческой природы делает нас лучше, чем Люси.""""Я уже не знаю.""Хорошая визуальная новелла с завораживающим саундтреком и  голосом Люси..Все начинается с того что некий парень с не очень-то приятным характером возвращается из школы, и дабы срезать путь, он решает обойти через свалку, но свалка необычная а для утилизированных роботов. И там он как раз и находит... Люси...Сначала ГГ начинает докучать своим эгоизмом и ненависти ко всему роботизированному, но потом все встает на круги своя.Спойлерить не буду, а только советую новеллу к покупке."
,Recommended,430960,28222441,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,rion,最初の場面で、ちょびっツのまんまじゃねぇかー、もといちょびっツを思い出されて、懐かしい気持になりました。まだ序盤だけど、とにかく雰囲気のいいVNです。セールで入手して正解でした。これからの展開が楽しみです。
76561198039367966,Recommended,430960,29655824,Posted: 2 February,all,Zaflis,"Here's a Lucy drinking game. Take a sip...... when you feel like crying even a little.... when the father appears.Anyway, there are some technical issues with the game's engine side when it comes to resolutions. If you have 2 monitors you have to settle with playing in small window. But for only a few hours long story and i quickly got used to what was in front of my eyes, it was quite a good experience. Definitely recommend for anyone who's interested in psychological sides of humans falling in love with robots. It covers a good amount of areas of the topic. If you were to ask me, i'd not hesitate to buy such an android.If you follow it through the end, don't forget to read the extra chapter too. It also continued a little further after the credits rolled over."
76561198183523011,Recommended,430960,29817161,Posted: 9 February,all,Ochibi13,"*looks at title of game*Got a feeling this one might have some feels to it.*plays game, weeps profusely*Yup. I was right.I would recommend this game for those people who like a short-ish VN with a focus on character development and attachment. I mean, in-game, it only takes-what, two weeks for the main story? Not a long game, took me 2 nights with work in between. Cute character, funny dialouge at times, decent side characters. Good game overall.And if you can predict what is going to happen just by the description and the title like me, don't let that deter you. This game may just surprise you..."
,Recommended,430960,30536968,Posted: 15 March,all,Tachibana Taki,"Define a smile that you must portect? Yes, Lucy Valentine is a robot that has a smile that is more worth protecting than our nuclear launch code in US and Russia.I just finished the game, and all I can advise you is, if you liked Plastic Memories, then I garantee you than you will love Lucy. No other exception. Its a game thats worth it. A game that is made to actually question our life and technology. A moral sotry with cuteness on it. 100/10"
76561198302309896,Recommended,430960,32245893,Posted: 7 June,all,aditya.1292,"I don't really write reviews..like ever. But goddamn was this game amazing. I'm an fps player, slow stories are not really my thing. But this game's narrative was better than any movie I've ever seen. You gotta get this game. Just.Do.It!"
,Recommended,430960,32277858,Posted: 8 June,all,Dominiqeu9,"This was Amazing, Just trust me give it a go. PS Play the extras after you finish the main story, you won't regretit"
,Recommended,430960,32559887,Posted: 19 June,all,NewbAF™,"I bought this game for the sake of buying something, since I have $10 in my steam wallet.My friend recommended this VN for me, although I'd never liked or played any before.But I gave it a try anyway.Guess what? IT WORTH EVERY SINGLE CENT.Pros:The plot is amazingThe dialogues are interesting.The characters are understandable and relatable.The art is simply magnificient.The way hidden features are revealed is really niceCons:Advancing dialogs feel kinda buggy sometimes.Recommendation: BUY IT! BUY THE HECK OUT OF IT. EVEN IF IT'S AT FULL PRICE!"
76561198199143025,Recommended,430960,32814354,Posted: 26 June,all,Makoto,"This game is the definition of short but sweet. for those that don't like to 100% visual novels. if you do like to 100% them, look forward to some great bonus scenarios. both parties are in for a hell of a ride in the feels department.ProsKickass art styledeep storymultiple endingsgreat way to learn the 3 laws of roboticsConsA little on the short sideConclusion100% worth the 10$ in my honest opinion, this game will make you remember it's name10/10 would gift to friend"
76561197993781094,Recommended,430960,33250278,Posted: 4 July,all,Fontanbleau,"The overwhelmingly positive reviews should say enough about the quality of this VN. Here are some obvservations from my play through that other reviews don't necessarily touch on:For me, a very quick reader, it took approximately 5 to 6 hours to finish.The choices you make do seem to matter, although this isn't strictly a choice-based game. There are a few different endings.There were no translation issues that I noticed. All the dialogue was complete without any syntax or grammatical problems.I am not a fan of comedy and it is extremely difficult for a game or movie to make me laugh; that being said, there were a couple times in this VN where the humor made me genuinely laugh. This is NOT a comedy novel by any stretch, but there is some witty humor in a couple places.Although this VN addresses some long-held questions about the nature of life, the soul, and artificial intelligence, the story is not cliche by any means. I wouldn't call the story philosophic either, but it does provide enough immersion to make you ponder these things.While there is a little of [what I like to call] ""protagonist frustration"" it is most certainly not enough to negatively affect my opinion at all. (""Protagonist frustration"" is what I call the common trope in VNs where the protagonist, often labelled as ""you"", acts or speaks in such a way that annoys the reader, especially because the protagonist is labelled as ""you"". The protagonist is occasionally rude or uncompassionate, but its not nearly enough to sour the reader of the VN. It's also a common feature of VNs, so I am not too put off by it.)The plot and artwork of the VN are fantastic and truly top-notch. The music is also good. The characters aren't necessarily deep but they do the job they have to in order to flesh out the plot. The voice acting for Lucy is also good.Overall, I'd recommend that, if you have any interest in VNs, to stop reading these reviews and to go ahead and buy it. It's seriously that good."
76561198112793014,Recommended,430960,33319005,Posted: 6 July,all,#dothedeed (metal coat),I will start writing the reviews after figuring out how to stop the tears ...
76561198131481432,Recommended,430960,33406709,Posted: 9 July,all,Sensei_Pong,"At the moment, I'm too tired to write a proper review. Just know this is one of the BEST Visual Novels I've played in recent history. Also, I may have to consider it to be on my top 10 sci-fis (I'm a Sci-fi buff, so I'm familiar with Asimov, Clarke, Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bradburry, the list goes on). I just spent all night playing. I'm tired, heartbroken, happy, sad, but fullfilled.Basic Stats include:Nakige VN - Sad, Emotional, and Thought Provoking.2.5 endings. A ""True"" Ending (Happy, all things considered), Extention Prologue, and Good/Neutral (but sad) Ending.Playtime - roughly 7 to 9 hours. Completionist, maybe 9 to 11.Holy crap, though... 10/10 for sure, unless I can really think of a flaw, but I can't.P.S. Getting the Good Ending with Epilogues are a cakewalk. Not convoluted. Good for a beginner IF player that wants a meaningful story. Otherwise... Those are my 3 Laws!! *Glitch* Jumpscare (cause I wasn't expecting it and I had headphones)"
,Recommended,430960,33450618,Posted: 11 July,all,Fireman6229,great game
,Recommended,430960,22804624,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sny_de_Treves,"Truly a masterpiece !I bought the game because of the question which the game is based on ""can an android have feelings ?"" and it was even better than what expected.The thinking about androids and their place among humans results in a story really interesting. The characters are endearing and the feelings are overflowing.I never thought I would be caught up in the story like that. The character development is really a thing. It begins slowly, with a grumpy character, and you ended finding yourself crying in front of your screen. Especially in the true end, that is way too satisfying !If you like emotional stories, you should totally get this game."
76561198218059079,Recommended,430960,29789993,Posted: 8 February,all,Fenris,"Lucy was a gift, and the more I think about it, more I'm telling myself that it was probably the best gift I've ever had on Steam.The emotions inside Lucy are, so intense, it was breathaking. I really don't find words to express how much I love this game. It's clearly worth his price, and even if you usually don't have time to play VNs, believe me, make time for this one.The game is pretty short, and that fact really instensified the game at a point where I didn't know how to get my feelings back together. The first time I finished the story, I made a 7 hours run. But getting all of the differents scenarios, achivements etc, around 14 hours. I've got Lucy at 100% now, and I can finally die in piece. ^o^//I really, trully, recommend this game. It's obviously one of my favorite VNs.And thanks again to my dear boyfriend for that wonderful present !"
76561198292234426,Recommended,430960,32800562,Posted: 25 June,all,ミッツー,きれいな絵　日本語ボイス　心が安らぐBGMどれも最高です　でもオートモードがないのが残念です
76561198152142754,Recommended,430960,34713368,Posted: 3 September,all,Fondlesaurus,"Ouch, my feelings. Really good VN, would recommened. Between 4-8 hours of reading based on your speed. Lucy is an amazing character and was brought to life incredibly well. 9/10"
76561198082827538,Recommended,430960,34849484,Posted: 9 September,all,kewl_aire,This was a really good visual novel that highly exceeded my expectations. I recommend for anyone even if they don't like visual novels. This is one I'm glad I didn't pass up.
,Recommended,430960,32340080,Posted: 11 June,all,...,"I will keep it simple and quick, It's a masterpiece15/10"
,Recommended,430960,32570835,Posted: 19 June,all,EncryptedXing,"This was my first Visual Novel and from finishing it, it definently deserves a 10/10.What a happy ending."
,Recommended,430960,33112810,Posted: 1 July,all,Marzrack,"This is an experince that you should not miss out on, get it... now, you won't regret it"
76561198312351826,Recommended,430960,34560154,Posted: 28 August,all,Lucifer,"One of the best VN I played, beautiful artwork and a very good story. A masterpiece if I may. Everything is well placed and combined into a game you'll hard forget. This is a story that must be heard or read. Worth every cent and more."
76561198194222899,Recommended,430960,35246016,Posted: 27 September,all,Axonn,literally the best VN i have ever read definetly recommend ita feelstrip of the best kind! 9/10
,Recommended,430960,29981490,Posted: 17 February,all,phurios,"I just ended this game and i can say that, if you really like VN, please, give this a try, it felt like a true masterpiece. I really don't know what to say anymore because it is that good. Worth every Cent of those ten bucks that it costed me. HELL, i even feel bad for being so cheap! So ye!PS: After dozen of games and other VN i bought and played, this is the first game i had to make a review about. Sorry that i can't write many details but i am sure other people already did."
,Recommended,430960,32212964,Posted: 5 June,all,Leon,"Its a realy good game with wonderful BGM and exquisite drawing. For the story, the plot is not so complex like a novel or anime but its realy touching. At the end of story, I cannot control my tears..."
76561198078758973,Recommended,430960,22828368,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bragnezam,"Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For- is most likely one of the best visual novels I have ever read, it gets you heavily invested in the story and characters and can even bring you tears when something horrible happens. I would recommend this visual novel to anyone who enjoys robots or the idea of living with/or amoungst robots."
76561198396165911,Recommended,430960,32470490,Posted: 16 June,all,Chaelotte,本当にこのゲームが好き、最後まで感動します
,Recommended,430960,32485253,Posted: 16 June,all,Rem ♥ 水瀬 いのりWishing,"This story contains a whole load of lessons which shows the soft side of humans and the dark side of the humans.This Korean VN is really a must have.PS: I think Lucy calling the Main Character ""Onii-chan"" instead of ""Master"" would've been perfect. xdApparently a tragedy happens here, so grab a tissue while you're at it."
76561198073703114,Recommended,430960,27477687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PetchZi,ถ้าไม่อยากเสียน้ำตา อย่าซื้อ
76561197991245379,Recommended,430960,29574293,Posted: 29 January,all,Darknight,"I would most certainly recommend to buy this Visual Novel, even if you don't normally read them. It made me laugh, smile, cry, think, and ponder.Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is certainly an amazing, though short by comparison, Visual Novel. I have no regrets about buying this VN, nor do I have any regrets about shedding tears of sadness and tears of joy over this VN.Thank you Modern Visual Arts Laboratory and SEO INSEOK for creating this to where the international communities can enjoy it."
76561198093207825,Recommended,430960,32119400,Posted: 1 June,all,Rynjathyn,"A wonderful VN, the story is written extremly well and I found myself enjojyng it immensily. The story is very capturing, and the characters are easy to understand. I still need to do at least one more play-though to see how much the story differs depending upon player choice, but it is defentily good at captuing the readers attention."
,Recommended,430960,32273040,Posted: 8 June,all,Tears of Cyanide,"For a visual novel it was beautifully made. There are 2 diffrent endings(That I've read) and the characters will both make you fall in love with them and also want to punch them in the gut.. over and over again.People who have played ""Mad Father"" may reconize some popular music used in RPG Maker alot of the time. Although the one thing I didn't really understand is that this game has cards, backgrounds, emojis..etc.. but not Achievements. In-Game achievements yeah; but nothing for Steam itself. I hope the dev plans on adding this soon."
,Recommended,430960,32323878,Posted: 10 June,all,xiv,"Funny I thought I would never spend money on a visual novel. I had a couple bucks left over from buying other things and I thought I would give this a try. I can say, this visual novel got me hooked. It was well worth my money. I've only just started on this but this looks really good."
76561198152809436,Recommended,430960,32345899,Posted: 11 June,all,ProDeniz5,The Feelings that I have experienced by playing this game... words just cant describe it. Definitely 10/10.
,Recommended,430960,32419264,Posted: 14 June,all,✪Spyde3r,"This is the Best...Just finished the main game, got the true ending...;-;"
,Recommended,430960,32551119,Posted: 18 June,all,awesomeandrew169,"Have you ever watched the anime ""Plastic Memories"", but hoped for a happy ending? Interested in a world full of androids? A really enthralling and touching story?Whatever it is, this is an AMAZING visual novel!! You cover all ranges of emotion, come to relate to and love the characters, and feel all the ups and downs of their story. This was my first visual novel, so I didn't know what to expect. If you're looking for the characters to be in motion whilst the dialect is being uttered, reading the translation underneath, well... you can read the dialogue, but if you want the characters to be moving, go watch an anime.That is NOT to say that this game's artists didn't make BREATHTAKING visuals!! Wow, I was taken away by their high quality alone. From there, prepare for your heartstrings to be pulled, because you will absolutely smitten by the story. However, that said, please make sure that you don't complete it all in one sitting (it's quite extensive).For only $9.99, and how much quality you are getting for that price, why are you still reading this review?? Go download it now, and dive in to the amazing world of Lucy- The Eternity She Wished For."
,Recommended,430960,33240919,Posted: 4 July,all,Q♪,"Lucy ~ The Eternity She Wished For~Just buy it, Ive completed this game after 12 hours spend.This VN shows the one of the greatest example of a well written dialogue and really grabs the feels.Many of you would think this will be another emotions train, but trust me this one is diffrent.The story was amazingly crafted where it exceed all my expectation and beyond. I dont really know how to put it into words, the everything was nicely blend together even the music soundtrack creates the great in game atmosphere.Joy, Sorrow, Anger, Sad, Happiness, Love and all sorts of emotions is what descibe us as humans, sometimes we are naive because we are superior, but this game will make u think again and reflect on yourself. Furthermore, it delivers a very good message and for sure will leave a huge impact after u completed the entire game.Kudos to the developer, a really well thought game! Everything at the end of the game was all unexpected. Thanks for making this game, It just made my day!And to Lucy -The Eternity she Wished For- A simple, short and mind blown absolute masterpiece for me. 11/10 which I rarely give to a visual novel. Beyond expectation! and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my feelings."
76561198055670132,Recommended,430960,33436239,Posted: 10 July,all,hurricanemike007,"I've always liked stories and games involving androids, particulary humanoid ones.  I find the philosophy and ethics surrounding them to be nothing short of fascinating.  So, after being introduced to, and enjoying Emily is Away, I decided to see what Steam had for visual novels.  After some searching, Lucy went on my wishlist and I eventually purchased it when it went on sale, where it sat in my library for several months.  Over the past couple of days, I went through Lucy's storyline and I could point out where I believe it has flaws, because it has a few here and there, but I'm not going to.  That's because everything else about the experience completely overshadowed any negatives I could nitpick at.  It's a touching story with both humor, sadness, and happiness that makes you think.  In addition, being a visual novel, the artwork and soundtrack only enhance the experience.  In particular, the soundtrack is absolutely beautiful.  The only thing to reinforce to anyone curious about this game is that it really isn't a game, per se.  It's a book enhanced with audio and visuals and an admittedly uncommon dialogue choice peppered about for some interactivity.  So, if you're curious about trying out a visual novel for yourself, look no further, because Lucy was truly a rewarding experience.RATING:  A"
,Recommended,430960,24285975,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,☆Yakusoku☆,"What an lovely heart-filled visual novel! I hate to admit this but, this story about a soulless object actually make me cry and think about my whole existence. PLEASE DONT JUDGE this beautiful artwork. You might hate this game becuase of the ending or characters. but I promise you that IT will play out at the end!~THANK YOU FOR THIS GAME"
,Recommended,430960,25419883,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PhiNic has G00D PING,Gave me feels. I have never cried in a visual novel before.I never known that there was a happy end to the game before.Its a great VN I loved it and its worth playing all over again.
76561198077357517,Recommended,430960,22819708,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Machine Gun Steal,"10/10, an amazing journey from begining to end.This game made me cry. I'm not cryer, I've cried twice while playing video games: This is the second time, the first was Metal Gear Solid V. This ♥♥♥♥ed me up reaaaaaaaaaaaaaal bad. The writing is superb and the characters are relatable and complex. I would recommend this to anybody who doesn't mind their heartstrings getting plucked at. 10/10 But I don't think I can even look at it ever again. I'm getting all misty-eyed again,♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,430960,30323850,Posted: 4 March,all,RedGlitchFox,"A cute game that surprisingly doesn't end up with youDating LucyJust a cute story that asks questions of morality and your view on life.In the end, you don't get to be arobosexualsadly, but still good."
,Recommended,430960,24126436,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,InkedMoonTiger,"Overall, it was a good vn. Personally, I thought the ending was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and depressing. No desire to play more than once. It had an iRobot vibe mixed with teenage issues in the the year 2050. Purchased on Steam Sale."
,Recommended,430960,22245542,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Patche /HxPs/,10/10Would cry again.
76561198005846212,Recommended,430960,23315609,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,BakaSchwarz,Holy android in heaven! This was an emotional rollercoaster!That was the kind of visual novel i have wished for.
,Recommended,430960,23401140,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Vampy,"10.5 hours of reading, exploring all possibilities, and sitting back to enjoy the music and the adorable voice actress?Worth: $9.99The feelings and emotional turmoil this game puts you through?Worth: PricelessJust buy the game already man. You know you want to."
,Recommended,430960,29465571,Posted: 24 January,all,L-713ie3LI\!3M(%^B^&I1578e,"This VN is just wonderful.This was my first VN experience, and it was a blast. What triggered me to get this was that beautiful soundtrack played on the trailer and it forced me to buy it. The soundtrack/story/voice acting, everything about it is beautiful. The sci-fi themed UI matched really well with the game. For a cold hearted person like me, to have a slight tears in my eye is shocking.In short, loved this game into pieces that I wish Lucy was real everytime I wake up. :PI'll give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,430960,32170177,Posted: 4 June,all,Snekrophiliac,H I G H L Y R E C O M M E N DI honestly loved every second of this amazing game this game was a rollercoaster of emotions I had been wanting to buy this game for a long time and finally bought it and i dont regret it for even a second ( i shoul've bought it sooner )It was such a beautiful story that was really well scripted ( like holy ♥♥♥♥ did they take their time into writing this game )The soundtrack is phenomenal The characters were very human like it showed 2 sides of people when it comes toco-existing with Androids which i thought was a very good move to better show development for the charactersThis game is without a doubt one of the better VN's on steam and for a great price  the creators of this game did a very good job making this game10/10
,Recommended,430960,23150137,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,woot,"~~ No spoiler ~~When I bought Lucy I didn't exceptMuch from it. I thought it wouldsomething that I would slowly chipaway at in between league queues.That being said this is one of themost compelling story lines I haveseen. The characters, art, and plotare all amazing. I haven't cried likethis in a very long time. I think theOST might have gotten to me alittle bit.9/10 I loved it."
76561198063341370,Recommended,430960,28737018,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Intelligent_Mechanism,"Where to begin... First off I must say this VN really impressed me with some of the topics it brings up and how it causes the reader to think deeply on some of them. The emotional story leaves more than just the remembrace of a well told or relational series of events, it leaves memories of the characters, the time period, and the relationships within. It may even cause some to refect on their own views of human and machine ethics.So if you still wonder if I recommend this VN, the answer is a crystal clear, Yes. If I were to rate my personal enjoyment with this story, it would be a 10/10, I won't be needing a heart blanket this winter."
76561198376795626,Recommended,430960,31159758,Posted: 15 April,all,holiziaty,"The game is very meaningful for everyone who bought it.The story is not so long that we don't need much time to finish the dramatic plot.But when we passed the game,we would think of lucy and try imaging the eternity she wished for.In summary,'LUCY'is a wonderful game and is worth to have."
,Recommended,430960,31880795,Posted: 21 May,all,Head Hunter,"This VN is one of the best they have out there and definitelymy favourite one. The story is rather short and can be conpleted within 4 hrs but the story is excellent, pls try this game and i assure u that it is worth every cent. I will no doubt rmb the memories i have with Lucy."
,Recommended,430960,31905823,Posted: 22 May,all,Biddin | ビディン,"It's a great story coupled with such amazing characters, despite how sadistic the main character seems to be at times."
,Recommended,430960,33622093,Posted: 17 July,all,Shady,"I am not visual novels and anime fan, but damn, this game was freaking awesome, it's hard to see tears on my eyes, but Lucy did it.10/10Good Job Modern Visual Arts Laboratory, keep it up."
,Recommended,430960,31833206,Posted: 18 May,all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"long story, very touching, first game made me cry.this story teach us no matter how far between a couple,at the final they will meet each other again no matter what happen."
,Recommended,430960,34331785,Posted: 18 August,all,YuriSeagull,JUST DON'T THINK TWICE AND BUY THIS GAME !!! NOW !!!
,Recommended,430960,33488292,Posted: 12 July,all,RapperGerste,I'm at a loss of words.One of the best Visual Novels by far.All there is left now is to remember.The eternity she wished for.
,Recommended,430960,26310032,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"this is the first korean VN i have ever play. to put it bluntly this VN do give you choice which does not make sence since it is the one route way to the same ending. lucy will eventually die at the end but recover back by MC. and it was the MC that make lucy the way she was and i was shock the MC is lucy creator,it was a time loop i assume to go back time to fix things with with MC father. The VN was short though but totally worth every single peny i spend althought i do dislike the MC father who could be cruel at time. the script are very well made but the downside of this game is only Lucy were given VA.other character are completely have no VA at all. art are a lil dull at time but hey at least korean do make quite a good VN.asside from that there is no steam archivement to make you fell satisfy about it which is quite a bummer since i like archivement so much. you can get archeivement in game only and the trading card are a nice option to have for anime card collector.i really can vouch for the game with my wallet since it was funny and sad at a time. they could have make this VN better if there is multiple choice."
,Not Recommended,430960,29121578,Posted: 8 January,all,KDamage,"Like everyone I read the overwhelming positive steam reviews and all the tears they cried, which picked my curiosity. Let's get to the point : the story is not that bad, picking on family issues, devotion, loneliness, and the inevitable question about what androids will be when they'll break the affection barrier.The problem is how the overall package chosed to capitalize both on the ""perfect careful girlfriend"" and the""perfect housewoman of your dreams"", rather than less naive and more meaningful moments. The ultimate impression is to play an unassumed dating simulator with a futuristic makeup.It might work like a charm if you're a young, shy, very romantic guy (like the main character), but if you're in the more mature audience, don't expect as much excitement as the extremely positive reviews. It was quite a relaxing moment, though."
76561198007320532,Recommended,430960,21676026,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,doncaster287,"Whilst short I would still very much recomend this game. Like any good story involving A.I. it makes you question the nature of your own mind and if it really is impossible for a machine to have a soul? Is there any difference between one born of nature and a highly complex artificial creation? One was built in a lab, one in a womb, both learn but in different ways. Must you form your own emotions for them to be valid? Do humans realy form thier own emotions and wills as we might think? Or is it all down to conditioning? Is free will required? Do humans even have free will? What is the nature of free will? What constiutes a soul? Does it even matter if your friendships are with artificial creations, perhaps devoid of a soul, if what they give you is better than anything men of flesh and blood have been giving you? All of these questions and more are asked in this well told story and like some of the best sci fi it does not tell you the answer. It provides you with facts, it provides you with varying opinions, and then it lets you make up your own mind and both sides are valid.From a technical standpoint the game is well constructed, artwork solid and I did not encounter any bugs. But this game is made or broken on it's writing and the writing is solid. Full of emotion, charm, funny breaks at the right moments as an emotional release and a strange sense of foreboding even under the happiest scenes. This game grabs at your heart. It borrows heavily from Asimov in terms of concepts but that is no bad thing and it provides an engaging and fresh aproach to the questions Asimov posed and which still do not have full answers.In short, it will make your laugh, it will make you cry, it will make you think. The only complaint is that I wish that it was longer and in all honesty, that's not a complaint at all."
76561198007850719,Recommended,430960,23197660,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jim866,"well.... this is an interesting little poison apple.A vn with only a few choices with even fewer that make any real alteration to the ending, and its fairly short.That said it is very well written, the graphics are very good and the sound is well above average.The story is the main selling point of this one, the story gives you a feeling much akin to when very attractive woman starts sweet talking to you in a bar and then asks you to walk her home; As your walking through the parking lot she turns around and kicks the living whatsit out of you and as you slowly bleed to death she gently strokes your face telling you its all going to be ok.Well worth giving it a go"
76561198160206552,Recommended,430960,29088500,Posted: 7 January,all,Chewy32Eh Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,Whirr!
,Recommended,430960,29581628,Posted: 30 January,all,Broken,"Androids are created by humans, they don't have any real personaly, they're only like that becuase we humans programed it into them, but what if, what if theirs another stronger being out there that created us humans? something like a God. If this God created us and made us the way we are, then doesn't that make us the same as androids? is our own personaly even real?It doesnt matter where my feelings come from, if my feelings were able to make someone happy, it'll also make me happy.OUA OUA OUA....got hit right in the kokoro, Lucy is a Korean visual novel, we have the chocie of Korean audo or Japanese, but being the weaboo I am I went with the Japaense audio. It doesn't take much for make to love the voice acting, the voice acting is brillaient, well at least the Japanese was. The game itself has really great OST, I myself really enjoied all the piano OST, when just opening the game and the main manu song starts playing with it's soft melody like song, one can tell this series will probally hit you with a bit of the feels.I found that the characters were not the most enjoiable part of the game, I struggled finding myself liking the MC of this game, very few devoplment, although it feels like he'll grow into a better character with the help of Lucy, but he seems to always fall out of devoplment, his character could had used more devoplment, there was a lot of potental for him to develop but it seems like most of it was thrown away.Although the story was quite obvous from the get go, I enjoyed it quite a lot. Most of us in our life time will go thourgh a rebellious age and encounter family issue, rather we fix the issue or not comes down to ourself.Lucy isn't just your normal visual novel you find out there. Everytime I play a game I feel like there is always something we can learn from these characters and story from the game and I sure did learn something, I sure hope you will enjoy and learn something as much as I did."
,Recommended,430960,22786297,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ventuswill,"The Three Laws of Robotics1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.2. A robot must obey orders given it by the being who holds authority except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.-Issac Asimov"
,Recommended,430960,29347475,Posted: 18 January,all,Troik,"was just looking for a relaxing read, but got a bit more then I bargained for. damn those onion-cutting ninjas."
76561198200512163,Recommended,430960,29384504,Posted: 20 January,all,BlueQbe,Very good visual novel worth buying. Story is about 6.5Hr long with all unlocable sections.A touching story that gets serious towards the end. 8/10.
,Recommended,430960,28861106,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Norikiyo,An absolutley wonderful Visual Novel.Althought it´s a relativly short one (about 5hours) it´s a must read for Visual Novel fans.11/9
76561198121206088,Recommended,430960,29245088,Posted: 14 January,all,Black_Fang,"Probably one of the most emotional games I've ever played. The player character finds an Android, an almost human like robot. After conflicting thoughts, takes it with himself. His father hated android because of which he did as well. But that changes with his discovery of Lucy, a top of the line android. Also leading to conflict with his father. A must buy even if you don't play visual novels or JRPGS. Won't regret it."
,Recommended,430960,32398193,Posted: 13 June,all,no sound,"ㅤㅤ           ㅤ      ㅤ           Pull out your heartㅤㅤ         To make the being aloneㅤㅤ               Easy, easyㅤㅤ       You break the bridals to meetㅤ    ㅤ              Losing controlㅤㅤ        Crushed for your holy soulㅤㅤ           Concealed and coldㅤㅤ               Easy, easyㅤㅤ           Burn all your thingsㅤㅤ        To make the fight to forgetㅤㅤ               Easy, easy                ㅤㅤ          🔥"
76561198095879008,Recommended,430960,22385795,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Malvakin,"Very good game, no glitches from my initial play through. Has a very impressive story that creats many of the feels. For 10$ you really cant go wrong with this game, it has everything you need in a visual novel."
,Recommended,430960,22623494,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,toxicity,"if youre looking for a feels-trip, this is the VN for you. it is somewhat short, between 6-9 hours depending on if you want full completion and or how fast you read it.OK lets get to my review...this story line is very well written, it really packs a punch if you have been through similar family circumstances, even if you haven't your experience would not differ much.the scenes are quite visually appealing, as well as the characters. the art style is quite nice and it matches well with the tone of the storythe main character is a bit of an A-hole to lucy but you soon find out why he is the way he is. finding that out adds to the feels of the story, you will soon notice the conflict within the main character.lucy is a charming yet innocent character so innocent i got slightly annoyed; but in the end (if you can) you'll realise what her ""deal"" is, to put it one way.... its more than meets the eye (thats corny i know).THE ENDING IS AMAZING. it is, the first one, not so much...you'll realise which one im talking about when you see it, but the second ""true"" ending is.you will cry, you will feel for the characters, you will get angry and you will feel happy. maybe all within about an hour, but that depends on the reader. either way, this VN is amazing10 out of 10 go thru this emotional rollercoaster again."
,Recommended,430960,22812868,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Saito クロ,"I really loved this game, I got all achievements and extras, got the true end and the bad end, all the history and all the extras... Really touched my heart, when his father put fire in Lucy... I paused the game and went to talk to my friends all upset. XD   I read the messages that the creators and designers of the game have left, these messages really touched my heart and motivated me to study for a day do as good a game like this. I highly recommend the game! They could also have invented an extra where you could see the children of protagnist and Lucy but I think some people would think, ""Human He made love to an android, that sucks"" or something like that XD"
,Recommended,430960,22475662,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mandz,"I’ll try to keep spoilers to a minimum, but I might ramble on for a bit. So…An emotionally compelling VN in wherein the story revolves around a boy who finds an abandoned robot in the junkyard. It’s a story capable of sending you in for a ride on a rollercoaster of emotions as it tackles the long-contemplated idea of “a robot being advanced enough to pass for a human” and how ‘she’ can find their place in a world when some people are not onboard with having her around. It’s a very polished visual novel that combines amazing aesthetics with a well written story that hooks you in and doesn’t let go!StoryAs with most visual novels, the story unfolds in a text-based manner, occasionally showing character sprites to help reflect their emotions visually as well as show crisp backgrounds to convey the locations. Animations are kept to a minimum, so as to not to distract from the reading experience, but still allow liveliness when a particular scene calls for it.There’s also points in the game where it pauses and allows you to make decisions. After a few playthroughs, I noticed that some of the decisions doesn’t really impact the story that much, and while I was initially disappointed by the linearity, I quickly learned that it’s because the game simply took the effect of decisions in another direction: the decisions only affect how a certain scene plays out and mainly serves to show different reactions in respect to the characters currently in the scene. Add to the fact that this game eventually gives you extra content from the main screen as you unlock more scenes and you’ll find yourself replaying the story to find different scene outcomes and be rewarded with side stories.And yes, the side stories. After finishing the story for the first time, you will find yourself having access to additional content that are just as equally heartwarming (and sometimes heartrending) as the main storyline. This side stories also provide more flavor and color to the rest of the game while supplementing some information not apparent on the main story.Overall, a complete and satisfying experience.CharactersThe main cast is quite small actually, but vary enough in opinions, and character that they don’t feel redundant, one can even say that the number of characters in the story has been kept to an absolute minimum, since the story is told from the perspective of a normal person living a normal life. The circle of people around the player character carries different views with regards to technology, androids and discusses it to explore the game’s central theme from different angles.In relation to the linearity of the game mentioned earlier, another good thing it added to the game is that it allowed the main character to have a certain degree of personality (despite being controlled by the player) as the decisions do not deviate too much from the main plot. Because of this, you are then given a front row seat as he changes from a person who completely despises machines and technology, to someone who forms a tight bond with his android as the titular character’s kindness, friendliness, and (sometimes irrational) selflessness slowly wins him over. It’s the wonderfully executed interactions between them that just make you care about them and gets you invested in what happens next.SoundSo far, only the titular character is voiced across all the scenes though it is quickly compensated by the surreal, brilliant performance of her voice actors (both Korean and Japanese, and you can switch between them on the fly!). The voice acting singlehandedly gives Lucy life as well as allow a deeper level of immersion in the story as you read on. Add to it the background music that shifts, changes, and pauses depending on the current mood and you’ll find yourself in the moment along with the characters without ever being distracted by the seamless way everything works together.TechnicalI’ll be honest, I don’t really feel like I have to talk about the technical stuff – as bugs, if serious, will eventually be ironed out. But I guess it might help sharing some of my observations while I’m getting the game to run.Game’s folder size is 846MB, not sure if it would very across different steam installations. But I may have to say this is a reasonable size, considering the game’s relatively humble scope. For users with moderate internet speed, this means that downloading the game from scratch would take from 25mins to 1hour, guaranteeing immediate startup.I’ve read from some other users that they experience crashes while trying to run the game. I didn’t see my share of that thankfully (or maybe the issue was fixed when I got the game). The closest I got to an error was a single, crash-to-desktop moment when I was clearing multiple save files one after another, and I didn’t encounter it since.Probably the only thing that bothered me was the fact that the Saves folder location is placed directly on the game folder, along with a single “Config.nkenv” that tracked both achievements and unlocks (as pointed out by developer ‘eeenseok’ on acommunity post). I haven’t personally tested it yet, but this may mean that the save files will be the same across multiple users on the same computer (it’s not like I mind sharing my save progress, but this a genre that derives merit by avoiding spoilers to users who are just about to test out the game for themselves, especially on a computer in which a friend may have previously played on before and has already unlocked crucial parts of the story).That, or I’m missing anything regarding the Saves folder – in that case, just ignore what I said. :DAll in all, I’d like to thank MVIZLAB for bringing -Lucy, The Eternity She Wished For- on Steam. I wish the best for you guys, and may you guys become very successful as a company! Cheers~On a sidenote: Any chance for the missed Kickstarter target (the 25k one) content to be released as DLC? Because .... you know, just sayin :D"
,Recommended,430960,30178970,Posted: 25 February,all,TSF~,LUCY IS TOO GOOD!PROTECT
,Recommended,430960,21798143,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wos290,Definitely one of the best VNs I have ever played.
,Recommended,430960,23577807,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,LittleJayBerry,"I loved it, but I'm so depressed. Please make a second one. I don't want it to end this way.. there's so many unanswered questions.."
,Recommended,430960,31024488,Posted: 8 April,all,`FREEZE -,Cute characterCute storyCool cool cool 10/10
,Recommended,430960,33140122,Posted: 2 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"I'm not even going to write a meme review, this VN straight up broke me like twice, so sad but also happy Q_Q"
76561198008171069,Recommended,430960,33546988,Posted: 14 July,all,Waldo Ω,Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-My Love for robots has increased to level 81.  8/10
,Recommended,430960,24193278,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,WinterArtemis,"OMG!! This game made me cry more than any game ever, and I loved it :)I'd recomend this to any visual novel lover or anyone interested in a visual novel game. This game/novel had great pacing and not too many descisions. Perfect for anyone new to visual novels. It's so good :D10/10 Would Cry A Lot Again"
76561198008406223,Not Recommended,430960,25909014,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Red Angel,"Finished the game once and i found it, meh.I was expecting an interesting perspective on interaction between people and androids, maybe some philosophical or ethical moments. But nope. Well it “had” few of those moments but i found them to be very bare (not even scratching the surface).Instead the story instead turned to be about other problems that the main character has, the interaction with robots felt unnecessary.The characters I found to be very difficult to relate to. They were very shallow with no character development. At few moments it seamed like there was more to them but the very next screen they do an 180 back to their bland stereotype."
,Recommended,430960,31069513,Posted: 10 April,all,minejjchase,i stayed up until 4:30 AM 2 nights in a row because i was so touched by this VN's story. this is my favorite VN and i definatedly recomend it
76561198272963218,Recommended,430960,31210691,Posted: 17 April,all,terratrooper64,this was WAY worth the purchus and then some. this reminds me a lot of animes like chobits. i give this game  10/10! would love to see an anime adaptation of this like the creators of nekopara did!
,Recommended,430960,31454810,Posted: 29 April,all,Nҽσ,"Almost cryed towards the end, thats how good this VN is, please give it a chance you wont regret it"
,Recommended,430960,31576602,Posted: 6 May,all,Stratos,10/10In my opinion its the best visual novel of all time.
76561198388447157,Recommended,430960,33321345,Posted: 6 July,all,Rem,This VN is really one of the best out there on Steam.
,Recommended,430960,34141604,Posted: 10 August,all,Misfortune™,"First of all, I very much like anime, particularly, anime and manga related things. So some of my opinions, likes, and dislikes, may be biased depending on this infatuation with the anime genre, I suppose you could call it. Now, this game was originally developed by Korean developers if I'm correct, so this may or may not count in this case. (I really don't care much for Korean things like K-Pop, K-Dramas, but I have no particular bias towards any animation or mangas they may crank out.)This game nearly made me cry. Nearly. The combination of music, voice acting (though what some may consider cringey and foreign), and beautiful art set an excellent emotional atmosphere. This, in fact, gave the usually overdone premise some depth. I do not know if the developer's intended on this or not, but it gave the illusion that the developers intended on conveying some sort of deep message or premise rooted in their game.The art. The art was excellent. Even though it was the usual, 'Use minimal design during scenes which aren't of relevance, and go all out during important scenes', it felt very genuine and looks like it took a lot of time and care to create. Even the tears looked beautiful. And that's saying something!The music, though somewhat cliche of an atmospheric visual novel, was very enjoyable. I have to admit, I really like the music that plays in the first chapter before you stumble upon a certain silver-haired robotic heroine. I really only have to say I like it.(SPOILERS BELOW)Lastly, I really don't have any complaints about characters, character motivations, or anything like that. All the characters had motivations of some kind, trivial or not, which made their goals very believable. Though it's hard to think one month with an android could make someone drop their beliefs held for almost 18 years. Then work another 15 just to save her? He must be very determined.Small things like An Old Man's Wish, along with it's upgraded counterpart really helps to qualm the (obviously intentional) dislikeableness of the father.One complaint though. What the heck did mr protagonist's mom look like? And what was he having a nightmare about? I hate unanswered questions, but it's not as if you were aiming to create an expansive universe with the game.Thank you for these 8 hours. They've been great. I definitely recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,430960,30949549,Posted: 4 April,all,Ostrich,"It's a really good game. Before this, visual novels kind of bored me. After playing this, however, I immediately thought ""well, not I need to buy more visual novels!"". The only bad part about this game is that it repeats the three laws of robotics way too much. I'm pretty sure I won't be forgetting the three laws of robotics anytime soon.If you want a generic game review, here you go:Cons:-repetitive 3 laws of roboticsPr"
76561197990562257,Recommended,430960,31161095,Posted: 15 April,all,BW,"What can I say, I went on an emotional roller-coaster. What a fantastic visual novel."
,Recommended,430960,32279496,Posted: 8 June,all,Nameless9182,"it's quite short(6-7 hours) so unless you have money and don't know what to do with it or if it's on sale like it was for me it's not your best option. that being said it's still well thought outPersonal opinion: for me this at the start was rather mediocre and really only gets emotional in the ""true"" ending but i find it difficult to sympathsize so this most likely won't be the case for most peopleprofessional opinion: the main charecter is very average (assumed average for sci-fi setting). The plot revolves around the fact that you, as the MC has a direct relation with the ""calamity"" of the story and Lucy, the heroine is suppose to solve this calamity. this forms a large bond between the heroine and the MC or if you are really immersive, you. NOTE: this is the approach the dev's were taking with this game and for seven hours of gameplay all scenes were well thought out and well formatted to make you bond with lucy."
76561198215538593,Recommended,430960,33274298,Posted: 5 July,all,LocalDrugDealer,This is one of the best visual novel games I have ever played.これは、一番のゲームだから、必ず買ってみてください
,Recommended,430960,34631305,Posted: 31 August,all,NT.Revenge of L30s,"This VN is great,but--- SPOIL WARNING----it take all of my tear  :'("
76561198268905863,Recommended,430960,29524831,Posted: 27 January,all,lovatic,"Amazing, incredible, astonishing!! Absolutely wondrous plot with beautiful art, will definitely recommend if you're into anime-type games. :) Definitely worth it!"
76561198043787903,Recommended,430960,32285170,Posted: 9 June,all,fatso catso,You are doing yourself a great disservice if you've yet to read this visual novel
76561198023044078,Recommended,430960,33472898,Posted: 11 July,all,Doctor Flambe,"Honestly the high rating is well worth the price of admission, this game is fantastic. The story is just wow. Avoid spoilers and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,430960,33466698,Posted: 11 July,all,Nori Hayashi,"Suprisingly good vn, was far better than i was excpecting."
76561198157286335,Recommended,430960,28154442,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,amgry fish holding juice,"Wow.I'm truly left at a loss for words.Never have I been moved to such an extent by a visual novel, or really any story - especially of this length. ""Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For -"" somehow manages to weave together such a beautifully heartrending tale of love, forgiveness, and acceptance all while subtely prompting the player to contemplate a question that is becoming increasingly relevant in today's society: ""At what point does Artificial Intelligence qualify as human?"" ""Where can that distinction be made?""I don't intend to rob any readers of this review of the whole experience, so I won't go on about any of the story. I will simply say this: If you are looking for a game that will truly move your heart, buy ""Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-"". Take my word for it: Not even the most hardened of VN veterans will be exempt from clouded vision and flushed cheeks by the end of this story."
,Recommended,430960,33661427,Posted: 19 July,all,Seloxia,A thought provoking and emotional visual novel that left me in tears.
,Recommended,430960,31158408,Posted: 15 April,all,Kashima,"This game ♥♥♥♥ed me up, so much. In a good way, that is.I was so emotionally devastated, it made me cry again.I haven't moved on from Nier:Automata and then I played this, god - of all the things in this world, the robots made me feel the most.God bless this game."
76561198194311333,Recommended,430960,33915078,Posted: 30 July,all,kingofcats,"this was my first visual novel, i have always wanted to read one but most of them seem to be hentai. but i kept looking and found this one, and if most of the non hentai ones are even half as good as this one then i will be sure to get them. overall really great game."
76561198389844404,Recommended,430960,34073105,Posted: 6 August,all,Gallifrey4U,"This game broke my heart...But damn, if it's no the best storytelling for a visual I'VE SEEN"
,Not Recommended,430960,34585879,Posted: 29 August,all,Skharon,"I seriously don't understand all of these super positive reviews. Usually, I'm pretty nice and lenient compared to others but... Ugh. The story and the writing were just... cringy. I guess if you don't care about quality, it's a cute (if overdone) premise, and the art is pretty. I couldn't force myself very far into this game, and I love free ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flash simulation and dating games and free visual novels, where the quality it generally questionable.I'm really not a harsh critic. It's just... the game has so many bells and whistles, but not only is the story lacking, at least from how far I made myself get, it was a hair away from plagiarism, the main character and themes were preachy, they tried too hard to make the protagonist cool and independant and basically Will Smith, and even then his most prominent character traits were constantly flip flopping. And the writing was sorely lacking and the humor was childish and unimpactful. And most of all. it just went on and on and on, without anything actually happening.Unless you really like a writer stroking their own ego, or you don't care about the writing, I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,430960,33656978,Posted: 19 July,all,Larah,"Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For- is definitely one of my favorite visual novels.  The artwork, story, voice, sound effects, and music all work perfectly together and are beautifully done!  Definitely play through 100% to get the complete story."
,Recommended,430960,31050160,Posted: 9 April,all,Khimmalgura,Not so much to say after a tearful playthrough... you gotta see it for yourself
,Recommended,430960,21649663,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,weiss.v.pieceman,Love it
76561198200727578,Recommended,430960,22759924,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ユイ,"Should I buy this game? Yes, it is. Personally, I have experienced the same feeling as when passing, for example Kanon. But the ending is not very clear. Strong are moving dates.My rating 49/35"
76561198064105835,Recommended,430960,33114348,Posted: 1 July,all,Spring,Disgusting concept! Enjoyable game nonetheless.
76561198036829461,Recommended,430960,29583698,Posted: 30 January,all,Darknnight,The story is good however got bored seeing the same places over again and again. Well worth the money though.
76561198115030601,Recommended,430960,23002874,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Swindler,"My Hearth İs Broken Right Now,İf your hearth cant get over with this ending you shouldn't play itBut they can make a second game for exampleOur character becomes a scientist to save lucyThey can start it like he take lucys memory out and kept it for years to save herI think it will be for the best because my hearth is in so much pain because of that end"
,Recommended,430960,26112515,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Xandumas |DHF| 悪の 妄想,"Brilliantly written. This game has definietly made me think about a few things, the story is absolutely worth the $10. If you like Visual Novels, you will love this game. You are extremely lucky if you find this on a sale. Bravo to the developers of this game!"
76561198209397568,Recommended,430960,29822385,Posted: 10 February,all,Apostleafflicted,"A boy who is afflicted in darkness fall in sleep for the heartbeat of angel. If you abandon the soul , you will be the real robot."
,Recommended,430960,32511781,Posted: 17 June,all,Whoppah!,Didnt regret getting this at all. 11/10
,Recommended,430960,29557996,Posted: 28 January,all,blacksoulranger,It's good
,Recommended,430960,29561163,Posted: 29 January,all,[SpA]Dolf / Aadolf Kärki,Hnnngh.
76561198291328052,Recommended,430960,29561506,Posted: 29 January,all,nico_nico_ni,"I still remmeber what you said,but in the end,everything has changed."
76561198080983898,Recommended,430960,32422788,Posted: 14 June,all,Corn Bread!,"Deep down, all men want a perfect android girlfriend.10/10"
76561198202030564,Recommended,430960,29269553,Posted: 15 January,all,RedHawk,"If you like visual novels you will really like this one. This visual novel is one of the most emotional games i have ever played. The story had happiness, sadness, hate and regret; There were moments in the story that were funny. The end of the story was sad and emotional."
,Recommended,430960,25177094,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Double Helix,Dammit why am i crying over a stupid android in a visual novel? But seriously this was really good.
,Recommended,430960,23526128,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Twee,"My first ever visual novel.Will proceed to play many more visual novels.Will have tissues ready for them, unlike this one."
76561198035224844,Recommended,430960,30343201,Posted: 5 March,all,KeadRei,I´m so confused... should I pursue the waifu dream?or treat them as objects?Ultimately the world will go this way... and I´m not sure what I´d do.Regarding the VN is great. Play it. And decide for yourself.
76561198059831686,Recommended,430960,32481020,Posted: 16 June,all,Drogba,"GOOD GAME XD , I was deeply moved b"
76561198035769525,Recommended,430960,22307585,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Opos,"10/10Beutiful story. If you don't cry tears of both sorrow and joy, I would be surprissed."
,Recommended,430960,22387158,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jamesraylee,"BUY FIRST, REGRET LATER!!!I'll go back to my corner and continue crying...EDIT:WAIT I JUST FINISHED THE GAME.  I REGRET NOTHING!!!I'll go back to my corner crying tears of joy..."
,Recommended,430960,24347521,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,flipmaxter03,Damnit!! This is Plastic Memories all over again! What a beautiful story! What an emotional trip!
76561198313010018,Recommended,430960,34156864,Posted: 10 August,all,Reion,A beautiful art & story
,Not Recommended,430960,32356016,Posted: 11 June,all,Zweihander,"Well, ive bought this light novel thinking that it was something different... It wasnt. 110 minutes into the story and ive been pushing myself to get through the game in hope that  the good part hasnt started yet.I'll start with the bad parts.The plot is 100% predictable if you stop to think for  a moment.Lucy doesnt have character development. She's aways the bright girl that doesnt get mad with anything. The lack of a flaw in her make you assume what the game explicitly tells you to not assume. That shes a robot.The fact that she talks in third person makes so the part when she starts talking cringy. I know its trying to get the anime vibe into you and to add a quirk to her character but, i cant help but sigh  when she talks.The whole mistery of the plot is who is in fact Lucy, where did she came from, and why was she abbandoned. But the game doesnt make you want to know that. But it tells you anyway. I've find myself skipping every flashback just  to get to the freaking point. That isnt a good sign.The drawings are boring. They re-use so many portraits that it loses its meaning. And the fact that she only has those clothes make me want to re-think why my character have'nt bought her some clothes by the end of the day 2.On the bright side you got her voice acting, its really good in the japanese dub (i didnt even bother with the korean one). Other than that i have trouble finding good points about this novel. Dont waste your time. Steam has a lot of good novels and this just  isnt one of  them.Edit: Finnaly got to the ending. Too abrupt and predictable, just like the entire game. This just made me hate this game a little more. ♥♥♥♥ing hell"
,Recommended,430960,24800661,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Krusti clawn,"Lucy -The Eternity She Wished For-  was a rollercoaster of emotions for me to read. A very well made novel filled with both happy and funny moments as well as sad moments that nearly made some manly tears fall down my cheek.Amazing character development, amazing visuals, and a good english translation.I wish more characters had voice actors though, and that the novel was a bit longer, but despite that, wonderful novel!Highly recommanded, would cry again :')"
76561198145491881,Recommended,430960,27776946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LOGAN,Want a VN That Will Make u Sad and Happy and cry get this loovvvvveeeee it my FAV one ever!!
,Recommended,430960,32230376,Posted: 6 June,all,HattoriTheFattori,"Great game, just needs an extra scene when lucy knows you dont lie when you put Mr Handsome in the names box"
,Recommended,430960,31691703,Posted: 11 May,all,Kamita,:thinkingHD:good game wew
76561198142327767,Recommended,430960,31362402,Posted: 25 April,all,Nii-san,Asimov / 20
76561198080604772,Recommended,430960,23945807,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,paulthetallguy,"My name is PAUL 1000, and I am a 2nd generation companion robot. My optical receptors leaked hot engine oil when I read this digital audiovisual novel. Am I malfunctioning? My scanners could not detect any problems within my operating system, But my chest component must be overheating. Is this what it means to be human?"
,Recommended,430960,23838620,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tsundere Trash,"You need to try this game out. I personally think you won't regret it.1,000/10Would visual novel again ;~;"
,Recommended,430960,24347943,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Amorok,10 out of 10 for the feelsPlayed it though in one go
,Recommended,430960,33268172,Posted: 5 July,all,David ColdHeart,Beautiful
,Recommended,430960,29490439,Posted: 25 January,all,sebfro,"You're gonna cry, in a good way... maybe."
76561198225303260,Recommended,430960,23812955,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,rulymercury,10/10 would have an existensial crisis again.
76561198118198150,Recommended,430960,34004439,Posted: 3 August,all,Lúcio Main,Tweet Tweet!
,Not Recommended,430960,32229520,Posted: 6 June,all,Some_one_fucking_play_with_mE,"Lucy... lord who knows what i think of this game.its a great story, great atmosphere, but i cant help but to point out these flaws-too short, i beat it in 90 minutes.-the characters too heartless, saying ""shes just a robot"" got annoying whne you started caring, if you could care-back to the caring part, i couldnt care much about lucy, she was a good character, just really annoying.-again, too short, it had so much potential, just unused. great idea, poor execution,All in all, its a great idea, just a bad VN. i dont reccomend this if you want a full VN experience, get Princess Evangile, THEN play this game, youll understand, this is a great VN the japanese voice work was on point, and i cant stress how adorable Lucy was at times, but it just didnt make you care about the characters, get if it you want a quickie, not a longie."
,Not Recommended,430960,29484198,Posted: 25 January,all,The Jazz Messengers,"A terrible engine (no auto mode???), a very trite premise, a loathable and unrelatable main character, very predictable and at times frustrating story.  There is nothing here for me to enjoy, ""twist"" ending and all. The only thing good in it, as far as I'm concerned, is the conflict between the main character and his father, but it never goes anywhere interesting, it just hits all the notes you see coming from a mile away."
76561198097813158,Not Recommended,430960,25056600,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"The writing is just far too horrible for a VN. Unfortunantly this great medium has a reputation of poor writing and this is no exception. Specifically in regards to the protagonist. There is far too much exposition in the protagonist telling the audience how he is feeling when the events depicted are enough to allow the audience to discern that. There is no subtlty. The writer seems hell bent on violating the rule of ""show, don't tell.""A shame since the idea of the story is fine and the character of Lucy is interesting enough. Though she's very much a slave character, which puts a bad taste in my mouth.Also no english dub."
,Not Recommended,430960,28858003,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,aurora35,Mediocre and very overrated VN
,Not Recommended,430960,24061777,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bi$harp,It's mediocre really.Lucy is the only one with a VA and that's always more than a little disorienting.The story drags its feet and doesn't really establish what I'm supposed to take away from it.It managed to jerk a few tears but in a real low effort sort of way.None of the characters were even slightly relatable.I got the bad end and I WAS going to go through again to get the other two but I realized that I really didn't care. I didn't care what happened to any of these people.The worst offense though was that when I read the guide it turned out the ending completely relied on the final choice meaning most of the choices that you made were for nothing other than unlocking some CGs and spending even more agonizing time with these boring characters.Also I'm not hard to impress so you REALLY have to screw up to make me feel this apathetic.Also I feel that I need to mention my internet died while I was playing this and offline playtime doesn't get counted. The real time is around four hours.
76561198314909236,Not Recommended,430960,30128532,Posted: 23 February,all,cheeseshover,"Bought this game on sale for just under £4.00; it wasn't even worth that. I got bored within the first 20 minutes, even after skipping through most of the protagonist's boring internal dialogue. It is extremely slow-paced and tries to make up for the mc's lack of personality by using lots of detail in his internal narration, which, frankly, had the opposite effect on me because I got even more bored. I love visual novels, but this is the first time I requested a refund within the first 20 minutes of playing/reading... well, anything.I was extremely excited about this game and it'd been on my wishlist for months, but I couldn't be bothered sitting through a visual novel where one of two main characters has the personality of a broken paintbrush."
76561198328701295,Not Recommended,430960,26091308,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,minjiaddicted,"NO, NO, NO, NO, please oh gosh, please don't buy this game. It's really annoying as ♥♥♥♥. I played 40minutes and they were the longest 40minutes in my life. They seemed like 40days.Please, listen to me. Even if it is really cheap, don't buy it. Trust me! TRUST ME GUYS! IT IS HORRIBLE!"
76561198055692830,Not Recommended,430960,32316289,Posted: 10 June,all,cpnaditude,Rarely do I post a negative review. This game...at this stage of games...my mouse wouldn't work...or controller...or keyboard..this could be the greatest...but when there are basic issues...you developers kidding me...or what...sheesh...
76561197999489810,Not Recommended,430960,32221275,Posted: 6 June,all,Aristacah,"I fell asleep after 10 minutes. I wanted to see the story unfold but it's just too incredibly boring. For some, it might be worth sitting at the computer endlessly hitting the return button to read more text, but that's not my cup of tea, thanks."
76561198112590222,Not Recommended,430960,21782845,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ookami,"The writing is kinda meh so far. Like it reads as if a teenager with no clue how to write a compelling story wrote it. The artwork is awesome, though, so I'll read through it for that, anyway. All in all i'd rate it a 5/10. Artwork is 9/10 but poor writing or possibly just poor translation(?) drags it down. Wouldn't buy it again for more than $4."
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,430960,21931293,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Malaficus Shaikan,While funny at first after i while i just coudnt get myself to play it anymore.Your choices are few and far in between.The charater is a moron.I find myself quickly losing interest.I though this would be a game about robot human relations.Not about a teenager inabblity to cope with reality.
76561198070820656,Not Recommended,430960,30498953,Posted: 13 March,all,Nattyer,"Daddy Issues, Waifu, Nerdy Friend, Drama."
76561198013537315,Not Recommended,430960,22662373,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,stephentaalman,Bleah nothing great many better even free stories
76561197971466246,Not Recommended,430960,32751890,Posted: 24 June,all,dragonikSC,.
76561198079021953,Not Recommended,430960,21542677,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Spinkitten,"This is a picture book that outlines some of humanities flaws. I understand that a little is lost intranslation, but it's clear the   authers are intellegent. The interaction points don't seem to change the plot, but are well done as is the art.I'm a huge fan of the old style ""choose your own adventure"" books and I like subtitles because they help me learn other launguages.  I'd LOVE to see full adventures done in this style, The bigger and the more choices and greater the differnces they make on the story the better the re-read-ability / listen.So over all I'm pleased with the idea, but dissapionted with the story. I'd like to work with the devs on projects like this. With a few minor changes this format could redo all the classic novels for all age groops, and mabe we could try to make them end the way we (the reader's) want :)  (or better yet twist our decisions to get us to see the errors in our ways).Lots of potential, a change of pace, but i think they missed the mark on this one.... But keep trying !!!"
76561198347520026,Recommended,430960,29556902,Posted: 28 January,all,Howdy Bucko.,"I got this game blind to knowing it was a visual novel, honestly I don't know what I was expecting from an anime game in the first place.I liked this game, you don't really get to do anything, but the ending was tear-jerking, and I'm a damn sucker for games that are depressing. If you're looking for something you can be involved in, then this isn't really a game for you because it is already for one a visual novel, and even for a visual novel you don't get to choose really anything, and I'm pretty positive there's only one ending. There's bascially rarely any choice or impact the player inflicts.It's not bad however, it's like reading a book in a sense. I would wait for this to go on sale if you're interested, it just doesn't feel like it is really a game to me, more like a comic, but that's just my opinion. Overall it's good."
76561198077547702,Recommended,430960,21565643,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Addy,"The best thing about this game is that it has great writing all over it.However, it is the very definition of old school which isn't a bad thing to say the least. However, you need to go in it with that mind set because it does lack a lot of choices as in other new visual novels. I think I made like 10 choices total through t he entire playthrough, and the characters were about 6 if my memory serves me right.On the other hand, I suspect people who buy this game in the first place love old school visual novels, so I would recomend this if your into that. Personally though, it is not my cup of tea."
76561197998365734,Recommended,430960,21582337,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Zen Grenadier,"Very slight spoilers ahead.The visual novel is about 5 hours long. Artwork from character portraits are rough but decent. Background art is meh but only for the fact it's just cityscapes and interiors of schools and houses. They're not getting into Saya no Uta levels of weird design.Story is ok for fans like myself interested in stories about A.I./Human relations. Well, honestly it treads very familar ground and plays safe. Nice twist near the end. Thought it was going to pull some 4th wall/meta stuff considering the way the game is presented. Nope, but it was a decent twist. Made me go ""Ohhh, huh"" for a sec.As for character design, Lucy herself is interesting and well thought out, though played out like every other ""Boy meets Magical Girlfriend"" archetype you'd find in any other anime or manga. As for the main protagonist... yeah, His name is You. Cause he certainly ain't me. Unless I'm a hipster tool mixed with self loathing, parental issues and moderate spurts of jerkwad. Goes deep into explaining why he's that way over the course of the story. Still groan worthy.Also has an extra story about a prominent side character at the end as well if you get the Golden Ending. I could go on another rant about that one. I'm just gonna leave it as ""It was aight"".I'd recommend it. Nice way to spend an afternoon. B+, 7/10 would date android waifu again."
76561198110830942,Recommended,430960,25405994,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GiantPandaOfDoom,"Story- Honestly, in my opinion, the plot was too linear and predictable for me. I wasn't moved at all and I sort of questioned why I spent $10 on this game. Essentially, you get a lonely young man whose name was never known throughout the game. He has parental issues concerning his father and most probably both his birth and step mother Then he meets Lucy (an android that questions the sovereignty of humans and the moral compass of what is right and wrong) who essentially becomes a mother figure to him. Lucy breaks through his negative demeanor towards life and fills it with happiness and becomes a very important experience to him - it could be interpreted that his memories with Lucy have the same worth even if Lucy was to be human. Eventually his inherent dislike for androids melts away and he clearly falls in love with Lucy or at least sees her to be incredibly important. The visual novel glances upon the surface of the controversial debate of humans and AI, but sadly it doesn't really explore through it. It becomes more of an emotional and humane approach towards it. It's a story that revolves around targeting your emotions since it focuses more on the tropes of romance, tragedy, family disputes, and what it means to be human rather than the actual topic of humans and AI. I am not saying that an emotional approach is bad, but it's the only thing they used in this visual novel which made it seem so cliche and unappealing. 6/10Artwork- What I really enjoyed however was that the game had its own original artwork. Some of the backgrounds were very vivid and beautiful and that made me appreciate the developers of the game because it is nice to see some work put into a game. Not just taking pictures and then using them as the background -basically that's what you see in other visual novels but that's probably because they lack the resources to do so. Also, the UI was wonderfully made. I really like the design of it. It looks so sleek and pristine. From what I could tell, it seems that they also focused more on the artwork for the female androids than the father or the protagonist's best friend which sort of irked me. 7/10Soundtracks- The music was pleasant especially the credit song at the true ending of the main story. I enjoyed it and there was not much to say. The music was well-timed and placed, leaving no awkwardness through the transitioning of scenes. 8/10Characters- Pretty much your typical characters from any visual novel or anime. You got your classic depressing male protagonist, an upbeat, vivid female protagonist, an incredibly smart and rich childhood friend, and a father who is disconnected from the family because he is too focused on work. You also got a few side characters that really have no meaning whatsoever besides to fill the story and make it go on. 4/10Final Verdict- So would I recommend the game? I'd say it's definitely worth the try but I would wait for a sale. $10 for such a short amount of content is not worth it in my opinion. Story wise, it's pretty much your typical visual novel with better artwork and music. Time wise, it's only like 3-4 hours long even with all the extra stuff after you finish the story. 6/10"
76561198055752315,Recommended,430960,22755373,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Tattercloak,"This one ripped out my heart and threw it to the wolves, BUT it has an engaging storyline, and beautiful artwork, so, if you're reading this, i reccommend it, and hope you find it appealing."
,Recommended,430960,23880646,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The RumKeeper,This one's a tearjerker but I liked it. 10/10
,Recommended,430960,23945596,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Enable Chaos,"Not serious review: The Railroad would be proud.Serious review: It has its pros and cons, but being somewhat cheap, I don't mind the purchase. I haven't played much, and will update this review as I progress in the story, hopefully spoiler free. So far, the visuals are great, the SFX are good, and they change the background quite a bit for a visual novel. My only irk is that the MC is really frusturating. This might change though. I think it is worth a buy.10/10 would sentient robot again."
76561198004383873,Recommended,430960,23754358,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rikofudesu,"Without saying too much, this game brings out the aspects of humans that we have when we create something that has intelligence. Our fears are poured onto the creation more than the creator when it is the creator who decides what the purpose his/her creation will serve whether good or bad. You'll play first fearing and hating robots, while along the way your views of robots will change and so will your thoughts on life. Be prepared to get the feels..."
,Recommended,430960,23846276,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[Woop] Co0kie,Intense emotional rollercoaster with a lot of feels.
,Recommended,430960,23830644,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yamatcha ☢,A well-developed VN with interesting plot that resonated with emotions. The music and art were all great and fitting. I really recommend this game to those who appreciate games for their story.
76561198074178009,Recommended,430960,23872712,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,picklepaddy =[o.W.n]=,"An emotional roller-coaster. A lovely read. Well worth the money, time and the tissues for the ending.Lucy as a character is so well done, in my opinion, that I couldn't not connect to the character."
76561198089328708,Recommended,430960,26158718,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Johnny Rico,a rollercoaster of emotions.... true ending his hidden...WARNING!there are alot of feels in this game... alot...bring tissues...
76561198086828553,Recommended,430960,25793826,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,CRANKASS,"First of all.This game is about where in a world where android run over society to help human in all aspect of work(housework,technical work etc).If there is a android who can competely imitate and learn like a human .Can we consider whether dat android has feelings like human,has conciousness like human.Or even has  a soul like human.Is it alive?THe game tackles this kind of philosphy of human/robot(which they did well.)the game has nice overall structure and design but personally i still think that the game lacks a impactful ending, i mean the ending was sudden and wtf but its still myehh but its still good.The voice acting of the female protaganist is awesomeand the visual novel has vibrant colour like it should have overall 7.9/10"
,Recommended,430960,23427948,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Artsyy ⚡,"One hand for clicking... The other...You using it for tissues to stop the sneezing.I would say this game pricing could be a tad bit lower, but honestly, it was worth $10. If you have some money to throw at right now and you are looking for something entertaining almost like watching an anime, get this game. I hope to see this turned into an anime if it could."
76561198009870718,Recommended,430960,23812745,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,markerOne,"A short visual novel that may or may not give you fuzzy feeling (depending on your tastes) once you complete it. Having an 100% achievements OCD, I did play again to get them all and never regretted it. Thank you ""Skip"" function!In all, I thoroughly enjoyed it and liked it as well. Definitely worth money spent!"
76561198005405920,Recommended,430960,22545065,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Supnitle,creyed
76561198103969727,Recommended,430960,22565608,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Saiyan,12/10 This is the best story story Ihave ever read. I haven't felt this many feels in almost a decade. Lucy - The Eternity She Wished For - is hands down the best thing ever.
,Recommended,430960,24550933,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,FarahTDU,The art is pretty and the story is beautiful and emotional. Would love to see more visual novels from the developers because i thoroughly enjoyed this one.
76561198214149904,Recommended,430960,22733777,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Amewarashi,"short but really nice experience, totally loved it!"
76561198086791568,Recommended,430960,22573427,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Indiana,I really like this game.  I just cant find how to get the good ending.   Please help.  I can't find the person i chatted with  a while back about how to do the extra content and good ending. Please wriite back.
,Recommended,430960,22872665,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Samtoinette,"The storyline is interesting. It's kind of like you're playing a game version of the anime Chobits. The art is nice, and I feel the characters are fairly relatable though they are your typical archtypes from manga and anime. The background music, for me, got kind of old after half an hour or so, but you can turn that off.The voice actors that were used for Lucy, both Japanese and Korean, I just find annoying, but luckily you can disable the voice of hers and just read what she's saying.While at first this game is really interesting, it does drag on some. I get bored with some of the scenes that are really wordy. It's a wonderful story overall, though it is linear. Most of the choices, except the last one, don't seem to matter much.This is definitely a game for someone who doesn't mind reading. Every time your character switches to someone else, or the day changes, you see the Three Laws of Robotics again and again, which gets annoying.I was annoyed enough about the wordiness that I finally turned off all the sound/music, put on Netflix, and enjoyed the story. I became GREATLY engrossed as it neared it's end, and there's more after the credits role."
,Recommended,430960,22771061,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,KatsEatSushi,"so great artwork is amazing. Story is great, the character development was good. it's just I was puzzeled about the ending."
,Recommended,430960,22786416,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AnActualNeckSnap,"By far one of my favourite VN's that I've read in a while.  The characters were great and added a lot to the story the sudden heap and change between emotions was fantasitc. Lucy as a character was just ... I don't even know how to describe it she felt more human then an actual human being, it was definetly something else and left me in puddle of tears in the end.Overall great experience and a feel trip would recommend to anyone who enjoys these types of VN's(I am not completely finished with the game and I am currently going through ""Old Man's Wish"")10/10 would question my humanity again."
,Recommended,430960,24369116,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,N!ghTM@Re$*%,"I'd give it a Lucy/Lucy[that means good]what the developers are saying is ""go git a rel gurl""of course we'll never do that.Lucy waifu worthy.After this you'll hate gasoline and dads."
,Recommended,430960,32754406,Posted: 24 June,all,The Heavy Jesus,"A truly magnificent visual novel. It is one of the very few novels I've read that have pushed me to the brink of despair and back to joy, weeping openly at the reveal of the true ending. In comparison to other visual novels it lacks branching paths and breadth of choice, but as an experience it is one I can recommend wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,430960,32818265,Posted: 26 June,all,阿莉埃蒂,很温馨的游戏，让人想进入其中.很棒的故事！
,Recommended,430960,33073875,Posted: 1 July,all,Vrix,because im weeaboo i like this game :)))nice story by the way and nice graphic
76561198065776960,Recommended,430960,33037539,Posted: 30 June,all,Tentacle Grape,Pretty short. it's good for the price. you can finish this in about 4 hours or less.
,Recommended,430960,32885170,Posted: 27 June,all,Fiona,pretty goodbut the ending is so faked up ;<nice. the game just gave me a depression.
,Recommended,430960,32472259,Posted: 16 June,all,✪Reign,"The story was so depressing, made me cry like a waterfall.Story 9/10Music 10/10Would hit on a robot again 10/10"
,Recommended,430960,33400763,Posted: 9 July,all,Stealitnot,"Throughout this visual novel, it's repeatedly stated that Lucy is the most advanced robot. This is not true. My waifu is. I am, however, willing to forgive this overlooked fact because of the quality ASMR contained within."
76561198180358810,Recommended,430960,28893841,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Akali-Chan,"OMG! The best visual novel i played so far. I played a lot of visual novel before but not a impressive as this. I really really REALLY love the story! Everytime i go through the story i smile because how exciting the story was. It's like watching an anime but with interection :) This is the best visual novel i played so far, THE BEST! I wish there are more visual novel as excllent as this. I recommend this, 10 out of 10 Robotic Waifus in the world :p"
,Recommended,430960,29576283,Posted: 29 January,all,Virodox,I thoroughly enjoyed this game and recomend it to anyone willing to give it a try or are considerating it
,Recommended,430960,28819765,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pinoy Killa,"Amazing!! Buy it, you won't regret it.  I cried. Even more so, that i relate to the character's lifestyle."
,Recommended,430960,28824372,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Budget Silver Player,PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,430960,28892640,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Green&purple2015,"Lucy is surprisingly shorter than imagined. Although this is not a bad thing because in all these 5 hours I've spent on the game was worth it.All in all it's a game that reminds us the importance of compasion, of kindness and that hoping is not futile. You will most likely relate a lot with the MC's POV and love Lucy as you progress to the story.It's a sweet heartwarming story that will make you smile and possibly cry. I do advice you to get this game."
,Recommended,430960,30015787,Posted: 18 February,all,Bez,Needs a Street Fighter minigame between the third act and the epilogue.
,Recommended,430960,29640689,Posted: 1 February,all,Kieo,"This VN felt like a breath of fresh air. Very immediate with no wasted scenes so the plot progresses at a good pace - I felt immersed and invested in no time. The art / music is well done, and the story definitely tugs at the heartstrings. Look forward to more releases from M-vizlab"
76561197999808026,Recommended,430960,29663294,Posted: 2 February,all,Beef_Stu,"Definitely worth the sale price, and has some good musings on human-like machines - not on-par with ""Blade Runner"", but a reasonable facsimile of the same argument.  After all, if a machine's responses so closely mimic a human's, then who's to say those emotions aren't ""real"" simply because they come from electronics rather than biochemistry?"
76561197972419898,Recommended,430960,29658398,Posted: 2 February,all,< blank >,"Stellar VN. I really, really enjoyed it. Great work, M-vizlab!The true end after the credits will make you so happy, so wipe away those tears!"
76561198092863510,Recommended,430960,29657103,Posted: 2 February,all,Raydenfire,"Basically, in 2050 your a male boy and finds a robot in a junkyard and you take it home. Robots are common so it aint a big deal but this robot you got aint common, in fact it's the only one with feelings and desires completely the same as humans.Money wise this game should cause two times its worth cause it was so damn good, but if i were to be personal it was so good it could be 80 dollars worth imo, time wise it should take 3-7 ranging from slow reading to fastest.The story overall was devious, it had great built up and tension while having precious and memorable scenes, and in the end everything just weaves together and utterly destroyed me as a person, it was painful. No matter how cold hearted or used to visual novels you will not lack a reaction, you will break and feel no matter what.This game should be more recognized and known as the impact it had as a visual novel can't be rivaled."
,Recommended,430960,29684165,Posted: 3 February,all,HeartUnderBlade,"Wonderful VN, one of the best. Seems to be typical until the ending. While very little variation, it has a very very good story, 10/10Ending after the ending made me happy"
,Recommended,430960,29744370,Posted: 6 February,all,Echolon,"To put it simply: I will remember, for all eternity."
76561197966308853,Recommended,430960,29758752,Posted: 7 February,all,stonefisher,I didn’t tear up several times while reading this novel. You can’t prove anything!
,Recommended,430960,29644973,Posted: 2 February,all,USN 7th BB Division | Iowa,"Dammit, right in the feels.. this virtual novel was a tough one to hold back tears from. 11/10."
,Recommended,430960,29711394,Posted: 4 February,all,♡宇津津♡,The artwork and Lucy were gorgeous would definetely recommend it. The story was really nice as well.
,Recommended,430960,31087820,Posted: 11 April,all,Foxtrot1207,10/10Would cry again
76561198081502786,Recommended,430960,30208315,Posted: 26 February,all,Josharoo,"This game tore my heart to pieces, put it back together, and then tore it to pieces again."
,Recommended,430960,28341525,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,orangejuice,She said i'm under 18 so i shouldn't put it in10/10 would be misunderstood again
76561198121270642,Recommended,430960,29588368,Posted: 30 January,all,Salmike,"TL:DR - perfect 5/7***I never play games like this and honestly i thought i wont enjoy it.So when Steam recommended Lucy i was like ""Y u do dis, me no like"".Overwhelmingly positive reviews? Five bucks at sale? Oh well.Few hours later I find myself completely emotionally shattered (I might be p*ssy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ).I found story rather simple, even predictable, yet so touching.  Simply beautiful.Here you have one more positive review Lucy, you made a grown man cry."
76561198083856867,Recommended,430960,31126032,Posted: 13 April,all,CaesarMC97,10/10
,Recommended,430960,30318051,Posted: 4 March,all,Yayoi,Ｇｏｏｄ
,Recommended,430960,31391175,Posted: 27 April,all,Anzu,"nice art ,nice story ,nice character"
,Recommended,430960,31388769,Posted: 27 April,all,Alpha Lesbian,"usually stuff like this doesn't make me cry, but i blew up like a nuclear power plant20/10"
76561198017768350,Recommended,430960,31493577,Posted: 1 May,all,Phantigma,ヅWonderful gameヅ
,Recommended,430960,22789396,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Classydog,This is an amazing game! I definitely recommend you get it. :D
76561198056067097,Recommended,430960,32535586,Posted: 18 June,all,kgunderson15,I love this  game
,Recommended,430960,32494147,Posted: 16 June,all,Ling Ling,"A short visual novel about Robots, AI and Humanity."
76561198040560030,Recommended,430960,32368676,Posted: 12 June,all,FuddRuckers,"The plot is 100% railroaded right up until the credits roll no matter what choices you make.  Afterwards, you either get the true end, or you get a meaningless end.  That said, the true end was wonderful.  I haven't cried that much in a long time.  I consider this a failure of a visual novel, because only one story outcome is worth getting, and the conditions for getting it are arbitrary - not based on cause and effect.  On the other hand, the complete story, including the true end and extras, is exceptionally touching.  This is not to say that the developer ought to have left out any choices; they are necessary for the story to function in a very specific way.  Yet, the implementation of those choices makes Lucy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.  It probably wasn't worth the resources to add pointless, inferior side paths that stem from the variety of choices available to the player.  This is understandable but doesn't address the deficiency."
76561198384071149,Recommended,430960,31639853,Posted: 8 May,all,画天,唤醒冰冷的心，通关后很失落..
,Recommended,430960,32219258,Posted: 6 June,all,KBphan,Great story
76561198248038434,Recommended,430960,32243269,Posted: 7 June,all,Your Ass is Grass,Its really good.
76561198242274570,Recommended,430960,32371589,Posted: 12 June,all,[             ],"All i can say is, I love IT! Really mind blowing true ending. When you thought that time is happening in the past but it is actually different. Holy♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,430960,34485461,Posted: 25 August,all,getgoodfgt,Pretty good.
,Recommended,430960,34520591,Posted: 26 August,all,Legit wanker,Mah hartMah soul
76561198211873100,Recommended,430960,34260340,Posted: 15 August,all,IKON LEADER Gabe,Woke my kachow
76561198027618606,Recommended,430960,34323509,Posted: 18 August,all,disciplepaul,she has nice eyes
76561198300024582,Recommended,430960,34327899,Posted: 18 August,all,eYepatchZ,10/10
76561198313332100,Recommended,430960,34327714,Posted: 18 August,all,小柠檬LittleLemon,"The character model of this game is good, beautiful and worth playing."
,Recommended,430960,34337370,Posted: 18 August,all,Snake,"I got the feels from this game so bad, I need another one of these for coping pls"
76561198082217309,Recommended,430960,34327965,Posted: 18 August,all,Tommita,"After going through this visual novel it left me with lot of emotions and brought me to tears. This novel was truly one of a kind and i suggest this if you have interest on androids/future itself. It brings up lot of questions and morals.Great artwork, great story. 10/10"
76561198044195889,Recommended,430960,34405701,Posted: 21 August,all,FelipeJoker,"Very nice sotry indeed! Food for thought, and a really nice romance!"
76561198066248554,Recommended,430960,34410624,Posted: 22 August,all,Reznarok,"I've seen some things while deployed. never got to me. This VN, cried like a baby."
76561198318332047,Recommended,430960,34687453,Posted: 2 September,all,PureGekko98,It was a great visual novel which every lover of the genra should expriance!
,Recommended,430960,34696467,Posted: 2 September,all,Macaco Fedido,It is a real shame they didn't enable steam achievments for this game.
,Recommended,430960,33689722,Posted: 20 July,all,Thanathos,One of those games where you wish you could forget the plot just to experience it fresh from the beginning.  Great story mixed with some real life perspectives that will make you think.
,Recommended,430960,35100400,Posted: 21 September,all,SanchZ,♥♥♥♥ing awesome !!!
