user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198022346294,Recommended,431180,22055727,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Buster,"Zero hours played and he's writing a review? Well I can assure you I have played this game long before it came out on steam, in fact I remember its early betas and all its glorious bugs, plus I moderated the forums for a time as well. Before purchasing this game it is important to remember a few very important things.1. The game was made by the Minnesota Zoo and a few other educational institutions, as a result funding was very limited, and its amazing they put together this game with what meager scraps it got, it also caused controversy in the government here as people thought they the State was ""wasting money"" on creating ""video games"".2. This game has a heavy educational focus so others may find it quite boring, but if you want a glimpse into part of the struggle wolves go through this game helps paint a good picture.3. The graphics and mechanics are rather basic, as pointed out funding was exceedingly limited, furthermore this game is rather old, as games go, so it wont look as top notch as newer releases, however it does its job well.4. Multiplayer, they have added the pup raising missions which for a long time were removed due to safety and legal reasons, thew fact that this is added in will add a huge amount of fun for a group of friends to enjoy.5. The controls will take some getting used too but once you get the hang of it the game will feel and progress much more smoothly for the player. So have some paitence if your just starting out.I strongly recommend you buy this game, if for nothing else than to support several worthy causes, and hopefully show that there is a market for more simulator/educational games out there."
76561198067586726,Not Recommended,431180,22103455,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Saphia,"*** Note: I currently haven’t tried out Multiplayer (I have no friends who have purchased this!) but will definitely update if I get the chance. This review, as it stands, is based on singleplayer only). ***I remember playing WolfQuest back when it was first created, and for its time and the purpose it was created for, it was enjoyable. WolfQuest was (and still is, in a form) freeware and can be accessed via the games external website. If you have never played this game I would recommend trying this out before buying this version, to prevent a build-up of negative reviews that do nothing but show someone hasn't done their research before taking the dive to purchase it.That aside, this version has been updated with additional features, and with that a price tag to help support further updates and development (not like your usual ‘Early Access’ games, expect new things from WolfQuest. Especially since it looks like sales have exceeded the teams’ expectations!)Points that I would like to see improved or added:- Camera:The camera angles were a significant problem for me. The camera was fixed, with only horizontal plane movement (where the option of movement via mouse was checked). When it came to my wolf using its super powers of defying gravity on the impossibly steep hills on the starting Amethyst Mountain map, the camera angles were very disorientating and only after a short time I had to avoid any terrain that wasn’t a gentle slope or flat as it became physically painful to tolerate after a short length of time – especially when I couldn’t look up a steep hill and all I saw was ground. A similar problem with the scent view where the camera is fixed slightly too low. I hope in future updates that free movement of the camera (vertical ‘up-down’ movement) is added so that players can move it to the lay of the land. Fixing the camera to head movement would also be a great addition, rather than having the wolf physically move to see in another direction.- Ambient Sounds:Would love to see an improvement and addition (i.e. more birds/animals) on ambience sounds.- Graphics:With the funding through sales, I hope improvements on textures and the additions of assets are made to improve the atmosphere of the game. I can see optimisation and finding a middle ground between younger players with potentially older/minimum specs and older players with higher specs, will be challenging. The game was released back in 2007 however, and I think an update in this area would be greatly appreciated by a lot of people.- Free roaming NPC’s:While wolf encounters and spawns of prey are in fixed areas, I would love to see free-roaming animals which would make for more dynamic gameplay.- Advanced tracking: As a tie-in with the above addition. Further signs of animals such as tracks, faeces, fur caught in bushes etc.- Drinking Water:Drinking.- Advancements on Stats and UI improvements:I.e.Thirst, Hunger. Easier in-game access to additional stats.- More factual information:As I have seen around the community hub, I think it would be a great idea to add real pictures and more in-depth information on the wolves we play. These could possibly pop-up upon certain activities and events.- Missions/Side Objectives:Apart from the one, main focus each section of the game, I would like to see plausible side objectives to improve re-playability value.As the game stands, I’ve had difficulty deciding what to give this review, but in the end have gone with not recommended.This isnotfor the game being bad! I have high hopes on updates and development in the future and would recommend anyone willing to support the efforts of the team to buy this game as it is currently. But if you’re dubious about purchasing it just yet, please do try the freeware version first!I will definitely come back to this review and update as development progresses and will hopefully change my rating soon! I will also add more improvements/additions I’d like to see or problems as I think of them too."
,Recommended,431180,32634468,Posted: 21 June,all,Dy-kret-si,"This game is amazing, I honestly suggest giving it a try. Gameplay is alright, can be a bit boring at times however. The scenery and sounds are amazing, although can be a bit buggy here and there.The game is amazing, i'd love to give it a 10/10 however there is some flaws.The gameplay gets a bit boring after time as i've stated above. You live the life of an 2 year old wolf, hunt elk or kill some hares for a small snack, just to raise your exp until you have around 800xp to get a mate. After getting a mate, you can either hunt some more or immediately head to slough creek to began finding a den.After finding a den you raise a family, bring them to the other area and bam you're done the game. Well what do you do next? you can't play with your pups and watch them grow into 2 year old wolves and watch them leave.You have the choice of multiplayer or just restarting the game and either use the same wolf or make a new one going through the same route once again.It gets repetitive, theres nothing new to do once you've done your quest. All you can do is really just play multiplayer whether to hunt for fun, roleplay or raise pups with others.Of course you have the choice of choosing on how hard you want the game to be, but the gameplay is still the same just a bit harder. It's all the same.Anyway moving on, it'd be awesome to have the choice of being a pup or to move onto another quest such as teaching your growing pups how to hunt and such.The rating I give this game is a 7/10.for a few bugs, however mainly just for how repetitious the main part of the game can get.However the game has only had the major update kind of recently, so it's understandable I suppose. New things will be added, changed, or whatever. I honestly just hope they have some new options such as the choice to live your life as a pup, and live til' you're 2 years old and set out on your quest like your parents before you.Try the game out, support the makers of this. They honestly deserve it and need it.(This is my first time reviewing something, my apologies if it's horrible or anything lmao.)"
76561198089319762,Recommended,431180,22161044,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,cfowler7,"Pros:-Loading times are very short-Graphics are good-Supports Xbox controller-Nice range of coat colours to choice from for your wolves-Follows the way of the wolf perfectly (behaviors, gestures, etc.)-Can play in Private servers with up to 5 players-Hunting with other players is fun-Keeps you on your toes (mainly on the harder difficulties)-Simple price for a simple gameCons:-Swimming is very buggy-Limited communication with players outside Private games (Phrase Chat)-Only Elk and Rabbits are edible prey which limits the world-AI on NPCs are buggy (my mate carried a pup back to the den when we was half-way to the point)-Animations are dated and old (hopefully they will update)-Audio is poor-The world feels empty-Very short story/game"
,Recommended,431180,22059348,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,"I remember 5 years ago when this game was free, but I will gladly pay for this game since I have always enjoyed it. Last I saw a new map was maybe 4 years ago, but this newer one is almost just as good as the others.The Steam release gives you more skins and different howl sounds from what I have seen. Also experience points (and then some). I'm glad new things were added because it has been so very long. Paying the $10 for this new content instead of downloading for free, for what I assume is not getting updated, is worth it.All in all, sure it is free on the official website but $10 is not that much. I also bought the game for nostalgia as well."
,Recommended,431180,22050074,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Doffy,"Having good nestalgia with this game, although it's a game from 2007 it has aged pretty well.I made a family, and kept all my pups 10/10."
,Recommended,431180,23365883,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MoonMoon,"Great game. Just as I remembered it from years ago plus more. Fun and challenging. The only real problem I have is the invisible eagle glitch and a glitch where the eagles fly off, magically grabbing your pup without swooping down and giving you a chance to fend them off. Unfortunately, with these glitches it's near impossible to get all 4 pups to the rendezvous site. Hope these gets fixed soon! Over all though, fun game to play in short bursts on singleplayer and great fun with friends. Maybe one day there can also be more after the main quest or even some side quests."
,Recommended,431180,32278284,Posted: 8 June,all,☪♀NameChanger♀☪,"I love this game, but i think there should be a way to like well...maybe make a way to play as the pups...that'd make my day just to play as the pupsStill, this game is amazing and i love playing as a wolf. <3"
,Recommended,431180,22050205,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BuckDashGaming,"It's a very wonderful game. I remember playing version 2.5 about 5 or 6 years ago and it was so addicting. I was very glad that the new version was now on Steam so I could play with friends on my Steam account. The new version is very challenging and there is no more fun glitches. The glitches were fun but, they have to end somewhere, right?"
,Recommended,431180,22114724,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,KianMcWolfy,"Yes!!! This FINALLY made it onto Steam!!! I've been waiting...Now For the review :- I've seen some people complain about the Graphics, I have 1 Reply (Yes, It's cliché BUT it's true) Graphics are not everything... They really are not, and besides they are not too bad for a 2007 game with a small budget.- The Maps are very nicely made, sometimes they can feel a little empty but thats not a problem for me.- One of the main reasons I like this game is it can be played without the need for FULL attention, This means I can Watch YouTube and Stuff like that while playing, Basically it's a nice game to relax and play.Anyway I really would reccomend this game to anyone who thinks they like the look of it, or just LOVE Wolves like I do.Major Kudos to the Devolopers of this game for adding extras like the Steam Badges, this just adds to the charm and I look forward to getting the badges, in fact by the time someone reads this I might just have the badge. In all great fun game to relax. Thank you for reading. Have a nice day/evening."
76561198214520233,Recommended,431180,25375735,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Lilywolf,"I have had this game far longer than I've been on Steam and I have always found it fun.  My state's zoo created it on a very basic budget, yet they have been extremely accurate about wolf behavior and biology.  The maps of this game are real places in Yellowstone and outside of Yellowstone that I have studied deeply for projects in the past.  Educational and fun, I have yet to even try the multiplayer option, though I'm sure with the right people, that game mode can be just as fun.  I'd recommend it for anyone who enjoys wolves or ecology in general."
,Recommended,431180,22053573,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,terin [they/them],"I've watched this game since its original release in 2007, and despite its limitations, it's always had a special place in my heart. I'm excited to see the changes in store for WolfQuest, especially now that the game has a chance to reach new audiences. I bought it for a second time because I believe that the future is bright.This game is still in development, and what you see here and now is not necessarily what is going to be present in the future. Keeping in mind that until recently, WolfQuest has been a nonprofit project, it's reasonable that there's not as much content as you might find in a triple-A title. Naturally, there are some hiccups and some bugs, as with any game, but they have never interfered much with the game as I've experienced it.For being a game in what most would call ""alpha"", it's a beautiful game with a unique premise and an aim to educate. Most peoples' understanding of wolf behavior harkens back to the big bad wolf of old, and that has influenced the success of conservation efforts worldwide in a negative way. This game gives a unique look into the lives of the wolves of Yellowstone National Park, one that is unforgettable in every way.Here's to the future. Updates, additions, changes... whatever it holds, I'll be there, and I'm hoping others will be too.PS: Annoying bears for no reason is fun."
,Recommended,431180,31117374,Posted: 13 April,all,Axanthic,"To start off, yes, I have played this game an unbearable amount of time. I feel as though I can give an adequate review with that in mind.The graphics haven't changed, clearly, and while it might be nice if they did, I believe they simply do not have the funds. I like the nostalgic feel, though, from 2.5. They've added new creatures-all evolving around these graphics-which are foxes, cougars, and moose. The only unkillable creatures are the eagle (it only appears to kill pups and you can run into it to chase it off) and the bear (you can get it down to 25% health, but it has to be in a multiplayer game to get that to happen before it despawns.) Only elk, moose and wolves can cross rivers, so you can herd fast animals to the water so that they turn around and you can bite them. Elk are the only animals that spawn together, consisting of 8 cows and 1 bull. Cows are easy to kill if you have even stats and can be done by yourself, and so can bulls, but with bulls it's easier on multiplayer if you're looking for quick exp. There are also stanger wolves that will attack your pups if the territory marking gets low enough, although I've never checked to see if they are killable.There are a lot of roleplaying servers, although personally I myself haven't roleplayed in a long while, but if you're into that kind of stuff then that might be for you. They've made it so that you can have 8 to a pack, with two modes, the new one being the raising pups for multiplayer. I believe in the future they have a plan of adding a pack vs pack mode, which can be players vs players or players vs npcs (don't quote me on that). There are two different types of chats, one being the phrase chat where you pick and put together premade sentences and words, and the other is a free chat with only a few words banned. You can talk with each other from across the map, which makes roleplaying and cooperating good. They've added wolf 'emojis', too, which includes your wolf grinning, rolling onto their back, perking their ears forward to an alert state, and raising their tail threateningly. They have also added new pelts and being able to pick your howl, along with items like a limp and a tracking collar.There are 3 maps; Amethyst Mountain, where your wolf starts out on their search for a mate. Then you reach Slough Creek, and when you do it will be winter. Once you have pups, it will be spring. They have also added a new map, based on the Chernobyl disaster from what I understand, called Lost River. In the future, after your pups reach the Rendevous point, you will go to a new map that they also have planned where they pack vs pack will take place.In the game there is still quite a lot of glitches, including being able to jump your way into places, biting an elk while in water and being able to run under it, with others. So far I haven't encountered any that will destroy your game (there is one on multiplayer that I believe comes from the host of the game, but all you have to do is get back on the game if you crash).** I'll probably add more to this review as more items are added to the game. **I rate this game positive, although that might be my bias since I loved the old game. Instead of going off of anyone's word here reviewing the game, I'd suggest for anyone looking for information to watch gameplays of people playing. Singleplayer can be boring, but if you make some friends in multiplayer it can be different. Sometimes I myself will take a few months break before returning, just to refresh myself with other games. Hope you found my review helpful, and goodluck on deciding whether this is for you or not."
,Recommended,431180,22496149,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,RoxysWorld,It's so much fun when you have your pack helping you cuz teamwork is key
,Recommended,431180,22487571,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Freerider-Dave,"WolfQuestWolfQuest is a wildlife simulation game developed by the Minnesota Zoo and Eduweb. The game's main purpose is to help players understand wolves and the roles they play in nature by playing a gray wolf themselves. You to learn about wolf ecology by living the life of a wild wolf in Yellowstone National Park and is a family-friendly, fun game for people of all ages.The original game was released in 2008 and I was not aware of it until it came to Steam. The game has been tweaked for the Steam release with enhanced graphics, sound and gamplay features.Pro'sActive Developers (New features coming in June)Fun relaxing gameplay.Controller support.Very challenging on difficulty levels ""Arduos & Bring it on"".It's something different, I would like to see more games like this.Loading times are very short.Can play in servers with up to 8 players, hunting with other players is good fun.Con'sI like the Music in the game, however I'm not a fan of the guitar twang on every single attack hit you make.The main game in its self is very short.AI for your mate can somtimes go rogue and they just end up running off and doing something unlrelated to your task. (This is currentley being addressed)You can run out of things to do fast.Final ThoughtsThe overall game is fairly basic and can get repetitive, but it is still fun and has replay value. Eduweb have so far been active with updates and have stated they have plans for the future. Afterall when the game made it to Steam they didnt expect the influx of players, that much so that their servers could not handle it and they needed to upgrade it to maintain connectivity with thier servers and Steam. We have been recieving patch's with game tweaks since day one so all is looking great from a support point of view. Eduweb has already said they would look into making more games like this and perhaps adding more content to Wolf Quest if they belive people would buy it.Please see attached my 100% Achievement Guide.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=658506497See you in the hunting grounds,Freerider-Dave"
76561198188719771,Recommended,431180,31684861,Posted: 11 May,all,Dinodogdude209,"I remember back in 2013 playing wolfquest version 2.5. Seeing an updated version on steam gave me instant nostalgia. I recommend it to anyone who loves animals, especially wolves. While some graphical improvements would be nice, it isn't too much of a problem. All of the new animals and wolf skins are very well done and I love the concept for the new Lost River map. I would like to see more new content, like new animals and maps. I have heard that another episode for the game is in progress to be Downloadable Content, and the Mule Deer will be included in that episode. But I would like to see more animals added, like beavers and Bison. Beavers would live around water sources and bison would live in herds on parts of Amethyst Mountain and Slough Creek. Bison would have a similar amount of health and strength as the bull moose, and would be herd animals like the elk.Something else I'd to see is the ability for NPC wolves to have body variation, because player wolves can, and it would be cool to see other wolves with damaged ears, radio collars, and lame legs. I love the game as it is, but I feel that it doesn't feel complete and needs more content to be worth the $9.99 price tag.P.S. I'd love to see mod support for the game too!"
,Recommended,431180,22927321,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,NightWolf {ᴀ|ᴋ|ғ},"I've finally achieved my true form! This game is fun, my black wolf looks boss, and the puppies are so cute! I like the multiplayer, and it's fun to just run around and be a wolf. This is probably the only good wolf simulation game out there. It's also great for roleplaying. This game is also the reason I have a girlfriend. Long story. XD"
,Recommended,431180,26066484,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kaseyautumnenden,i just bought this game cause it looked fun and i love wolves it took 5 hours to complete the game and while i enjoyed it i wish they would add more when i completed the last mission i thought i would be able to see my pups grown up and that they would hunt with me and my mate and i thought i would be able to have more pups while my first now grown pups would help in raising the new pups but instead i had to start all over which was very disappionting i hope they will consider adding to the game where you can continue to grow with the pups and have more pups while the first generation will help with feeding if they add this to the game along with a few more missions and then free roam play after all missions are complete then i will happily play again overall it was a very nice game just hope it had more to it.
76561198174061954,Recommended,431180,22153961,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,"CC-3636 ""Wolffe""","If you're a animal/nature lover such as myself, you'll love this game. It has a ton of content, is really immersive and realistic, and tears at your heart strings when you lose a pup to a fellow hunter.  There are several very large open world maps to explore, many animals to hunt, and opportunities to build your own pack. You get a lot for only $9.99. Simply a must own. 9/10"
76561198127015815,Recommended,431180,25663156,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MoonSlayer,"It's actually more than I expected since the last version.I played the game when I was quite young and I enjoyed it, only to grow bored of it quickly. The new map you've added is nice, and I enjoy the refreshing multiplayer mode. Thanks for fixing up the chat to where it can stay appropriate within the game's rules, yet it's not so restricting that it's difficult to communicate. I also love that the max player count has been upped from 5 to 8.The graphics have improved quite a bit, and while the game was a bit laggy when I first opened it, it eventually ran decently on the fastest settings. I love the new howls and wolf designs.Why I like this game:- It's got a simple theme to it: Wolf Survival. Yet, it's challenging.- People of many ages can enjoy it.- The multiplayer can provide room for people to be creative with their roleplays and interactions. You can be a full pack raising pups, or you can be a lone wolf struggling to co-exist with a rival pack, or even coyotes and foxes. (I have seen people roleplay as non-wolf canines.)- The graphics are nice and aren't so overdone that an average computer struggles to run it.My problems (in experience) with the game:- The third, new map has an oddly different theme to the first two maps. Honestly, it doesn't fit in for me. It may be because it's new, or just a personal preference.- The pups. Oh my god, the pups are absolutely a pain to work with when relocating. Because they refuse to be carried more than several steps, you're forced to have them follow you for most of the way. However, in my experience, my pups refused to follow. When I tried to carry one across the sandbar, my wolf was forced to put it down automatically halfway through which resulted in the pup drowning. Not to mention they're obnoxiously slow, so a lot of the journey is standing around waiting for your pups to follow. I've no clue if this is a bug or not, but it's personally made the relocation mission nearly impossible for me to complete. I've yet to get my final pup across the sandbar. (I cannot resort to another option as a stranger wolf pack will not let me pass without  crossing the river.) On the last version I played, I don't remember the pups forcing you to put them down when trying to carry them through the journey.Nothing more, really. A few of my personal suggestions:- If your wolf has a limp, maybe give it a speed disadvantage? Or maybe disallow it from running properly. The only difference is that the animation is slightly changed to resemble limping, but in real life, wolves can suffer major hardships if they have a limp in the leg.- Jumping is completely useless right now. Your wolf pauses before and after jumping, which makes absolutely no difference than just running without a jump.- Fix the pup AI to where they actually follow you during the final mission. Like I said, they won't let my carry them far, and when I let them try to follow me, they refuse to move at all, or are just extremely slow. They followed me for a bit in the beginning, but after that, my mate had to just carry one of the pups to me while the other slowly followed before they just didn't want to follow me any longer.- A natural day and night cycle would be neat. I'm not sure if that's already in, but I couldn't notice anything. It would add more of a realistic element than relying on sleeping to change the time of day.Like I said, I do like this game, but there are things that need to be fixed."
,Recommended,431180,25916651,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,✧ alpha,"First review. Wow..Note that, I've played Wolf Quest for years now, since about 2010. I have fond memoriesof running aimlessly through the mountains getting killed by bears. The game still has that butit's better. But- I'm going to be making some comparisons in this review to the older versions.So, Wolf Quest. In short, it's a game where you control a wolf. It had twomain episodes, Amethyst Mountain, where you interact with wolves to get a mate,then Slough Creek, where you and your mate raise pups.It's a pretty simple. and can be beaten in about a day.It mainly consists of running around in nature hunting elk andchasing off predators in those episodes though. I wish there could be more variety in missionsand gameplay, but seeing how it's now on Steam and it can be updatedeasily, I think that just might happen. Who knows?IMPROVEMENTS?- Elk Hunting is actually possible now and won't include you dying multiple times, and it actually requires some skill other than just running at something and hoping you kill it.- The final mission would be very glitchy for me in some versions. It's all fixed now.- MULTIPLAYER IS ACTUALLY GOOD!! With the inclusion of taking care of pups with other players, it's much better. Just so much better. + The chat actually works without censoring every word. If you played older versions, you know what I'm talking about.- It is just overall more polished and fixed.- No more creepy zombie pup glitch.NEW THINGS?- Multiple animals, including cougars and foxes. They aren't much, but they are interesting and add a bit more life to world around you.- The 3D crows + better modeled dead elk corpses. Again like above, it just adds more realism.- The graphics. I can actually tell the graphics look different, horray. This is just me, but when I played older versions of WQ on my laptop, it'd run fine with no lag, the new version.. is a different story. Whatever though.- Customization and wolf names in multiplayer! You are no longer just your username and a generic unnamed grey wolf!- Difficulty... kinda (see difficulty for my full thoughts)- Lost River, a new map. It's a pretty large map and it has a lot of secrets. It has some glitches here and there but it'll keep you exploring for a while.DIFFICULTY THING...?Okay, the difficulty, while a neat idea, is sometimes unbearably hard. I did a bring it on game for the fun in multiplayer.. It was one of the worst things ever. I didn't even get an achievement for doing it. It took me 3 straight hours of non-stop running back and feeding the pups. Just don't do this. Seriously. DO NOT.TIPS?WHEN TAKING CARE OF YOUR PUPS HERE'S THE ALL FAMOUS STRATEGY- kill all the elk you can- go to the tree den- have pups- let 3 die- feed one and protect one till the final mission comes- run fast with the pup in your mouth- cross the bank at the shallow parts- keep running...- you win.^ just do it.I never do four full puppy runs anymore. Mainly due to the stamina meter going down too fast.It's just a draining task that's no fun. Or maybe that's just me because I've played this game through and through at least 30 times.Things I don't like- Why don't achievements work in multiplayer sometimes..?- THAT FINAL PUP MISSION WITH FOUR PUPS AND STAMINA AND BRING IT ON. NO.- Not sure if it's just me, but the fur rendering only appears on other wolves/animals and not my main wolf.- The mate AI is still pretty dumb. While it isn't just playing the game and hunting for you, it still randomly bugs out during the pup mission. It contributes nothing to help carrying your pups across the world, except for random times when it does.FINAL THOUGHTS:Wolf Quest is a much better and polished version of the older games. I'm sure that old fans of the gameswill enjoy this very much, even if it does cost this time around, I think the price is fine and if someone really wants it then go for it. For anyone else who's skeptical, just skip this game. You aren't missing out on much. But if you are interested, I think it'll please you. The older versions are still available for free download on WQ's official site, if you wanna try those out too.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,431180,22149017,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SpookySuper,"Updating my review a little;;Been playing this game since 2008 and I've always been a fan of it, though I usually spent more time on the forum than the game, but I did play it a lot before joining the forum !Basically it's a wolf simulator, you live the life of a wolf, finding a mate, hunting, finding a den, raising pups etc. The controls are quite easy to master and with the new updated game, the new map, the achievements, the being able to raise pups in multiplayer, it has come a long way from the neat little game it used to be.I've always loved wolves but this game made me love them even more, it's probably the reason I'm so obsessed with them. I've met some pretty cool people playing this game and I've enjoyed every minute of it.Wolfquest 3.0 look absolutely smashing and I look forward to seeing the new mechanics they're introducing and the new map, plus the pups being all grown up, that'll be exciting !Though some multiplayer games can be rather cringey in the terms of roleplayers (not all of them I suppose?), it's still a fantastic game and I would recommend it to anyone who has yet to try it."
76561197982587622,Recommended,431180,22056695,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,taw.audie,Great game! Very educational and immersive. You also get the satisfaction of supporting a worthy cause through your purchase; it's a win-win :)10/10
,Recommended,431180,28488444,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,An Actual Lion,I played this game way back when before it had even added seasonal changes and was delighted to find that the game had been added to steam with a ton of new features! It carries a lot of fond memories for me and other animal lover kids who spent too much time playing this game. Definitely worth the price for a nice stroll down memory lane and then some.
76561198295145560,Recommended,431180,32418888,Posted: 14 June,all,Falconstar,"I highly recomend this to young players, like me, who want to know as much as possible about the Eco System and a wolf pack's daily life. Being an animal lover, playing this brings joy to my heart and I'm sure it'll do the same for you.Tho you need the full game to have all features (Multiplayer servers, Lost river, ect) you can still have fun running around, hunting elk, fighting for dominace with others wolves, it's a great game!The full version is great, I've seen many Warrior Cat roleplays on the servers and the full game allows getting a mate, going to Slough Creek, and raising pups."
,Recommended,431180,29408922,Posted: 21 January,all,Asase,For someone whos playing this Game since its beginning... I'm really happy to see where it has taken us.I can't say that its a Game which is finished - it still needs work and much of this. But it has potentialwhich should be explored and nourished. If you search for something new and in a perspective otherthan human - then this is a game for you.
76561198204050785,Recommended,431180,24603281,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GhostTheWolf,"This game is very well built. Yes for me, most of my games I purchase from Steam are laggy but It's slightly better now. I hope that the game adds Bison, being able to trespass onto other pack's territories and such. Really wanting calves for the elk during Spring. Like during this period, two rival bulls rutting. You could quickly take down a cow. Same with Bison. Overall, this game has improved a whole lot since the 2.5, which I still play. One thing I am really wanting is that the surviving pups from single player could be in the next litter, like some have another. There are so many new things being added and improved into the game, that it doesn't even look almost anything like the 2.5 version. I highly recommend you buy or download the demo. Or you could look at some videos of the game, to make sure you want it. I would've been playing earlier, but I had this blue-screen problem but I fixed it. If anything, you should get this game."
,Recommended,431180,22050521,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TimberWolfGamer,"WolfQuest is one of my favorite childhood games and I'm very glad its making a comeback. I definitely recommend purchasing this game, especially since they plan on making more updates throughout time. Its not one of the smoothest games in the world, but its the best animal simulator I've ever seen or experienced. If you're a wolf lover like me this game is for you. In the past the multiplayer systems didnt really work, but the new updates now fix these issues and make for interesting gameplay or RP. Since its newly introduced to steam I would expect a few issues, but the community is so active I doubt any new issues will exist for more than 1-2 weeks."
,Recommended,431180,34635799,Posted: 31 August,all,Nuggers,"To the Game,Thank you for being the most consistent thing in my life.Even on the worst of days, I knew I could turn to you and find peace of mind. You were not going anywhere and I always had you to fall back on.Thank you for giving me an outlet.When life became too stressful, I knew I could zone it all out and have a productive two hour game. During that time, nothing else mattered and it was the perfect outlet to deal with stress.Thank you for teaching me.From you, I've learned the importance of teamwork, self- motivation, failure, and strength. Each fox hunt allowed me to experience these lessons and so much more.Thank you for challenging me.Through you, I have learned more about myself than any other experience. You constantly challenged me and pushed me farther than I ever thought I could go.Thank you for giving me my friends.Whether it is the friends I played with when I was 12 or now, I have been lucky enough to find people who love you as much as I do. Nothing brings people together better than some small wolf puppers or a rotting elk.Thank you for the memories.You've allowed me to experience some of the coolest trips, longest days, and best friends. I've made memories that I will cherish forever.I'll always appreciate the lessons and memories you've given me...Wolfquest saved my lifejk i bought it because my gf is playing it"
76561198268262194,Recommended,431180,25686074,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FringeTech,"When i first started this game i wasn't sure what to expect..I had been looking through Steam originally for big cat survival games when i came across WolfQuest,I liked wolves and the idea of playing as one kinda drew me in, it had me wondering how the developers would go about making such a game.Needless to say i was rather curious, and after starting the game i really enjoyed it.GAME MECHANICS:The mechanics were rather effective both for wolf abilities and changing to ones playstyle.In the wolf creation screen there is an abilities tab where you can alter its stats, you can balance these or completely max one out if you so chose.Once in the game those stats will effect how fast you can run, how much stamina you have, and how much damage you can take, these can change how you hunt, fight, travel, etc.In-game there is also several unique features which add fairly realistic senarios to gameplay,the first being a scent view.In the real world wolves can track other creatures by smell, but since this is a game instead when in scent view the world will go black and white and if a creature has passed by one will see colored orbs trailing across the ground in the path it went, the stronger the color the fresher the trail.Secondly there is a weather system.This will effect any current scent trails, causing them to fade faster as if being washed away.The third main feature is a wind system.Over time the wind direction will change, which can be seen by the compass in the HUD.This means if you are upwind of something it will notice you at a much farther range while if you are downwind you can get extremely close before detection.SINGLEPLAYER:I played Singleplayer first, which would be recomended since there is a tutorial-ish set up which can be turned off in the settings.Singleplayer was quite nice but a bit short, Once one hunts down enough prey to have 800 experience points you can get a mate, once you have a mate you can leave the Amethyst Mountain map to Slough Creek.Once you go to the Slough Creek map you can chose a den and raise puppies, but once you get your surviving kin to the Summer Site thats it, the campaign is done..However since the developers now sell the game it gives more reliable funding, so new episodes are more likely to be produced.MULTIPLAYER:Multiplayer has two modes atm.There is a Pack Life mode where players can just hunt, talk or whatever else within any of the maps,while there is also a Raise Pups mode for players who want to play more of the campaign but with more people in the Slough Creek map.This gives the game much more replay-ability than just the Singleplayer alone.Multiplayer also features a chat, with Text/Phrase chat for public games and the additional voice chat for private games.It is worth noting however that multiplayer does require you to make an in-game account and verify it before you can play.The community is also quite good, players are of varying ages but most are still extremely friendly and inviting.You may occationally find those odd players that are rude or inappropriate but that is a given in any community...Plus for such players there is a reporting and kicking function.BUGS & LAG:The game depending on your computer can lag hard, though even at the minimum requirements the game usually runs quite well.The only exeption i've noticed is when around water my framerate can drop like a stone for a second or two.As for bugs i've seen quite a few, but the majority were in multiplayer where the addition of other people made for easier work arounds, plus the developers are quite good at fixing them when they start occuring so most updates fix such issues.DEVELOPERS:The developers of this game may be some of the best i've seen,they are quite friendly and seem to genuinely care about their game's players.If you have a problem they are quite fast at attending to it, and more than willing to offer help with any game issues.This is something that i personally really like, and the devs certainly have my respect for that.All in all this for sure is a game i would suggest, as it is now i would likely give it a 8.5/10."
76561198303288682,Recommended,431180,24439030,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,FiggerNaggot,"I really love how it does give you a realistic look from the wolves POV, Wolfquest will always have a special place in my heart as I have played it ever since the beginning and have loved it nonstop. If you love wolves, I really do suggest you buy it. You won't regret it <3"
,Recommended,431180,23351172,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Maluke,"I really love this game, it's one of the first games I ever played (on the computer) And It was lovely then, Even greater now.Tough Is it just me who isn't getting any Achievements? everything else works fine.."
,Recommended,431180,23416860,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mar,"If you like wolves, this is a game for you. Not really much to say about it, just try it, it's worth it."
76561198291722782,Recommended,431180,22706981,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,❣Nigнт€¢нø❣,"This game is really Amazing it let you experience what a wolf life is like,before i played this game i thought being a wolf would be pretty easy,oh how was i dead wrong wolves have so much Predators like bears cayotes stranger wolves it's really tough work to raise pups as wolf,what i loved the most about this game is that you can play online with friends and raise pups with them how amazing is that,i learnd so much about this game about stuff i didn't knew about wolvesi HIGHLY recommend this game"
76561198001683612,Recommended,431180,32969200,Posted: 28 June,all,Squee42,"There I was playing wolfquest when I was confronted by players trying to ban me. They thought I was there to drown pups though I have no idea where they got such an idea. Sure. my name was Pupdrowner2. but that wasn't who I really was. I believe one's actions define you, not your name, race or creed.The second game I joined was full of wolves claiming to be ""Angels"" and ""Demons' I was confused because the game is called wolf quest, and to my knowledge wolves don't have a religous theocracy. Then they started talking about hwo they were ""bleeding from their thighs"" and I noped out of the server.Only 2 Games in and I adore this game 17/10"
,Recommended,431180,29347717,Posted: 18 January,all,Cat Transcendence,Heres what I did:I became a wolfI killed another wolfAnother wolf ran awayI ran away from a wolfI ate a rabbitI ran away from a wolf againI found my true love[/spoiler] I had pups with them [/spoiler]Two of my pups diedI threatened a pack by going in their territoryI then made a new game because taking care of only two pups makes me feel lonely10/10 would play again
,Recommended,431180,33524067,Posted: 13 July,all,MysticWolf,"This game is AMAZING! It is now my fav game, no doubt.Pros:Easy ControlsMultiplayers is AWESOMEI can't wait for Tower Falls!Hunting is kinda hard but kinda easy.The options for the wolves pelt is very cool ^^Mostly everything else ^^Roleplaying is AWESOMECons:Kinda LaggyIt took FOREVER to figure out how to use multiplayerThats it ^^ Not many cons :DI DEFINATLY recommend you buy this game! Or atleast try the demo :D"
76561198208439335,Recommended,431180,30371524,Posted: 7 March,all,RylieBeast,"I really like this game It's a fun, smart, playful, and cute game with the many challenges as a lone and an adult wolf. You get to custimize your wolf, its stats, its howl, and what it wears. The rules of this game are fine and are good for younger players who play, but sometimes people will report others for either miss spells or they re arange the words nd sends a screenshot to one of the Modders. Although, if this hapens, WQ HQ gives you three chances and tells you not to say those words and will send an email to your account. This is a very good game, and I do love it very much."
,Recommended,431180,24683390,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CasWay413,"So, I've been playing WolfQuest since 2010, back when it was a free game, and let me say that it has grown SO much. Old bugs have been fixed (I originally stopped playing because once they ran out of funds and stopped developing, a glitch appeared where you couldn't bite anything, thereby rendering the game unplayable), new content has been added (new animals, new customization options, new maps, etc.), and it's generally smoother and more reliable than before.For new players, welcome to the exciting world of wolves! This game shows a relatively accurate representation of what it is like to be a two year old wolf in Yellowstone! If you're interested in wolves, nature, or like meeting new people, this is a really good game for you, especially if you like roleplaying, because we never seem to run out of roleplaying servers in multiplayer. If you're a hardcore gamer that likes action 24/7, however, I would suggest playing the demo first, to make sure this game satisfies you. There are times when it gets quiet, but there are modes that allow you to fill in those spaces. For example, multiplayer will fill the gaps with friendly chat amongst other players, and the Bring It On difficulty will have you constantly on the alert for predators. (Generally, however, the demo is a good idea for beginning players.)Also, if you're wondering if it's worth the $10.00, it totally is. Old players and new players (myself included) have both confirmed that they did not mind the price once they started playing. Plus, the game is constantly updating, so you are not only paying $10.00 for the game that it currently is, but you are also paying for future updates and ensuring that this game continues on.If you are still unsure,wolfquest.orgwould be the place to visit for any questions."
76561198168495230,Recommended,431180,26035837,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[NS] Flame Alistar,"Amazing game. Really captures the reality of the wolf <3 Had this game a long time ago and it was free, decided to buy it, and i dont regret it. Just beautiful"
,Not Recommended,431180,31532546,Posted: 3 May,all,Meko,"Okay so, I love wolves. To death. I was so excited to see this game and get to live the life of a wolf. I beat the game in about 3 hours maybe? I'm not sure. I was hoping you could keep growing your family and have a large pack running around and hunting together, since that's what wolves are all about. But no. You have puppies, get them to a point, never see them grow up, and it's game over. Really disappointed because of how many great reviews this has. I don't understand how people have so many hours on this game. I beat it really quick why would I do it all over again without a reward of somekind?"
,Recommended,431180,22254005,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fishysaurus,Wolf Quest saddly this Is going to be a short review but this game Is a Wolf lovers dream I played this game a few years ago and It Is the same amount of fun I give this game a 10/10 But a few things should be changed.
,Recommended,431180,27987763,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fsociety,"Amazing game about wolves survival. Besides constant struggle for your life as hunting and encountering other predators you have a quest as a young wolf - to find a mate and create a pack of your own. Isn't it romantic? Start a family and then raise your pups always on guard, ready to chase away another threat to their lives.I've made acquintance to this game around 10 years ago, but there was another version available on the official website, maybe second part which is not available on steam. It was free to play and better looking, but lacked some functions that are present here. I loved the game and had great time with other people on the servers.I decided to join public games, hoping to remember good old days. Well. Better make a private game xD Children will love it though, as the average age of players is around 12-16. :(The soundtrack by the way is brilliant. Man, I can rate this game 10/10 just for that amazing music!You won't find better wolf simulator, that I guarantee."
76561198123028362,Not Recommended,431180,22146423,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tamsin,"Don't judge the graphics purely off of the screenshots, this IS an old game. I mean, nearly ten years.The graphics were not the issue for me, it was the fact that it bored me so quickly.Initially I really liked the idea of the game, and I love wolves. So it seemed like a win win situation, but it was very disappointing.I mean, there's only so much you can do before it becomes increasingly repetitive.I really wanted to like this game, but I just coudn't.For the price, it's not bad. If you want to try it, you probably should, it just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,431180,28503258,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kittyycat,This game is so fun and I love the little pups they're so cute! :3
76561198110878507,Recommended,431180,28754878,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,connie maheswaran,i felt myself physically becoming a furry while downloading this game
76561198025671555,Recommended,431180,22057348,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,beepbeeplove,"Adorable and educational, great way to spend an afternoon, and maybe more."
,Recommended,431180,22560509,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Snowtoes,"Wolfquest is a fantastic game!WolfQuest, along with Shelter 2, is one of the few animal simulation games that I really enjoyed and thought was extremely realistic along with what happens in nature. It was nice graphics for the time it was made (which I think is good in general), the soundtrack is great, the controls work really well, and it was interesting gameplay.The starts off saying you're a two-year-old Gray Wolf in Yellowstone, that's looking for a mate and den to live in. You hunt about 8 Elk to get 800 exp. and then you go off to wolf territory to get yourself this wolf of your dreams..er, the wolf you created dreams.After you get your mate (which can take either a short time or a rather long time, one time it took me around 15 minutes because I didn't exactly understand what to do at first, haha), you can either stay on the mountain and explore and hunt more, or you can go to the creek where you will raise your cubs and start a family.Now, after you get to the creek, you look for a den. After you find the den you desire, you do a few more things to confirm the territory, and then the four puppies are born! If you have enough exp., you can name 'em. Naming the little things is pretty fun after a while, if I say so myself.After the pups are born and named/left un-named, you begin to take care of them! You have to keep them heathly, well-fed, and..well...alive, for the most part.Afterwards, you have to bring your puppies on a long and potentially dangerous journey. you have to keep atleast one cub alive until you reach your destination, and then, guess what? Congrats, you've finished the game!Anyways, sorry if that was a little too long. WolfQuest in my opinion is a 9.5 out of 10, and would be a 10/10 if it had told me I needed an account to get achievments..I spent hours getting all of 'em only to realize my steam account had not picked up on any I'd gotten and I had to completely restart everything. It was kinda annoying."
76561198209130265,Recommended,431180,28927290,Posted: 1 January,all,IllumiWolf1029,"One day, I was in search for a new game to play. I saw that one of my friends on steam played this, so I said to myself ""Eh, it's pretty cheap, i'll try it out."" I struggled at first, (those stupid elk) and I said ""WHY DID I BUY THIS STUPID GAME?!?!?"" But the more I played it, the better I got. I quickly fell in deep love with this game. This game is the reason wolves are my favorite animals. I recommend this game to anybody who loves good quality simulator games, animals, challenges, exploration, and of course, wolves.PROS:-Gorgeous grahics-Great soundtrack-Animal models are accurate-Great vareity of customization-Addictive-Challenging-Pups are so cute! ^-^CONS:-Can be laggy at some times-Rivers are very difficult to cross with pups-Multiplayer sever will delete if owner leaves the server-Once you make a username (not the wolf's name) for an account you can't change it (I learned that the hard way)"
76561198189829142,Recommended,431180,25825202,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Moorhen,"Hi! I played this game when it was available for free by download, and I loved it and still do, as I bought it on steam yesterday. My only complaint is that I was playing fine on multiplayer yesterday, but now I'm not able to, it says I have to log in, but when I try to, I have to run steam (which I was already doing) and now I cannot play multiplayer."
,Recommended,431180,25506504,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,wolfcub46,"This game is beautiful, has a fantastic soundtrack and is actually kind of peaceful if you play by yourself. It is quite fun to do the multiplayer because to do some things, you have to communicate and is awesome for role-players."
76561198034759640,Recommended,431180,25798316,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,glowingeyes666,"A great game for roleplayers. I recommend to learn to hunt and find a mate in singleplayer and then try to keep your first litter of pups alive. Once you know the ropes jump into multiplayer and enjoy playing with a great community. You will discover for yourself that the life of a wild wolf is certainly not a walk in a (Yellowstone National) Park unless you work together. There are a lot of achievements to unlock and quite a few ways of customizing your wolf. It never gets boring just to explore the scenery and the music is quite enjoyable too. The quest in WolfQuest depends on the map you are on. Basically there are three different overall tasks: find a mate, defend and raise your pups and bring them to the summer hunting ground. There are four difficulties that scale in my choice of words from 'need to always stay on my paws' to 'extinction is only one step away'. Facing the challenges WolfQuest has to offer either as a lone wolf, in a pack or in a roleplay group is what makes this game so rewarding.edit: I nominated this game for the The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award because of the cattle ranch. What better use is there for a farm animal than to eat it? (at least for a wolf)"
76561198196963107,Recommended,431180,26167410,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Horsin'Around321,"In this game, there is a singleplayer and multiplayer. In singleplayer, you are a two-year-old wolf who is out in the world on its own. You look for a mate and then you can have a wolf family. In multiplayer, you can chat with, play with, pretend to have a realistic pack or just have fun with actual other players.Pros:+great graphics+real interactions with other players, such as avert gaze to show submission, or raise tail to show dominance, and many more!+there are many options to make your wolf look just how you want it to+it is really fun to play with other players and even without others+there are  lot more things for you to discover!Cons:+there are only four maps but two are the same+the game wont run well if you have bad internet or internet problemsIf you are the maker of the game, you can kick obnocious players, but if someone is disobeying the game rules, youu can report them ingame by going to pack stats by pressing esc, and press there name then press report.I think you will really enjoy this game! The makers promise a lot more maps and interactions in regular updates. This game is definatly worth the money!"
76561198185577658,Recommended,431180,24347603,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,_ S p i r i t _,I think this is the best wolf simulation i have ever seen! One complaint though..... As soon as you kill flies come and i don't think there that fast. More skins? More emotions ? More land scapes and maybe 1 more pup to be added and when whoever names the pup can it look like the person in my perspective it would be cool! ANYWAY GREAT GAME 10/10!!
,Recommended,431180,22541837,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sparky,"This is exactly what it says, a wolf simulator through and through. It looks pretty good compared to some of the other one's I've played and is easily the best wolf/dog simulator I've seen on steam. Same can be said for the sound (wildlife instead of music makes it seem more real). You literally feel like you are a wolf when you are dropped into the world and forced to hunt. Actually having to use your senses makes it interesting as does cutting off an elk from the group to get it, raising a family, and things like hunting bears requiring a pack of your own make it more realistic. However, the biggest negative for me were the controls. Using the keyboard feels okay though a few things are pretty unresponsive no matter how you set up things. Namely using a controller was impossible as things were just odd and too awkward to use (which sucks because that ruins the game to an extent for me anyway). That said, totally worth it if you like these type of games (or like me and just really like the canine family) then pick it up on sale. The asking price at the monent isn't really worth it."
,Recommended,431180,22094581,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dtravz,"It took me three hours to beat the game, and I loved every second of it. I was actually very upset when the game ended. I wanted to be able to raise my pups into adult wolves, and then control a pack of wolves and go on big pack hunting missions. I spent so much effort raising my pups, I wish I could have seen them through adulthood."
,Recommended,431180,24289856,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kittywish,"I have had the game on Steam for a while, and also played it a long time ago when it was quite a bit newer. The game has definitely improved over time, with better graphics and more animals that you can interact with. I haven't experienced any issues that would prevent me enjoying this game. The people in multiplayer also tend to be very welcoming and friendly to everyone."
76561198119793823,Recommended,431180,23110419,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ZalynnScizuki,"I played this game so long ago. I find it funny that once I got into it and showed my friends. They started to play it as well. I got them so addicted to it that we played it all the time. What makes this funny is, they weren't even wolf fans like I was. They just like the gameplay.Sadly, the computer I used to play it on, broke and I forgot about the game for awhile. Suddenly I saw it on steam and I was so happy to have it back! Glad they finally fixed the multiplayer so I can play with my friends.Though they promise to update it over the years and it's the same gameplay as before. I wished they added more to it, like a after story after moving the pups from the den.Overall a really good game! I'm glad to have it back."
76561198273210745,Recommended,431180,24148814,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FireWolf1319,"I love this game so much! I love playing as a wild wolf raising pups or roaming the land with friends in multiplayer. I am not sure what future updates you're working on, but I would like to make a suggestion. In multipayer, if you're starting a game, you either choose ""Pack Life"" or ""Raise Pups"". What if you could do both? I was thinking something like ""Four Seasons"". (Each season is only like 5 in-game days) You start in the Fall and make friends and look around at some potential dens (maybe add a few more acattered around). In the Winter, you choose a mate on the server by pressing something like Ctrl + Shift + M. A list of the players in two columns (seperated by Male and Female), if you're male you can only pick from the female column and vis vursa. (username of player and their in-game wolf name) If you click on someone, they are sent a little pop up saying something like (ex.) ""Arrow wants to be your mate. Do you accept?"" Then you click yes or no, after that you two have to agree on a den. (Can only get a mate in Winter) Then Spring begins once Winter has ended. You two have 4 pups (or it could be randomized, whatever floats your boat) and you have to take care of them until the next Fall. In the Spring they are the size of the pups and then in the Summer they are bigger, but not adults yet. They hunt with you (like the NPC's in single player), they attack coyotes and foxes, but not the bears or cougars. By then you don't have to feed them anymore. Then at the end of Summer, or the first day of Fall, you get another pop up saying something like ""Your pups are no longer pups and are ready to live on their own. They will remember everything you have taught them and will teach it to their own pups in a few more years."" Then ""Keep the same mate?"" CLick yes or no and if they leave you just pick someone new.I am so sorry this was so long, but I had alot to say. I am not sure if this would be to complex and complicated, it was just a suggestion. Thank you for making this AMAZING game!"
76561198105526690,Recommended,431180,22092269,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,VixenVex,"Is wolf quest an amazing beautiful game that is going to break the game industry forever?No, No it is notIs wolf quest a wonderful game that everyone should at least try?Yes, yes it isWolf quest is not some state of the art amazing with deep story. Wolf quest is what you make of it. You create your character (a wolf of course) and have them do as you please- you make your own story. This game is not complex or deep but it is entertaining and a wonderful game to play when you're either bored or stressed out. I played this game for hours as a child when I was in my weird wolf obsessed middle school phase and it provided me hours of fun and good memories. For that reason I am glad to spend $10 and play it again and try out the new features. Its an entertaining game, its a good game. If you are looking for intense story lines and beautiful state of the art graphics- this is not for you. If you are looking for a nice wolf simulator game, looking to have a challenge and create your own story I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,431180,22874113,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ツ,"I REALLY enjoy the new update! Even though I had some troubles at the beginning, I thank WQ for helping me. I was desperately sick of not playing WQ for so long, so I thought I'd check into WQ once again, and bam, update! Love it!"
76561198201953198,Recommended,431180,33362467,Posted: 7 July,all,Waifu,"I'm only recomending this game because there's no in between option.I used to play this game back when I was a kid and I had a lot of fun with it. However, it still had a ton of problems back them. So naturally I was suprised to see it on Steam and under a new developement team and thought that it would be improved. They have...somewhat. There's still a lot of issues I have.The good:-More costumization options- Good music-Expanded areas that provide some mystery- Vastly improved AI for your mate- Updates are well scheduled-X-Box Controller enabled-Online Multiplayer funThe bad:-Tedious gameplay-Buggy and glitch-filled-AI still a big issue-Not much to do in the main story-Laggy, especially in multiplayer-Graphical issues are common- Has some collison issues"
76561198279636219,Recommended,431180,25701617,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Pheonomon,"I really enjoy this game, its pretty fun to explore an awesome map, and get achievements while doing so. I would definitely recommend this game. I listed a few things that kinda bug me, and things I enjoy.-I feel like the Lost River is really out of place here. I mean, I hardly ever play in it because its so eerie! (I get scared easily) I feel like if there's ever a new map added, it should at least be fun to explore, I'm always at the edge of my seat while trying to play through it to get achievements. Its an amazingly pretty map, but I feel it would get even more attention if there was something to do besides just getting achievements and trying to solve the creepy abandoned town's mystery.-I love that this game is still getting new things added to it, keeping it interesting, and giving you even more achievements to hunt for.-Another thing with the Lost River, I really feel like another part should be added to it! Like in Slough Creek, you move on to a new land to raise your pups. But in Lost River, you just stay in the same place.Overall I think this game is pretty fun! Yes, it has minor flaws, but every good game does.I'd say 8/10"
76561198281159814,Recommended,431180,25980544,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Chartayfenyote,great timekiller.It's also my childhood so-
,Recommended,431180,31778870,Posted: 15 May,all,skylexar,"Ahh yes, WolfQuest. I first started playing this game when I was around 8-9. I loved wolves almost as much as I loved my own mother. I remember this game clearly, it was educational and fun. I met a lot of friends who were just like me, die-hard wolf lovers. Roleplaying was great, too. The main game was a bit lacking, I agree, but as an 8 year old that didn't bother me. (probably because I could never get to my summer den without 3/4 of my pups dying, therefore I probably played the main story dozens of times). After a few years later, it was reccomended to me on Steam and I decided to try it. It was quite cool, seeing that it was still being updated. I replayed the main story and finished it quite quickly. It's just as fun and educational as I remember it. The graphics may be behind, but thats probably what I expect from a game this old. It's grown a lot in the past few years, and I'm glad to see my favorite childhood game attracting old and new players. I personally have yet to try the main story game since the update/s that added the new animals (moose, fox, etc), so I may come back and edit this at a later date. Thanks for keeping my childhood alive!"
76561198243760644,Recommended,431180,23895541,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AkumaYOI,"This game is amazing. It follows the real life ""routine"" as a gray wolf. Realistic landscapes, accurate wolves, difficulty levels to chose from. And it's not stopping there! This game is still updating to make itself better. I would definetly recommend this game to a person who would like a realistic wolf simulator."
76561198136927104,Recommended,431180,28582384,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,lovelylady210002003,I joinedWolfquest.orgmany years ago when I first heard of it through a chat site. I loved the free version. This version is a bit better. I enjoy playing alongside my husband and he has grown as an Alpha in the game.All in all I highly recommend this game
,Recommended,431180,28105581,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sharp312,"This game is amazing! Its about a wolf that you can customize (including stamina strength etc) that you control. You need to find a mate and have pups, finally you need to protect them and take them to the rendevouz site. Its really hard with a full pack."
,Recommended,431180,32058993,Posted: 30 May,all,depy.tru,Its the best wolf simulator game ive ever seen!I really suggest you to buy it if you are a big wolf fan!
,Recommended,431180,28850809,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hailrin,"7.5/10Fairly enjoyable casual game. Pick this one up if you like wolves, wildlife, or playing relaxing sims.Pros- Nice graphics- Wide customization- Relaxing gameplay- Kid-friendly and educational- Recent updates!- Optional online multiplayerCons- Short gameplay- Some parts can be frustrating, like crossing rivers with pups- May or may not be replayable to youThis game was easy enough for my six year old brother to pick up and play without trouble, and several years later it's not much more difficult. There's not much to it if you're looking for long-term gameplay unless you want to get all of the achievements, but that should not sway you from picking this up if it interests you.There is a multi-player functionality, but as I have not played it I will not comment on it.The game starts out easy enough. You play a wolf on the search for a mate. Earn points by taking down prey and predators, but beware bull elk and bears! You must find three packs in the map and play a ""minigame"" of sorts to interact with them. Successfully running off pack wolves will earn you points, but they can take your health down to near-death if they're stronger than you and you don't run away when they tell you too!Once you find the three packs, you can start seeing ""dispersal wolves"". You can make these your mate. Once you have a mate, hunting becomes much easier, and you can continue playing in the first map or you can move on to raising pups. This game is very kid-friendly (with the exception of possibly prey corpses when you feed), so don't worry about any actual mating being depicted. You move straight from choosing a den in the next map to guarding your active pups.One great thing since this game has come to Steam is that a lot of the bugs with the pup stage have been worked out. Before I found the game very difficult, as my mate would stand around doing nothing while predators attacked my pups literally every two seconds, leaving me no time to hunt to feed them.This is no longer the case!Predators attack much less frequently, and your mate will run to carcasses to bring food to your pups. Playing on the easiest setting was easy but not brainless when it came to this stage, which was nice.From here, you take your pups on a journey to the summer hunting ground, which means leading them across the map. I found this to be the most difficult stage, particularly carrying pups across the river without them drowning. The easiest thing I found was to take one pup across and then let my mate carry them all across the two parts of the river crossing. The hardest part of this stage is keeping all your pups fed throughout the journey, as you move far from any elk herds. Keep your belly full of ""food for pups""!If I remember correctly, the game ends here. You can, however, play as one of your surviving pups, or a new wolf altogether! You can play through the previous stages endlessly. Beyond this, there's not too much gameplay to be had unless you want to partake in the online multiplayer.All in all, I recommend this game if you enjoy an occasional play here and there to relax. Don't expect to get hundreds and hundreds of hours out of this one without getting bored at some point! Otherwise, it's a great stress-relieving simulation game."
,Recommended,431180,32353605,Posted: 11 June,all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,Watch out for the Wolves!
,Recommended,431180,34419577,Posted: 22 August,all,Whaaaaaaaatt,"I like it, I just don't like how 90% of the servers are roleplay."
76561198018771921,Recommended,431180,30248782,Posted: 28 February,all,LORD OF THE NAUGHTY BUNS,Why did you remove text chat? :( wolfquest is boring now I will recomend the game because its ok but why did you remove text chat
76561198320459805,Recommended,431180,26735771,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kelsiebwright,"Its very fun! I recommend this game for all ages, just not some multiplayer servers."
,Recommended,431180,27379183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cerebulon,"You are a wolf. That’s the game.wolf/10Actually, an important addendum: You do in fact Quest in WolfQuest.Updated score: quest/wolf"
76561198147847574,Recommended,431180,25281761,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,wolfjynx,"I remember playing the free demo a very long time ago, back then there were all sorts of bugs and it kinda got a bit boring after all the bugs would make it impossible to do certain stuff. However this wolfquest from steam is amazing new things have been added into it like the expressions panel which wasn't there before and cougars. I also love the way you have more option when designing your own wolf which now has several different wolf howls. If you like wolves or trying to hunt prey then this is definitely the game for you!!!"
,Recommended,431180,25216728,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Starry Fest,"it is great, so far.but i had this strange glitch where my mate had my starving pup, i couldn't feed it, and just left it to die. another common glitch is that the cougar gets stuck between rocks.but overall, awesome game. i highly recommend this game for anyone who likes wolves or survive/hard core challenges."
,Recommended,431180,22681847,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Skitter,"Oh, my GOD is this game amazing. I was introduced to this game awhile back, oh, was it 2010? Don't really know. gameplay is good, mechanics are great, and difficulty is well balanced. I would buy it if it was $20."
76561198184325422,Recommended,431180,22577143,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rob,"I think this game is really good so i made a list of pros and cons about this gamePros- This is a really fun game and waaaay better than the old one (in my opinion)- Your mate seems like a functioning wolf now and (hopefully as i haven't gotten that far yet) doesn't drown your pups as much.- I like how you can choose between difficulties.-The new pelt colors. like seriously now we have like 15 (?) or something, which is awesome!-Multiplayer. You can finally raise pups on multiplayer.Cons-I dunno if this was supposed to happen but whenever i make a save file and have pups its the same pup colors everytime also when i look online other people have the same colors aswell which is confusing considering the different pup colors on the title screen.- So i went on the ""bring it on"" version with a wolf who had no special bonuses it was a normal wolf and i chased the elk that always spawns right beside you when you spawn, and i was too slow. The elk had half of its health. So i went of that mode lol."
76561198257072122,Recommended,431180,32096948,Posted: 31 May,all,blieset,This is an amazing game! If you are waiting to buy this i really recomend it! This is one of the best wolf game i have played!
76561198330843571,Recommended,431180,26044935,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DreamyGirl2,great game amazing graphics and fun to play
76561198082007395,Recommended,431180,25784408,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,KizuNova,"Hey, I haven't been playing this game for too long. But I used to play it a lot many years ago!Although.. For some reason, when I log into the game it says ""You need to run steam to be playing online"" Which I do! I run the game from my steam acount, but all online services like multiplayer and such is still offline, why?Awesome game anyhow!"
76561198152479011,Recommended,431180,23517326,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sabioxi,The Game is great but i hope it will come an Update that will make it possible that the game is longer. The end is wenn you reach the oter site with you puppies i think it will be really more fun when it goes on that your pups rise up und help you then with the new pups an all that stuff that will be really great :DAnd one more thing please bring it out in German. That excues my bad english sorry but i really love that game und hope the new updates come soon :D
76561198352028762,Recommended,431180,35220906,Posted: 26 September,all,Thiccoyote,"Dear Wolf Quest,I remember when I used to come home from school excited as anything to play this game but not only was this game entertaining it was highly educational, the game has developed so much since I last remember it! I remember back in the days I used to come home and just hang with friends and enjoy the single player mode, which as amazing re-playability considering I am AGAIN playing the game after a long break from it. SO much has changed since 2007 (I believe), more animals to hunt, graphics have improved, weather and day varies throughout, multiplayer has improved greatly, ranks have been added, more customization and maps to explore etc etc. The game even began to include human impact, which is a natural event of life these days, almost portaying that the game is keeping up to date with the world, I like that! Now that the game also has achivements to reach, the game is more challanging and sucking me in a lot more AGAIN!If I had to criticize this game in anyway is that the public chat became painfully tricky to enjoy, considering the last time I tried it most of my sentence turned into ??? because the team have heavily filtered down some words to the point it became hard to enjoy, although I understand the reasoning behind it, but I believe maybe in the nearby future that a more less stricted chat for those who are more mature (This meaning in the sense you can say 'he' and 'she' for RP purposes because I've noticed in those aspects it's hard to create a sentence without those terms). Again I am unsure if there was any updates about this but this is going on a couple of years ago when I used to be heavily playing the game on Multiplayer instead of single player.EDIT: It seems that my point was based on the older versions of the game, the chat has HEAVILY improved since I last played it! I'm so impressed!I really hold this game dear to my heart, even my brother remembers helping me downloading the game way back when I was young and found out about this game through Youtube. Thank you Wolf Quest for being my escape when I was young and my escape now!P.S. I had this game before I had it on Steam, I recently purchased the game on Steam to enjoy again!"
76561198276424557,Recommended,431180,35150747,Posted: 23 September,all,AquaGamerGirl,this game is amazing. I am a huge fan of sims and this one is extremly special.- amazing graphics- teaches you about wolves- interactionand actualy being able to be a wolf in general.I recommend this to anyone who loves sims or multiplayer games.
,Recommended,431180,33891563,Posted: 29 July,all,Sister Shadough,"Highly recommended.G'day ole chums. I see you're interested in the divine world of questing wolves, allow me to elaborate.""Wolf-Quest"" is not simply a game. No no, WolfQuest is an experience. From the beautiful, pixelated clouds of Lost River to the steep slopes of Amethyst mountain, this is a destination you will not soon forget! But it's the people who really make this land memorable. Such as the people who have such horrible ♥♥♥♥ing misspellings all you can do is laugh (laugh spelled l-a-f-f, of course!) If deciphering centancez speld liek dis isn't your thing you could go to the other extreme of the WolfQuest community: the ""literate"" (aka LIT) rpers. These are the folks who think it's appropriate to call eyes ""orbs"", ears ""audits"" and heads ""cranium."" Their grammar is always (as the kids might say) on FLEEK, and don't you dare question their ways, or you'll be given a serious spelling-bee-style ♥♥♥♥♥ whoopin'. Not a huge fan of either of those groups? Never fear, single player is here! Although that's not always very riveting either. Kind of a typical ""parenthood"" animal game; raise pups, try not to die.So now that I've targeted a large part of the WolfQuest community I'll add this:WQ really is a great game. I've played it since 2.5 and it's about to get two huge expansions (including a DLC in 2018). I'm very happy to see the game grow and through the rather """"quirky"""" community I've managed to find a few people who I play games with and talk to almost every day (Yes, Brother Gimpy, that's you.) Currently single player is fun to play a few times at first, and then replay here and there, but multiplayer is where the game excells, especially if you can find some people you get along with. Overall the dev team is giving regular updates on the progress being made with the game (so far including a new character model, new prey, updated larger maps, and an entirely new episode with a new gameplay mode + much more.)"
,Recommended,431180,24896772,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,🌟 petty puppy jonghyun 🌙,AAAAAWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good 10/10
76561198298525320,Recommended,431180,23256722,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,mattiepony8,"I like it, but I wish the game would continue after you get the pups to the sumer site"
76561198235251536,Not Recommended,431180,31830367,Posted: 18 May,all,scarletwolf134,"I accidentally clicked the wrong age and it wouldn't let me go back so I couldn't even play the game because that ""AgeCheq website"" seemed more than a little bit suspicious and I'd rather not give my birth certificate or driving permit over the internet just to prove my age sad though I was really looking foward to playing WolfQuest there should really be a way to go back and it would be greatly appreciated if that was Implicated into the game."
76561198274518752,Recommended,431180,25082059,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,jessicagucciardi2,AMAZING GAME! Love it but would i would like u to add to the game is When ur in pack life or in pups that in multiplayer u could get mates an have a mate an have pups with other people who have pups also an stuff like that! If u would add that into the game that would be amazing jus ta suggestion love the game amazing reccomend it to everyone!!
,Recommended,431180,22142653,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,hirathecringyemo,A lot better than the original free version of WolfQuest
76561198138523992,Recommended,431180,28838656,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fluff Pup,"Wolfquest is a fun wolf simulator, a little disapointing that this one is very close to the free version, with the exception of some new stuff, like moose, cougars, foxes, and now voice chat in priviate games, and some new wolf skins, and more howls, so all in all there's some new stuff, i would say it's worth like, 4 or 5 dollars, so i suggest waiting to get this game when it's on sale, unless your fine with paying 10 for something close to the free version, all in all i give wolfquest 6/10 hopes this review helps"
76561198150496677,Recommended,431180,30660431,Posted: 21 March,all,ladunn7,"This is a good game so far but it feels short and not quite complete yet. Thankfully they are still working on it and releasing patches. I think a lot of the issue is, from what I've read, is that the funding got cut durring development. Over all I'd buy it on sale and play. I haven't gotten to play multi player and I don't know how that changes it though."
,Recommended,431180,27921288,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♡ ᴍᴏᴍᴏ ♡,all of my children drowned and then i went and pretended to be someone's wolf husband for three hours10/10
,Recommended,431180,22154022,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Handsoap™,A bit short but very nice. Definitely gives a challenge on easy mode still.
,Recommended,431180,22115422,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lucid Dreams,"Ahh, the updates are amazing! Much better graphics, More stuff such as radio collar and injured leg.this is my reccomendation: Add pup setting. Where you can play as a young pup in multiplayer servers. As a pup, you shouldn't be able to catch food at all or fend yourself. This would be fun for everyone and you would learn how to survive as a young pup.This game is on its way to the best game ever!"
,Recommended,431180,26484258,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Fleurjaw,"I played this back when I was 10-11. Loved it. I bought it recently and love the game all the more. Would be nice to see some extra mechanics and such added, but the way it is now is plenty of fun."
,Recommended,431180,24384501,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Crimson Blade,"If you have a good computer, you can run some really good graphics for this game. It shows the life of a real wolf and makes you feel as if you are one. You can interact with other people and more. By far this is one of the best animal games I've ever played, and it is definitely worth the $10.00."
,Recommended,431180,25968781,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,RainbowWinter,It's a game about wolves.
,Recommended,431180,28479245,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Black•Wølƒஐ™-<NGU>-,"I think WolfQuest is a great game!!The game does have low quality but it dosn't lower the fun at all, I think this isa great game for Roleplay, hanging out with friends, or going into the storymode to get all of the achievements. It's fun finding locations, and making your wolf have a high level.It would be nice if we could go in certain buildings in the map ""Lost River"" etc. I think It would be cool add new things more often, though that is alot harder to do than say. Take your time devs.I only have a few dislikes: You can turn the music down but I can't turn down the sound. I like to listen to music when I play games, and sometimes the birds making consant noise is annoying but I got used to it..I wouldent mind to have settings for higher quality computers, saying the graphics could be better but im very graphics hungry so thats just me, lolOverall there isnt much to say thats bad about this game, the ratings seem to be correct to me lol ""Very Positive""What I like about this game is:1) You have a large map to explore.2) There's alot of opions/emotions for the wolf3) You can make your own servers with no hassle4) You have a lot of options to choose from when designing your wolf.Etc etc etcLots of things!!I love this game and look forward to further updates and changes!!Love it, love it love it!!!"
76561198298129468,Recommended,431180,28534835,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CAKEPANTS csgofade.net,Its a really good game but recently its broken. I can no longer load a game with one of my wolfs for some reson it loads my brothers wolf. Pleas what can i do ive tried deleting his wolf and save but it wont work. HELP!
76561198349942462,Recommended,431180,28453641,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PhoenixRider,"Wolf Quest is amazing! It is so realistic. You get the freedom to choose what you look like and what you are good at between strength, stamina, and speed. I have only played it for a little while, but I can tell already that it was worth the $9.99 that I had to pay for it."
76561198302680141,Recommended,431180,34873649,Posted: 10 September,all,~Blue Moon~,"I love this game and all that it has in it, it's such a great game, and i am so thankful you added multiplayer so i can play with friends! I hope you keep updating it and making more animals and such. I love it because it captures the life of a wolf hunting elk and the grappling, taking care of pups feeding them growing them and protecting them. I really hope everyone loves this game! Keep up the updating and the hard work! And i was wondering (i know this is about wolves) but could you add, playing as an elk herd or a moose in multiplayer? THANK YOU!"
,Not Recommended,431180,29175699,Posted: 10 January,all,Feeblz,"Cringe graphics, gameplay, and community."
,Recommended,431180,35346806,Posted: 30 September,all,Mal,LLLLLLLOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEEE IIIIIITTTTT
,Recommended,431180,28522333,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ay0Cindy,"I luv wolves  <3 🐺 Graphics are ok,camera is uh..oh boy a bit 'wonky' but all an out the game is great 9/10"
76561198134122159,Recommended,431180,29887033,Posted: 12 February,all,Fire,"I love Wolves ! , and this game is every fun a long with keeping it very realistic. I recommend this game to anyone who has a heart for Wolves."
,Recommended,431180,31161439,Posted: 15 April,all,I Need A Life (Mae),"Just like any other game I love, I play it until I am sick of it.I play non-stop whenever I can then after about 24 hours of free time wasted, I stop playing for a few months then repeat.But I recommend this game if you love wolves and what they do, and if you like to roleplay or look at cute puppies and/or dead elklmao"
76561198045859453,Recommended,431180,25003061,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,burntblunt420,"WolfQuest is the greatest game in all of history. In this game, you can play as a wolf. A wolf. This is nature mixing with video games, something that has never been done before. You can find and mate with other wolves to have puppies. I did this myself, and named by first-born, Meme, he would later die in a series of unfortunate events involving a grizzly bear. This is what led me down a path of dark days in an effort to try and forget about Meme, but I have now learned Meme cannot be forgotten. He will always be remembered in our souls. RIP MEME10/10*WolfQuest will put you through emotional triggers through the death of your wolf family, be warned."
,Recommended,431180,29018860,Posted: 4 January,all,Zyke,this game is a very detailed and in depth look into the real lives of the real wives of wolvesone problem: ya cant ♥♥♥♥; its all cutscened out and you can only assume u were the lucky dog that got some5/10
76561198350578471,Recommended,431180,28314113,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sn00t,"Fun Game, Enjoyed Very Much, But It Seems I Can't Get Into It By Steam Or Clicking On The Tab, Am I Doing It Wrong?"
,Recommended,431180,28320020,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,-StoneCold-,Very fun game. Guess there isn't much to do but it has potential. :)
,Recommended,431180,33751090,Posted: 23 July,all,aivxn,"A very beautiful game, much more has improved since the last version of Wolf Quest. Great graphics, all gitches from the game were fixed and now the game runs smoothly. It's very time consuming and fun to play, especially if you have friends who too own the game and can join in on multiplayer mode and raise pups or explore with you! Totally recommend this game! :)"
,Not Recommended,431180,24327323,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Old Fritz,"Honestly i got this game as a joke, but i was surprised because it was pretty good.... untillllllllllllllllllllllllll. you have to move your pups to a rendevous point, jesus christ. I have seen quadrupal amputees move faster than these pups. And If you want to carry them, too fing bad. Because you will have to drop them in fifteen feet and they wont let you pick them up again for another thirty seconds. Also you have to cross a river, which shouldnt be too hard, you just pick them up in your mouth and run across, haha NOPE. They will drown if you pick them up to cross a river so you need to spend another 10 minutes walking to a sandbar, then after half an hour of walking (you pups walk slower than when you shift walk) you get rewarded with a message and a return button to the main menu."
76561198202747532,Not Recommended,431180,30225340,Posted: 27 February,all,ichliebebaeren,"Definitely not worth its 10 euros.I like the idea of the game and for a short time it's fun to play, but after max. a few hours you gonna realize the lack of variety. There are barely any key functions - the control is limited to a very few mouse and key clicks. As a single player it's not possible to improve your skills so that every single hunt of elks is like exactly the same thing.I understand the idea of  a wolf simulation and that it's probably not meant to be super exciting and rich of variety. But this game is really, really boring and doesn't even have cool graphics which would make it more fun and relaxing to play.I support the game developers in their attempts to improve the game constantly, but please: Stop taking 10 euros from the players. It's really not fair because it's too much. Moreover the demo version is somehow implying that there would be a  cool storyline in the full version, which is true, but everyone should know that this storyline is suddenly finished after 30-60 minutes - namely after you took your family to the summer spot. So the game play/storyline ends before your wolf babies are even fully grown, what is absolutely not cool, because afterwards all you can do is what I already described in the first lines."
76561198300874989,Recommended,431180,22692672,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Fannisofia,good game
76561198218059581,Recommended,431180,23173521,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,WhiteRaven,"Im needing help! I bought this game two days ago, and the first time I opened it, the words ""WolfQuest"" appeared with the rest being blue. There was no play button and I couldn't click anything besides exit. I restarted my computer and re-opened WolfQuest, but even then I was getting nothing. I believe my computer meets the requirements, so would anything else keep it from working correctly?"
76561198293219565,Recommended,431180,23459769,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ujurak,The is gmae is perfect for any animal lovers! I strongly recomend it!
76561198286791371,Recommended,431180,25846860,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,stacybug01,I LOVE THIS GAVE! It is so realistic and a great game to buy! Its not even that much money!!!
76561198158885069,Recommended,431180,29005335,Posted: 4 January,all,Princess Foxy!!!!!,if you love wolves you may like to roleplay as onei love playing as a Wolf
,Recommended,431180,28417963,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,FallLynx,awesome game I love how its short but long at the same time!
76561198352112590,Not Recommended,431180,28989789,Posted: 3 January,all,angelskittles,"Honestly, I would reccomend this game to a kid or a young teenager, but not anyone else. The single-player part of this game gets boring and repetitive FAST. The map is huge with not much scenary at all, and it takes forever for your wolf to travel, so just the aspect of getting around in this game makes any ""quest"" long and dull. Also, there's not much fun to do once you find a mate and raise pups. It's a good idea for a game, just kind of dull after a few hours.As for the multiplayer, it's full of a bunch of kids and young teenagers, so.... if that's the type of people you enjoy talking to, then go for it."
,Not Recommended,431180,22131794,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Φ╘═════╛Φ,"Just going to say, it's a good game, but it has some flaws that need to be addressed.I use to play WolfQuest years ago when it was free and enjoyed it. After coming across a recent let’s play of it I was surprised to still see the game exist and was quick to support it as it looks like there working hard to build upon the foundation they had with the free version. That's great!You can play Single Player or Multiplayer. Single Player is good to get use to the controls and the basics of the game. Outside that it's a bit boring and empty. You may see an elk once in a while or come across a stranger wolf to chase off or a bear, rabbits, coyotes, but mostly it's a lot of running around and gets boring rather quickly.  Multiplayer is where it’s at.There are two types of game rooms for multiplayer... Public and Private with two games modes, Pack Life or Raise Pups with a max of 5 players per room. You need to know a room name and password for the private rooms as there's no room listing for it to show what's out there. There is a room listing for Public however. Public rooms are restricted to an emote based chat room. Meaning you have a listing of basic sayings to communicate with. Like ""Let’s hunt!"" ""Okay!"" Whereas Private Rooms have a proper chat room and even voice chat.However the drawback to the game now a days is unless you know someone or have a few friends to play with you'll rarely if ever get to really -play- the game outside single player.The issue comes down to people want to join private rooms to have more freedom to type. You'll often find you enter a Public game to play, only for people to start going ""Let’s make a private room!"" ""Will message you!"" Then the host leaves ending the game. Even if you agreed to the private room, you'll unlikely get that promised message. Meaning its back to public rooms to see the same thing repeat.You can make your own Public room, but you’ll be faced with the same still, people coming on, asking for a private room, then leave. I have tried being that one that makes the Private Game, sent out the message to the others, but no one joined. Thus back to Public rooms again to see the same thing play out.I have almost two hours into this game, and outside poking single player to get the hang of the controls. I have yet to really -play- the game. It’s just the same thing every time.Join gameSomeone: Let’s make private room!Everyone/You:  Yes/Okay/I agree!Someone: Promises to message you!Host leaves ending game.No message ever comes. Did the room ever get made? Never find out.Repeat with next public game you join.WolfQuest isn't a bad game if you have a few friends to play the game with. But if you're like me and don't have anyone else that plays, you'll likely face this same issue and struggle to sit down and enjoy the game.So yes, I’d give this a 2/5 just for the fact that it shouldn’t be that hard to sit down and truly play the game with people. When you have yet to play a game after trying to for almost two hours, that’s not a good thing. If they address this then maybe I’ll come back, but for now it’s not worth sitting there for hours hoping you get a game going to play.For some suggestions:  I would love to see more than just 5 players per map. Let you have more than one pack on a map, like rival packs you see in the wild. Let there be fights to take over the others pack or invade another packs area, or team up and form a joint pack. Add in bigger maps with more to them. Right now there’s a small selection of maps and most have the same theme. Smooth hilly Forest area with a river etching through it with an elk hunting zone. There’s one very hilly map with a road going through it, but I haven’t been able to explore it due to the above and not getting a game going. Let’s have more hidden dens, caves, little nooks to find and explore. Let us also play as the pups. Right now the pups have a basic sandbox mode to linger in a select spot, and mimic emotes you do. Outside that they don’t do much.To end this, there is a lot that can still be done with this game. But when the core thing, -playing the game- is something you have to struggle to get going, it’s not worth it unless you have friends to play with you."
76561198162703817,Recommended,431180,23698291,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,aim4thetop1,"Amazing game.It's interesting finding out the game used to be free back in the day, and seeing just how much it changed now that it's on Steam. Bought this game because I saw you could have pups, and it's been a lot of fun so far.I just wished Very Easy, was actually that. Elks are still difficult to kill, which I just find weird. Then there's  the mouse sensitivity, which I've seen in discussions require adjusting in some kind of config file.There's also the lack of ability to change dens. Not sure whether or not the spot I chose trapped me, as I'm still trying to kill elks without having a single pup die, but other than those personal issues, the game is pretty polished.Usually simulators of this quality are put into early access, so it's to see that isn't the case here."
76561198271969006,Recommended,431180,33110452,Posted: 1 July,all,wolfpupgirl4222,this game is really fun go try it out
76561198329426431,Recommended,431180,28300332,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,iGamingWatermelon,there has been a problem for me where they actually commited suicide! yes... my pups committed suicide AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHY! they literally just walked into the water with no reason FIX THIS PLEASE!!!!!!!!! other than that its a great game and i recomend it! <3
,Recommended,431180,34677363,Posted: 1 September,all,foxyfan91000,I love wolfquest it is really fun i totally recommend this if someone reallly loves wolves and survival one of the best graphic games i have ever seen and the the demo is free for trial!
76561198354551648,Recommended,431180,34645184,Posted: 31 August,all,blueskyspirit9,"I really LOVE this game and I always have. I know this game still has a lot of work, but when it first came out, it was well developed given the tools you had to use it. I'm excited for all the new features that are coming to the game and would like to add in my own comments. I think that it would be really cool to change the age of your wolf. Like a way to make yourself scrawnier and smaller depending on your age. If that makes sense. XD. That is just a suggestion. I love the game so far and I will gontinue to play it for a long time. Thank you so much!!"
76561198161822546,Recommended,431180,34501340,Posted: 26 August,all,Sylveon97,"Awesome game! I love the quest of finding a mate and raising pups, Its a hallenge to find foo as all wolves are different with stats and i really like that. Well done on the developers."
76561198396548693,Recommended,431180,34661686,Posted: 1 September,all,Kitkatgamergirl,I thnk this game is awesome but is very short you guys should really add more to the  game but otherwise Great game
,Recommended,431180,28607641,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,pennywise from stuart little,This game is funnuff said
,Not Recommended,431180,28231064,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,katiemartens813,"Wouldn't recommend this game as the people who monitor it will end up disallowing you from being on multiplayer (the fun part of this game) simply for putting anything related to ""RP"" in the title.  Even if it's not sexual in nature."
,Recommended,431180,23213847,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Oresako,"It's an alright game, I'd say it has huge potential if it gets a couple of updates.Wouldn't say it's that great right now."
,Recommended,431180,34806927,Posted: 7 September,all,fruity furry,the only game worth literally any money on steam
,Recommended,431180,22057795,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Munzo,Perfect game I love the detail that was put into it!
76561198149668204,Recommended,431180,22068607,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Blindie,"I love this game.I'm a little biased, seeing how I played this when I was younger, but I feel that this new and improved WolfQuest is looking great.  The new customization options are awesome and allow for more personalitly to be given to your wolf, the updated AI is wonderful (the elk fighting back makes it far more challenging), and the new map Lost River is great to explore.  The graphics are refreshing and the music and sound effects are top knotch.  Also, different howls?  I love it.There are a few odd bugs here and there, hopefully that can be smoothed out with future updates.  The most notable one is the slight delay in you not pushing down the forward/backward buttons and your wolf's reactionary stop.  Also, at Lost River, there's a bug when you run into a coyote, the tracking arrow will immediately point to another coyote and won't disappear until you kill it.  Otherwise, the game seems fine, and those should be patched in the future.This game is great for educational purposes or if you just want to run around and hunt elk.  Yes, the game is older but the updates have helped it stand up to its fellows.  It's good to see that this game will be able to be funded again so that it can grow, and not to disappear into cyberspace as simply a memory.If you like simulators and wolves, this is the game for you!(And also did I mention multiplayer pup raising?)"
76561198148095896,Recommended,431180,22056953,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,♥ ❤ Roxi ❤ ♥,This is my childhood right here!I love this game!
76561198269361168,Recommended,431180,29593675,Posted: 30 January,all,crlzz,"WolfQuest. When I play the game, it says ""Wolfquest cannot play if you are not logged onto steam"" Then I get off and get back on. Then when I try to move, it wouldn't let me. Please fix that!"
,Recommended,431180,24903583,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,firegirlk9,this game is AMAZING and is recomend it anyone that thinks bad is a hater moms and gaurdians looking at this i highly recommend this game!
76561198217041065,Recommended,431180,34720916,Posted: 3 September,all,HipsterGoat,"Wolfquest. One of the most enjoyable games I have ever played. Adjustable graphics! Frustrating: you cannot use ""text chat"" or what you call ""typing for chat"". Instead, until you are thirteen, you are put with ""phrase chat"". Phrase chat honestly isn't very good. Why not just text chat? But, there is a private server called ""rp"" which is for roleplay. The username AND password is ""rp"". If that does work, trying username and password ""RP"" or ""Rp"". Usually that works. :) This game is awesome, and a new update is coming that adds onto raise-pups. It goes past that and to have a whole pack. I'd say it's worth ten dollars."
76561198277220873,Recommended,431180,22093075,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,BlueWarriorCats,cool
76561198169214359,Recommended,431180,22107094,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,KILLER MEMESTAR,it is a good game but i want to know how to start multiplayer it is gray for me
76561198133742714,Recommended,431180,31290916,Posted: 22 April,all,SharniLee95,i wish u can keep playing and play with your children when they grow up like you see them grow up and they help u hunt and find a den
,Recommended,431180,30048984,Posted: 19 February,all,bumblebee,AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,431180,30197164,Posted: 26 February,all,AlyssaGamerTV,i LOVE wolves but I can not get close to them but this game makes it possible what do you think if it is NOT your reason tell me in the comments :)
76561198161447372,Recommended,431180,22747826,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ℝ o s e e r i e,Brings back so many memories from when i was younger :D it would be really awesome if they decided to add in more things like territory and being able to make your pack grow ( the pups could grow up and help with hunts and then u can have more litters or something along those lines ) if you love animals i highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,431180,23121930,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,EpixWingz,I find it a fun game to play Very hard also.your scent modes you can only activate on a keyboard and not on a controller pls fix since it is anoying to need to play with both...
,Recommended,431180,22717843,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,nekofurball,awesome game<3
76561198088971666,Recommended,431180,32712378,Posted: 23 June,all,Willow ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"As a person who has been playing Wolfquest for a very long time. Since 2014! And I honestly am a huge fan of this game! Very excited for the new Tower Fall. But, i'm not a person who begs you to tell us when it's coming out. Which is impossible due to the fact you guys are still working on it. Take your time with it =)"
,Recommended,431180,33249403,Posted: 4 July,all,Sammy,"So far so good, it's not the best but it's not that bad.I have high hopes for this game and hope that it doens't get abandoned, I look forward to see what the developers come up with and wish them the best of luck in this."
76561198259294071,Recommended,431180,31126873,Posted: 13 April,all,Michka,"I played at wolfquest when it was free and I was so sad that it was no longer free. But when I learned that it was on steam, I was very happy! I buyed it and have no regrets! <3"
76561198368519393,Recommended,431180,31278802,Posted: 21 April,all,Kitty1234,This game is recommended for animal lovers and people who wish they can be animals.It is a game about living the life of a wolf! On it's own website it cost 9.99 but there is a give away contest where you canget it for free! If you get it I hope you like this game!
76561198174097502,Recommended,431180,34492662,Posted: 25 August,all,moonkm,The point of this game is to troll people.IT'S FUNNY YOU SHOULD DO BY YOURSELF!!!
76561198401179602,Recommended,431180,33284519,Posted: 5 July,all,☾SAD☽,"awesome game, best part about it is the multiplayer servers. loads of fun messing about with sister in game."
76561198304452946,Recommended,431180,30627886,Posted: 19 March,all,GPADON,cant even play
76561198369843318,Recommended,431180,33542353,Posted: 14 July,all,Galaxywolf,Its great
76561198324346008,Recommended,431180,33469112,Posted: 11 July,all,TheGinger48,can anyone help me? whenever i start the game up i get the Wolgquest logo. but other than that all i can see is a blue screen and some brids flying around. and i cant do anything becasue of it. if you have a solution hmu.
,Recommended,431180,33526496,Posted: 13 July,all,ziebarthscott,Its a great game we love the great stuff in the game!
,Recommended,431180,34586979,Posted: 29 August,all,Kindleglass,"Awesome game about wolves.It really teaches you about diddly-darn wolves. I love this game, I've played it for so long.... =)"
76561198254495539,Recommended,431180,33777252,Posted: 24 July,all,Hobo Heart,My friend just got the game but put in the wrong date when logging in. She is highly upset by this and isn't sure how to fix it.
,Recommended,431180,31906819,Posted: 22 May,all,Basic.K9,Maybe add better graphics but it's decent.
76561198294794716,Recommended,431180,32189400,Posted: 4 June,all,Lumiine,"Hello!I have an account with WolfQuest and I just login to see I can only join Phrase chats.Happen to know why?Thanks for reading,"
,Recommended,431180,31979053,Posted: 26 May,all,Stikarz,"couldn't find old faithful, but it has wolves so im good."
,Recommended,431180,28850570,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MeowGamerGirl,"Very fun and addicting game to play, if you like wolves or roleplay or both then i Highly reccomend this game"
76561198300125192,Recommended,431180,26880215,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jaunaburke,i could play it but now i cant plz fix this
,Not Recommended,431180,24127352,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SmeeU96,"Love the game, but its really glitchy. I especially start to glitch during multiplayer. Its not my computer as its pretty high tech. I especially started to really glitch out today, I glitched during the main game on Single-Player too. It was like I fell out of the map or something. Bizarre, right? I had to log in four times before I could be on the map like ""normal"". Though on multiplayer, a bunch of players I was with had said their servers were glitching too. Is something going on with an update? Or is it that the game is outdated? Either way, as much I love the game and I would love to reccomend it; the graphics are not that great either. So, all in all, I am glad I have the game, but I would like to see improvements as the last time I played was over two years ago; and it doesn't seem like anything changed besides the chat box..."
76561198245035044,Not Recommended,431180,29275002,Posted: 15 January,all,Toaster,was alright to play for a bit but INSTANTLY got boring elks can sometimes be annoying to chase and it takes forever to travel its good for kids and somewhat educational but not for £7.00
76561198300038547,Not Recommended,431180,24342428,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,zedos9,I don't know why but I can't make the server text chat on my computer but my cousin can. Plus she can join any server that uses text chat in publec but I can only join ones that use phraze chat. why is that? theres no preimum version I checked!
76561198212756875,Not Recommended,431180,22487518,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,evildarklemons,Ok here's my review of it it has single and multiplayer(nothing wrong with that) and that's it that's all you can do is single and multiplayer. But that's not the worst part on multiplayer there's 3 things that need to be added.   1.friend status when you accept a friend request usually you will get a smiley beside their name making it easy to tell if he/she is your friend well it doesn't do that. 2.if you want to chat first you have to hit C then go to this weird emotions thing then you have to find what the letters your looking for then click them and then mess up3. Final one is its just boring after 3 hours sorry until this game gets better I'll say yes on my review until then no
,Recommended,431180,22054259,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nakura Vanner,"This is my honest review of a game that I have played since the original that was free came out waaay before slough Creek.Not only has this hit a special place in my heart as one of the first games I ever played online but, the enhancments in this version makes the game well worth paying forPros: The game looks a LOT nicer and has a LOT more features to make the game enjoyable and interactive while keeping the original WQ charm. Issues in the older game like relfections showing up on land awkwardly in slough creek are gone thank god. The game also has a lot more sounds making it feel more nature like.Bugs/ComplaintsReflections are..bizarre when you first enter Slough creek in the winter go across the water you will see what I meanAuto saving is nice but it lags me during very inconveniant timesThe AI for your ""mate"" Could use some work my mate will run off with pups and make getting to my summer home a lot more difficult my mate also seems to lack proper hunting when we attempt to hunt when they hunt alone they do fine.Suggestions: Add more animals perhaps more packs, Maybe Add  Disease, or even human hunters who may try to kill you and your family if you manage to kill the calf in the farm."
76561198125375959,Not Recommended,431180,33140131,Posted: 2 July,all,oka.nio,"I'll start with that it didn't run smoothly on my computer (2009 hp Windows Vista, which runs ES Oblivion). I honestly thought the game was very boring. It requires you to be interactive most of the game play but lacks need for your actual brain in your decisions. Probably the skill level of a little kid, only 1 problem: the animal carcasses are a little too graphic for that age group. So to recap: too boring for an adult, too graphic for a kid."
,Recommended,431180,34505340,Posted: 26 August,all,Maverick,help i cant kill foxes lol
,Recommended,431180,22181168,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Riverblu,"I like this game much, but it could still have a bit more realistic-gameplay, like ranks in packs that shows who omega, alpha, beta etc. is, and how they walk like alpha walks with straight-up tail. Maybe it comes in the future, then I would buy it again.Still a good game!"
76561198291232435,Recommended,431180,32350244,Posted: 11 June,all,igirl45,How do u find the cabin home? i love this game so much
,Not Recommended,431180,34127475,Posted: 9 August,all,APrettyBigWoofer,"Well i love wolves, so this game must be good... right?The Good+Its got wolves+eh, its kinda open-world+It has some sort of character customizationThe Bad-Hardly any content-Terrible sound design-Too short-The World is too barren/empty-No world interactions-Repetitive-Graphics are terrible-Playing with friends adds basically nothing to the game"
76561198108127538,Recommended,431180,33071339,Posted: 30 June,all,WasabiBird_,This game is really great at making me completely dead inside. 10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,431180,28211195,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Alice_Merlyn,"It's an awesome wolf game overall but PLEASE FIX THIS!!Everytime I either join a public game or I create one of my own, I always get a 'DISCONNECTED' alert! My internet is in perfect condition and this game is allowed thrugh my firewall but I don't know why this game keeps disconnecting me! It has server connection issues and you guys really need to fix this asap!"
,Recommended,431180,22065959,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ciradis,my first reaction to playing this while hungover was to suddenly feel drunk again as i realized the default walking speed is faster than usain bolt on a good daymany hilarious moments and totally super serious wolf roleplay will surely be had with this game
76561198161565597,Recommended,431180,33897527,Posted: 29 July,all,mrwolf768,"This game is really fun, but there is a bug.I can't name my pups how do I fix it?10/10"
,Recommended,431180,33749996,Posted: 23 July,all,Poly-Thera,I have always adored this game. I am so glad to see it is still being worked on and people are still enjoying it.
76561198296980948,Not Recommended,431180,34769049,Posted: 5 September,all,Murikasaba,This game gradually gets way too repetitive. 4/10 would reccommend
,Not Recommended,431180,33823109,Posted: 26 July,all,nemesis,"the movements of the wolf are too fast when turning left or right and the change of the camera is really annoying, difficult to get used to. Not enjoyable, for me atleast. Looked better in the video although you can't see much in there. It was tedious to even move around cause of it"
76561198023305671,Not Recommended,431180,22254309,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Glaxion,"I actually don't know what to say about this game, first of all I bought the game mostly because of the role-play since it used to be good, when it was free mainly because the chat didn't sucked back then,  theres a lot of improvements in this version, but I really do hope they release more content, theres only one mode which takes about 20 mins to complete and when you're done the game asks for you to go back to the title screen, theres no free chat which means you cant type whatever you want. you have to click on pre-made sentences because God knows why, not to mention the game is buggy as dog poop."
76561198414502561,Not Recommended,431180,34245452,Posted: 14 August,all,TBNRdragon,"well,overall the game is a little mixed because the multiplayer is messed up i couldnt even play multiplayer.everytime i made an account it said that i made it but when i verified it it said non exzistant"
76561198200082241,Not Recommended,431180,35057024,Posted: 18 September,all,colejesenovec,I put in the wrong age and i cant fix itthis game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
,Recommended,431180,22095579,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lion,bought so I could mate with my girlfriendcan only mate when EXP Is high enough0/10 ign not enough mating
,Not Recommended,431180,22253891,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Anime Adventure,Its ok but its a little boring
,Not Recommended,431180,29503775,Posted: 26 January,all,DrRetard,"A bit from the top review - "" But the great thing with wolfquest is that it offers so many things to do, if you are creative enough. ""This is the games problem in a nutshell. It's boring on it's own. You have to create your own ways to have fun in this game."
76561198006818756,Not Recommended,431180,22073781,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Nice idea, maybe good for those who experience the nostalgia of it - but new comers will probably find these game quite tedious and basic."
,Recommended,431180,23757523,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lady Pigeon,Bork. Bork bork bork. Bork. Howl. BORK.
76561198369734238,Not Recommended,431180,31730458,Posted: 13 May,all,Kipper,WHY IS MY GAME RUNNING ON ITS OWN THIS IS REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME OFF I CANT PLAY AT ALL
76561198353964366,Not Recommended,431180,28811923,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CrystalBall0212,Like how the heck do you even get a male! I have played for hours!
76561198136695630,Not Recommended,431180,31168687,Posted: 15 April,all,staph,"Its crap.I have spend 40hours on this game, trying to rank up my characters. The hunting is semi okay. Multiplayer is fun, but I wish there was more into it. Singleplayer gives the player slight challenge depending how hard you make it. But it's boring. Game has too many glitches, graphics are crap. I wanted more into the game. Sure when they release the 3rd episode we get something more."
,Recommended,431180,32700676,Posted: 23 June,all,UbiSc00by,"GUD GAME, HAD LOTS OF SEX."
76561198349155229,Not Recommended,431180,31653923,Posted: 9 May,all,koalabear2005,I CANT FRICKEN MOVE! DO I NEED A CONTROLLER?! IM THINKING ABOUT REFUNDS
,Not Recommended,431180,25917657,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ace,It's a half of a game. could be better and needs lots of work.
76561198303925872,Not Recommended,431180,29367130,Posted: 19 January,all,kittylover.jv,"When I open the game it's fine, but when I start a game none of my buttons work. I have to even shut my computer off and turn it back on. Now I can't even get a refund. What a rip-off."
76561198176933550,Not Recommended,431180,32212421,Posted: 5 June,all,I Don't Know ಠ_ಠ,"Got boring hella fast, most of it is just endlessly chasing prey and raging because you ran out of energy just as you were about to kill it, and then suddenly the whole herd is stamping your face."
76561198337689740,Not Recommended,431180,33194987,Posted: 3 July,all,Spooky'Tater,"I was so disappointed. I was here for multiplayer, and now they want my personal info. Not just how old I am, but major proof. For example, a picture or license. We had to be 12 and up to play. Don't get this if you want good multiplayer. Singleplayer had bad controls too... I can't even think of a pro for this game, only cons."
76561198159623087,Not Recommended,431180,28233320,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MsViper Vixen,eh
,Not Recommended,431180,22052767,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Peeeckle,"As a person who is new to Simulator games, it might just not be my type of thing. in my experience it was very tedious and repetetive to hunt down elk in order to gain enough experience to have a shot at finding a mate. in order to kill an elk you have to bite him which depletes stamina and while you can run for days on end with little depletion if you hold on to somone you are biting (the game suggest this as a method of more dps which is false, just spam space bar instead) the stamina is depleted within the second. while i like the scent vision, the draw distance for certain objects even on max settings was pretty short. wolves spawning only when you are 10 feet away or so is just a bit akward to me.i did have fun killing a few elk until it became repetetive and i did really enjoy the scenery especially the town around the carnival. as this is based on yellowstone i would love to see way more animals (more of the same and new ones lik buffalo) and a more straightforward way of explaining how to gain strength or how to kill animals more effeciently (like the buff elk who is OP... how do i beat him?)overall if you are new to this game type, maybe wait for a sale.heres hoping dev adds stuff cause it could be way more fun with a few small changes imo"
76561198235297448,Not Recommended,431180,24327326,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Stalian,"This game was all good for maybe 10 min but then when you had to move your ♥♥♥♥ing pup it was the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and we got our pup to the ♥♥♥♥ing end and all we get is a ""you made it!"" and i literlly wanted to siringe bleach like it was ♥♥♥♥ing bioshock. Half way through getting my pup there i was ready to give it to the other wolves. ♥♥♥♥ this game i spent 10 bucks on it while i could have bought razors to cut myself with."
,Not Recommended,431180,22652270,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,[VZ] - ElliePupper,"glitchy as all hell, terrible controls, and just generally unappealing.0/10 im getting a refund"
,Recommended,431180,23371295,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,spit,BUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYITBUYIT
,Not Recommended,431180,23873634,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jasins,the game makes me keep going foward even though i have my hands off the keyboard. how do i Fix it
,Not Recommended,431180,26199966,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Njano,"Year of birth ends at 1997, and as someone born in 1996 I feel extremely victimized.I'm gonna go cry now..."
,Not Recommended,431180,30155215,Posted: 24 February,all,Zweitonegoismus,"""What's that, Fido?""""YIFF.""""Oh no, it's   r e t a r d e d .""""I take personal offense, Bulbear.""""OH NO. IT'S WORSE THAN I THOUGHT. IT'S A FURRY."""
,Not Recommended,431180,25536121,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Not Snake,Stupid...Unrealistic...Why deos it have good reviews.I have no clue...
,Recommended,431180,30624735,Posted: 19 March,all,-DaRk_WoLf-,This is a nice game for wolf lovers) I like the new updates and hope that they'll become regular
76561198085006073,Recommended,431180,22459637,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ShadedHearts (Shade),"I Remember when i first downloaded the free old version of wolf quest. The adventures and wolves i created was amazeing.Now that it has upadated, theres a new map, more customization and much much more.  It's even more fun, and the fact that its a educational game for many kids out there is a smart way of learning. I really really do recommend this game!"
76561198170143746,Recommended,431180,22325003,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fayth-Flaym9720,"love love love the graphics, but the animation and everything is kinda slow. that is however, only because i have wondows 10. which leaves me to wonder if they plan on making an update for windows 10 with wolf quest?"
76561198206620443,Recommended,431180,22356506,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jessica._.Novo,I love the game i just think that it should have more players in a server like up to 12 players can join because i want to make a wolf pack but their r not enough players for all the ranks and also i think it should have all the chats on public not just phrase chat. :)
,Recommended,431180,22420025,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,paws,its fine. just turn down your mouse sense or use the a and d keys
76561198212787688,Recommended,431180,22427780,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Blanket,"I always wanted a game like this. It is a bit buggy but that does not stop you from enjoying it. Out of the four of my pups, only 1 survived which adds a sense of realisim. You really do feel like a wolf.One big down side is that the game is very short, and lacking in content. I would love to see more maps with much more dens and more things to hunt. :)"
,Recommended,431180,22413647,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,MR_WØLF866,Nice game)
76561198271841320,Recommended,431180,30744639,Posted: 25 March,all,Bunnygirl19846,"This is a very good game to learn from, learning how to survive as a wolf and to take care of your pups, face the harsh life as well.Good graphics, sounds and ect."
,Recommended,431180,22155591,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Salamander,"I've played this since 2.5, please ignore my Record I've got there.Around 2.5 version, It's kinda boring, come with a tons of glitches, It's forgotten for me about 4 years ago. Now this version 2.7 rises up on steam, So, I still gladly to pay for it, while I having fun on demo non-stop, In my mind It would be more enjoyable if you purchased the full version. When the result come out, Worth my 9USD I've spent there! Bugs fixed, Graphic improvements and new wolf coats,  Recommended!"
76561198035949644,Recommended,431180,22226679,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ninjabred Man,My daughter loves this.
76561198089700027,Recommended,431180,22196062,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Little-GEM,"I love this game! The single player is a little short if you know what you're doing but the multi-player has great potential for roleplaying (if you create a private chat in Steam rather that the Wolf Chat ingame which is /very/ restrictive).There are lots of wolf coats, stats and howls to choose from which makes it feel quite personal and because the community isn't massive, when you're in multi-player you never feel out ranked or out played.I don't know if it's quite the right price (personally I think it could be a little cheaper for those who would only be interested in singleplayer) but if you're really into wolf simulation then this is an amazingly fun little game to play :)9/10 - would reccommend! ****/***** stars :)"
76561198244711168,Recommended,431180,22307936,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,undead-soldier-girl,i like the game on mulitplayer and single they are good but they need to change the chat settings for the public servers the hole phrase chat is not good i dislike that part of the game and that you cant get a den in pack mode besides that its a good game they just need to fix the chat settings and let us pick a den in pack mode besides that i recommend this game
,Recommended,431180,22272714,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,xSora0x,"i would highly recommend this game, its a fun and educating way to learn about a wonderful species.Though i think it would be cool, if they actually let you see the pups grow u, and keep expanding your pack, for the single player mode that is"
,Recommended,431180,22342661,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,• Azal •,"I played this when it was completely free and not on steam.This payed version is so much better. It has better graphics, sounds, more content, and you can do multiplayer with raising pups. All of the bugs are fixed too.I do have a problem with the steering, it seems to be a tad messed up in the settings, it seems to be opposite, and it's still too fast.Overall I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,431180,22383449,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mr. Blue Sky,very fun
,Recommended,431180,30717024,Posted: 24 March,all,Ninja >->,"I highly recommend this game for those who enjoy wild life and enjoy Role Playing.I completely love this game, and im sure others will to.Enjoy"
76561198318274323,Recommended,431180,30694450,Posted: 23 March,all,iiWoofy~Donoii,"Its very fun and its one of the best games I have. But I don't know if this is the full version I downloaded it and can't access Slough Creek. I would recomend this game to people, but I still want to know how to get to slough creek."
76561198298889803,Recommended,431180,30911873,Posted: 2 April,all,FireLillyGamer,"Wolfquest is a really fun game that is consantly being updated, you play as a wolf that you get to design and name. you go through all of a young adults wolf life there a hidden locations and new places to explore you can get a mate have puppys and help them survive.there is also an online mode were you can play with other people raise pups, and just chat you can make great friends and there's evan a team speakits super fun and easy to learn to play with a great community"
,Recommended,431180,26493859,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Quinnria,love the new update!
76561198282824631,Recommended,431180,26023153,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,blockden8,I cant go in the game for some reason it keeps saying im crashing and theres a folder that keeps making me crash please help me :(
76561198156712810,Recommended,431180,26260581,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Horse-Crazy,"This game was my first video game as a child, and it grew up with me into adulthood. It is a wonderful game with decent graphics, easy and intutive game play, and strategy. I love that it is pretty accurate and portrays the struggles and the beauty of the wolf. With tons of ways to customize your wolf there is always a new adventure. I love the addition of new maps and the expansions to multiplayer worlds. This game was made by educational groups and I don't think that it was ever expected to really take off, and I'm so glad that it has!It's an older game, so don't expect the crazy graphics and what not that you get in some games today. Enjoy it! It's realistic and has a nice adventure feel to it. The soundtrack is fun and changes as you move through the game. I've always loved the interactions that you could do between wolves in the game, and they just made them so much better! The multiplayer is fun and has changed so much! There's so much to explore! The additions of achievements are quite fun as well!If you like animals and enjoy adventure games I highly suggest this! It is well worth the price and you will not regret your purchase. The community is good and it seems like they have big plans for this already great game."
76561197994379580,Recommended,431180,26266478,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,† Black widow †,need more wolfs & Forms of violent and large & new skins < amazing game keep it up dude
,Recommended,431180,26117197,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[иσρ] Jacqueline Klasen,This game was easy at first until the update came out where ravens can eat the dead elk.
76561198257698373,Recommended,431180,26711214,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Amylis,"Hello,I love this game, I had played with a old free version, I'm glad to have found it on steam 5 years after :DOne slight note of caution: I find the game ""too"" free (after a while we do not know what to do) and a little empty, apart from deers and some coyote I do not cross anything alive: s"
76561198301901574,Recommended,431180,26688678,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,biorexes,"I wasn't really sure how to rate this game. I enjoyed playing, so do not feel inclined to give a negative review, but I would have liked to be able to carry on after completion of the main quest (either with further quests, or open play) and perhaps have a little more freedom. I have not tried the multiplayer mode yet."
76561198186982330,Recommended,431180,26022342,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,YA BOI GUZMA Csgoaste.com,"I played the orignal when i was young, it was fun and i still played it recently as a time waster. I went back to the site and found that there was a new version. I downloaded it here and i was amazed, the graphics were amazing with 10x more customization! I was insanely happy to relive my childhood and the gameplay was relatable to the first but with a bit more spunk. LOVED IT <3"
76561198215249827,Recommended,431180,23449991,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,EyulfFaunus,"This game is fantastic~! The best wolf game I have ever played, though there are some little things I do need to point out:Let's start first with invisable eagles: This happened when I was online with a couple of friends and we were traveling to the star in Slough Creek with our pups, until it zoomed in on an eagle. Ok, so we got ready to defend our pups until one of them just died right in front of us. No eagle came and got it, and the pups were well fed, so now there seemed to be invisable eagles.Now about the buildings in Lost River: Yes, I think Lost River is pretty cool, but what's the point of putting buildings if you can't go inside of them? Like this one cabin had doors wide open for us, but we couldn't go inside. So we had to hang out on the deck. Yes the buildings are great, but you should make it to where we can go inside of them.Lastly there should be a thirst meter: I'm glad that there is hunger in this game, but what about thirst? All animals get thirsty and there is water in the different maps. Yes you can swim in the water, but the animals should drink the water as well instead of swimming in it all the time.That is all I recommend for the next update, I hope that this can improve the game better, and people will continue to like it~! <3Now with the new updates, I'm very sad. The kicking people out is great, but every single time I join a public game, I get kicked out by the leader with no reason. If you're gonna get kicked out, then you need a reason to get kicked out."
,Recommended,431180,30800360,Posted: 28 March,all,Chips,"Love it, it may not be complete and the elk may teleport all over the place from time to time, the moose may kill u in 2 hits but when u play with a bunch of people its really fun, the community is very nice and helpful. You can create your own unique wolf from quite a few customizations, colors, ears, limpy leg (me), radio collar, scars. Your stats are really depends on your playstyle really, I like to go with high stanima, good speed and low strength. Worth every penny."
76561198069875915,Recommended,431180,30805396,Posted: 28 March,all,Wolfie Talkie,"This game is one of my childhood favorites. i played it LONG before the Steam release, when it only had 2 episodes, and a few fun bugs. I stopped playing it for a while, but when i saw it was on Steam and it got some new updates, i had to get this game again. i love this game with all my heart and it is a fun way to kill any free time you have. Being a wolf lover myself, this game is a perfect title for anyone who wants to see what a wolf's life is like. Definitely worth $10"
,Recommended,431180,24224122,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,katelyngaming1,Wolf Quest 2.7 is an awesome game. To everyone that haven't got it get it.The game needs  some improvement but the people who made it are working on it. It is one of the best games.If you haven't got it I recommend you get it.
,Recommended,431180,24041124,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tamago,"Been playing this game since I was in middle school, really great to see it keep improving over the years. It is a game that is more fun to play with friends and online than alone, personally."
76561198272323871,Recommended,431180,24028948,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,phylisscr,i would like if u added a new part of the game were your pups grow up and u live the life of a real pack like getting challanged for your place as alpha and you use summishin postruers and stuff to show your summisive and if you can add differnt colored pelts that would be nice
76561198133992275,Recommended,431180,24029267,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pompidou,The new update is AMAZING I love you guys best game ever 11/10 however maybe in the next update you could make the cougars less agressive because in real life they are pretty docile and avoid wolves. :)
76561198272374792,Recommended,431180,23994490,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AnimeFreak1305,Love it!!
76561198279662866,Recommended,431180,22695499,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,EldarVII,"It's a really awesome game!!! I love it very much.However, if the pups can really grow to adult and make the whole pack bigger, I will love it more."
76561198168447825,Recommended,431180,22243337,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,tamarlence,"Just so people know, this game does have an ending to it. I consider it more of a wolf simulator than a true survival game. You do have to survive off the land by hunting game and fending off preditors, but it focuses on more of the wolf life. Finding a mate, raising pups in a den, and protecting them till they grow up. The game is rather short, about 5 hours of play time, but it was still enjoyable. Most of your play time will be through the different difficulties and achievments. Wolf customization is fun to, you can even give your wolf different trait bonuses between strength, stamina, and speed."
76561198297211197,Not Recommended,431180,22286434,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,jordancab,I love the challenge but it is to laggy and hard to control
76561198152713414,Recommended,431180,22571707,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[SLO]Sub_Zero,If you like wolves like me just get this game 10/10
,Recommended,431180,22538998,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,MysticWhiteWolf,I loved it when I was younger and still love it today. For any wolf lover this game is amazing. There is just the perfect element of rpg and learning about the ways of the wolf. (I wouldn't complain if the entire game was made as immersive as possible but that's just me)I absolutly love the challenge and just overall charm this game has.The graphics could be improved but maybe I've been spoiled by my modded skyrim game. But I hope this game continues to develop and grow as it has been with the updates. I can't wait for more to be added into the game.So on that note I recomend people purchase this game to aid in it's development and continue to give the developers support. I'm pretty confident when I say there is no other game out like it.So to the wonderful developers thank you and please continue to make great work (Esspecially on this game pretty please.)-A Super WolfQuest Fan!
,Recommended,431180,22418790,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,MysteryTwins,"Awesome game, been playing for a few years was very excited for new version; bought it immediately; only noticed a few glitches in the scenery (no big deal, tho) mostly in the new map; (understandably) Lost River. I did note that among the minor glitches in Lost River, that if you dominate a male wolf from another pack then it freezes up and you and the AI are stuck in the encounter, after quiting and getting back in all seems well, so I wouldn't consider it a deal breaker."
76561198289415658,Recommended,431180,22306641,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,phoenix.wolf.fob,"i don't know if i would recommend it, or not....it's really laggy, and rarely loads.When i get on WolfQuest, it has a blank white screen. I can hear the noises, and music, but can't see anything...if someone could help, that would be awesome!!"
76561198308786631,Recommended,431180,24113073,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WolfPup,i love the game but it be nice if u ca be a pup and lags alot
,Recommended,431180,24233564,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jeeperswerewolf,"I highly recommend WolfQuest.Play was a wolf, do much elk hunting, sniff out a mate,  rise and protect your pack from overpowered enemies such as bears, big cats, and more."
76561198300926383,Recommended,431180,24146146,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RainyWhale,This is my all time favorite game! I recommend this a lot and the graphics are beautiful!
,Recommended,431180,28656611,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AvaMayWolf,Best game ever
76561198194211177,Recommended,431180,28651992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mango Kayla,A great survival game. I love the realistic vibe and multiplayer function.
76561198109134970,Recommended,431180,28455577,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Akr14428,rely good game
76561198282776039,Recommended,431180,28354312,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Incursu,if you like wolfs this is a game for you
,Recommended,431180,28357891,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,phl4rie,I can't speed run it anymore. :c
76561198311274893,Recommended,431180,28361439,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wolfmasterss,Wolfquest is a awesome game it allows you to adventure as a wolf does but i want to ask you guys something. If you can can you make a up date were you can be the pup and so their will be more then the getting to the site. I love this game its awesome and if you can do that i will appricate it :)
,Recommended,431180,29511065,Posted: 26 January,all,Crypted,Good game.
,Recommended,431180,28697275,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HeroChaser13,"The hours don't lie: WolfQuest is currently my most played game. To be completely honest, there's really not a whole lot to it. You run around as a wolf, murder furry forest critters unfortunate enough to wander across your path, find a mate, have pups, and that's pretty much it. That said, I've had a lot of fun with this game, and I look forward to future updates. I think it holds a lot of promise."
76561198334797618,Recommended,431180,29957436,Posted: 16 February,all,coryellenmincey,this game is the best game EVER.
,Recommended,431180,29926411,Posted: 14 February,all,[RocRev] DreamCrusher,i think the game should add a game mode when u start off as cubsand in multiplayer u can fight other players
,Recommended,431180,29674174,Posted: 3 February,all,foxyforeva323,"This is a good game, but it's a bit boring. I wish they had put a bit more effort into the backround. Other than that, the game play is pretty good."
76561198364148459,Recommended,431180,29636971,Posted: 1 February,all,crlzz,"WolfQuest, When I join my server, it says ""Needs To Be Connected To Steam"" But I already am. But when I join a game, I cant move. Why is that? I Keep restarting steam, and my computer! But Nothing! I am dissapointed. This happened just recently. And my save files are all gone! :("
76561198323897378,Not Recommended,431180,24888383,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,alfajulia2014,"Hey.Sorry, but I had played this game long time ago, I payed this game etc.So now, I updated game, etc, but then, in the game, it saids something like:""Sorry, something went wrong loggin in""I CANT PLAY IN MULTIPLAYER AND I CANT SEE ANY UPDATES OR MY FRIENDS!Hope you fix or help me!~So angry~"
76561198357261497,Recommended,431180,29992233,Posted: 17 February,all,dinnalli,i love this game its cute :)
76561198316919746,Recommended,431180,28850581,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SaWoWgg,"i love this game! i cant wait with more updates!but if i have a list of things i want in the game here it is ( you dont HAVE to put it in the game but i think it will be kinda cool)More Skins for the wolves: like maybe one that kinda looks a bit like a fox with the black paws? i love foxes!Add in Humans? like what if in a random day theres a day called Hunting Season ( idk u choose ) and then the humans come out to kill animals, Bunnies, Coyotes, your pups! i think it could be cool and they can have guns!Add in a story to Lost River: when you get a mate in Lost River it says you cannot have pups, why is that? maybe you can have like a Good Ending, Bad Ending and Neutral Ending. ( i got this from a comment in a wolf quest video )Good Ending:  if you get a mate theres a thing that happens and you need to run away from it with your mate and go to Slough, if you make it out alive with your mate you go to Slough to raise pups.Neutral Ending: You make it out alive with your mate but your bady hurt and get a limp in your leg or something.Bad Ending: You make it out alive with injures but your mate dies, you go to Amethest to find another mate but you die once you get your pups from the injures.idk i just thought it will give Lost River some more love c:"
,Recommended,431180,30066334,Posted: 20 February,all,75978loses (Jian PandaCat),"This is a great game. The graphics are wonderful, the animation is smooth. I've played multiple games as multiple wolves, there's so much customization you can do and never has any of my games been the same. It's so much fun and I have yet to have gotten bored with it. All the survival is extremely realistic. One thing I hope for in a future update is perhaps adding a thirst bar. It would greatly add to the survival aspect.The soundtrack is also amazing and sometimes I just love playing it to listen to the music.All in all I really enjoy playing this game and I highly recommend it to others! it was definitely worth every cent I spent."
76561198084900383,Recommended,431180,31070465,Posted: 10 April,all,gfelkner,Amazing. Just amazing
76561198236632592,Recommended,431180,27835179,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DotOfHatred,"First I've heard of this game when I was like 8, the version 2.5 just recently came out then. It was my dream game, to be able to play as a wolf.  I loved it, it was something totally new to me. In other words, it's one of the games of my childhood.When I saw that version 2.7 trailer, I couldn't help myself, I had to buy it and come back to it again. I wasn't disappointed, it improved a lot.Totally buy it, to me it's even too cheap for 10€, and it just keeps improving. If you're not sure remember you can try the demo!"
76561198060390177,Recommended,431180,28389165,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Barney The Dino,"Overall, a very positive experience with this game.Pros:Highly immersiveCO-OP & MultiplayerLow system requirements / low graphic quality availableCons:Only thing I didn't like about this game is how short it is. I feel like a lot more could have been done past the end of the pup life campaign."
76561198320984668,Recommended,431180,28437142,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ash CookieSkyys,great game . i just wish we could kill the bears in muiltiplayer
76561198194323178,Recommended,431180,28348757,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,rabbitgirl11,"an amazing game, absoulty love it! I recommend it to any wolf fans. WOLVES RULE!"
76561198307180629,Recommended,431180,31531185,Posted: 3 May,all,Babyearth,I adore WolfQuest. It's very fun and yet educational. There are always things to do and never kept me bored.
,Recommended,431180,31356303,Posted: 25 April,all,🐺Bendyツ,This game is amazing it's just like being a wolf it's so fun and the ending is great I recommend any dog lover would love this game this is the best game I've ever played
76561198204007409,Recommended,431180,28789549,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OrchidAmethyst,I liked it.
76561198339452961,Recommended,431180,32628164,Posted: 21 June,all,echomoongaming,on the game my game is kinda laggy and i rarely catch anything cause of the lag so the elk always get away!  i like the game but its laggy for my computer but i like that you have to raise your pack  and other stuff....but  the lag is terriblei recomend this to everyone!!!!!!!  but dont rage on the lag like i do....my computer is old :/
76561198209391119,Recommended,431180,32593492,Posted: 20 June,all,fangnofox2,"okay so i encountered some annoying things in the game. the most annoying one is the menu that pops up for friends, games news and what not, how do you close that? i press esc and there isnt like a button in the top anywhere where you can close it manually like a X and if there is a button to close it, the whole menu just takes up my screen (windowed or not same result) and i can't see it pls put like an X that says close for that in a top corner!also i just played with someone and killed an elk in the river then got raged at for doing so because the elk just vanished -.- when i last played this game (like years ago) killing elks in the water wasn't a problem... (pls fix it or maybe implement a feature where the body will start floating on the river and then you can 'drag' it off the river) ive also noticed that the spawn rate for elk seems to be lower than when i last played it... its especially annoying when you want to do singleplayer kinda makes it boring really.I also don't like how your head is stuck looking down on the ground when you go to smell for scents (especially when running), i understand thats literally what happens when canines look for scents but its annoying when you want to look up and see if theres any corpes around you in scent mode. can you have it that when you activate scent mode your head will look at the ground when its walking or standing still, but when you start running it looks up a bit more?Another i want to say and that is, as me and my partner were starting to have our pups migrate, i was trying to get near a corpse and then an enemy appeared but the enemy was invisible and the screen just froze on it and i coudn't do anything -.-I told my partner (thankfully chat still) worked and judging by what they said ""you can't do anything"" this seems like a common bug or glitch and yeah thats no good. the Cutscenes when an enemy appears is helpful but at the same time can be annoying as it scrolls from it to you. i honestly can't think of what you could for instead of those cutscenes so i can't give a better idea e.eoverall i think my youger self really loved this game and i remember i had fun (this would be when there was no multiplayer and you didnt have to pay 10$ i think it was a very early beta or demo stage.)okay i just thought of more things xD (sorry) when you open the menu that tells you what buttons on your keyboard does what, it is confusing when you have 'enter' highlighted to use chat but you actually have to press c to chat. Enter doesn't do anything i had to google to find out what button i had to press and in doing so i lost a nice person that entered my room i opened ;-; (also because the stupid menu for friends and game news popped up in my desperation to reply, which made me close it all...).I also think it would be much easier to run if you press or hold down left 'shift' under 'tab'. Q is an awkard button to press not impossible but how many games use Q to run? i always have to stop and think to quickly press Q on and off while your pinky naturally would end up being where shift is not Q to run.If i can change the keys around for certain commands I'll look into that. ok last thing (i swear) pressing space to attack would be much easier than clicking with a mouse and holding it down to stay latched on your enemy or prey. but again if i can change that myself I'll look into it. thank you if you read all of this and take anything into consideration, I'm sorry its so long ^^'"
76561198246594634,Recommended,431180,25402324,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TitaniumWolf15,"This game is amazing. Graphics are beautiful, scenery is stunning, and the wolves are really cute! The science behind it, as far as I can tell, is all accurate. I really enjoy this game. It's very entertaining. I love being able to start my own pack and raise my own pups. I love playing on all of the maps: The gorgeous Amethyst Mountains, the valley in Slough Creek, and the mysterious Lost River (there's definitely a story behind the Lost River that I want to figure out)To sum it all up, if you love wolves, get this game!"
76561198317539646,Recommended,431180,33183897,Posted: 3 July,all,Qentie,"This game is so fun, and it's awesome!"
,Recommended,431180,33167206,Posted: 2 July,all,AntiAimbot,Good for making memes with friends.
76561198170146505,Recommended,431180,33680397,Posted: 20 July,all,Blood wolf,It's a great game
76561198393809024,Recommended,431180,33627172,Posted: 18 July,all,liviekitten,"This game is awesome! I have wanted to get it for a long time, I platyed the Demo for like 1-2 years (Sadly :c)I got it!I recommend it to all, even if it costs money <3"
,Recommended,431180,33776540,Posted: 24 July,all,Dreamiinescribbles,I had 2.5 and then bought this one and I am certainly impressed from all the improvements! Its a bit laggy but that could possibly just be my laptop. Definitely would recommend!
,Recommended,431180,34450627,Posted: 23 August,all,[PHB] Searox,"hell ye, game great"
76561198111287835,Recommended,431180,34454453,Posted: 24 August,all,CleverName,I loved this game when I was younger and I still love it to this day. It's a great way of showing off how life can be for a wolf.
76561198133705506,Recommended,431180,34496114,Posted: 25 August,all,Oliviarulescool,Im gonna need to get that music DLC peeps. I still have the original version of this game. Dang it's improved. Highly recommend this game people.
76561198284604372,Recommended,431180,34058487,Posted: 6 August,all,Kawaii,"WolfQuest is by far, one of the best games I've ever played. Rarely any problems, incredible graphics, and the simulator idea itself is amazing. The customer service is also incredible. Whenever I had a problem, the team messaged me immediatly, and we got the problem fixed the same day it occurred. WolfQuest 2.7 is multiple times better than Wolfquest 2.5, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for realistic simulators, or just loves wolves."
,Recommended,431180,34056039,Posted: 6 August,all,Nani2.0,Its a pretty fun game to goof around in with some friends.
,Recommended,431180,34356207,Posted: 19 August,all,TayTayRae,"Good game,it's pretty short though.Could be longer and have more quests to do before and after getting pups.Also could be more realistic...Like, elk carcasses don't just melt into the ground after all the meat is gone."
76561198245055846,Recommended,431180,34352519,Posted: 19 August,all,*☆*IceWind*☆*,"really great game if you like wolves. very realistic, but your mate is a little glitched. it somtimes runs in circles, doesnt protect the pups, and 1 more thing i cant rember. XD otherwise a truly amazing game,"
76561198409575689,Recommended,431180,34179827,Posted: 11 August,all,maryna1644419,because I do.......
,Not Recommended,431180,34230943,Posted: 14 August,all,SharkyCharlotteSFM,"Now im not saying this game is bad .. its quite enjoyable .. i just dont think at this moment in time its really worth the money .. with far to little to do and its just very repetable ..however i have been following this game for a while and the develvopers have a lot of big and exciting things planned for this game .. coming into 2018 i hope i will be able to change this from a bad review to a good one ... That is if the game does become all it was lead up to be ^^now dont let this stop you from getting the game yourself it still has , good controls , easy to learn rules and an easy chat system when online XD"
76561198047027650,Recommended,431180,34218567,Posted: 13 August,all,~G A M E R A~,"I have been playing Wolf Quest since its early days. Let me just say this game isn't terrible, but even after years of development there isn't a whole lot to it. Once you've completed the main goals in singleplayer and seen all that the maps have to offer, there's really nothing to bring you back to this game. The one moment of ""aww"" and ""oooo"" in Wolfquest is when you go to the cattle farm. The cattle farm brings a sense of adventure and tension that leaves you craving for more. Unfornuately, besides the rare occasion when trees are set on fire by lightning and almost collapse ontop of you, that's the only moment the game provides. Most of the game is just characterized by just running around and eating, though the new maps have interesting themes to explore they're hardly fun. You're stilling just running around and eating but just in a new environment.The game is far more techincally sound since arriving unto steam, which is nice. But one thing that still irks me about the game is how clunky walking and running feels. It doesn't feel like you're actually running untop of terrain, but rather your wolf feels like they're on a rail track. Stuck to the ground at all times and darting up and down with every bump in the environment.All the newest inclusions such as customization, new animals, and new maps were a treat to see, despite some of my gripes with the game. The graphics, though by no means perfect, are decent. The one thing that does bother me is that whenever there is writing present in the area is all the same big black font despite the implication that different people are wiritng it.Conclusion: If you are big into RP then you'll mainly play WQ for it's multiplayer, however if you're looking for something longer and more interesting it might not be the game for you. Despite my own frustrations with the game I still watch the development progress with interest. I feel like if the game had more adventure and tension as a whole, with some improved physics, the game would be more enjoyable. I would advise the developers to remember to not loose the ""fun"" while making the game realistic."
76561198307490371,Recommended,431180,34158627,Posted: 10 August,all,i3luekay,Fun to play with friends and goof off and chat!
76561198367291484,Recommended,431180,34268125,Posted: 15 August,all,LeafyGamer1234,"Really love this game. Its so realistic and fun to play. I  find it very interesting :D. it shows how wolves hunt and survive, which is pretty cool (despite me being killed by a bull elk before ;w;)"
76561198038028539,Recommended,431180,34628475,Posted: 31 August,all,Friikkus,"I played this game back when it was just the basic map. It has come a long way and I am really eager to see where it will evolve. The game itself is educational, fun and simple."
76561198255369769,Recommended,431180,23086204,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,OcelotCharlotte,"I have been playing WolfQuest from when it wasn't even out on Steam yet. Even though back then there wasn't as much to do, I was already in love with the game, so of course I bought the game once it came out on Steam!  I really like the multiplayer option, in which you can grow your cubs together with your friends.It's very challenging, and once you have your pups, you can't stand still for a single second. There are also lots of achievements, which makes the game even better.You have to protect your pups against all sorts of dangers, such as bears coyotes, and now even eagles and cougars! But of course you also have to pay attention to your pups so they don't drown.I do recommend saving your game often, so if your pup dies because of a stupid mistake, or the game glitches, you can just go back to your latest save file. ;)"
,Recommended,431180,35090056,Posted: 20 September,all,Omega,"I love this game, all the wolves, rps,friends and other stuff in this game, You can hunt animals and start a pack, you can also make in-game friends. Favorite game now"
76561198178527374,Recommended,431180,35055680,Posted: 18 September,all,MillennialMeat,Its kind of like Dog's Life. But you're a wolf. And theres no story. Also I kill more deer than I think I should.
76561198142057753,Recommended,431180,35183394,Posted: 24 September,all,sylahmoon,"LOVE IT! Best wolf survival game EVER! I totally recomend this to others who love wolves, great work! <3 :DDDDDDDDD"
76561198308426428,Recommended,431180,35187592,Posted: 24 September,all,angluvsdavid,Every fun
,Recommended,431180,35245638,Posted: 27 September,all,Shard,"You can play through the single-player game in a few hours. The missions consistent of: Hunting, finding a mate, marking territory, training and feeding pups, warding off predators, and finally carrying your pups across the map. It's pretty fun, if not a little repetitive. This game can be extremely hard, depending on the difficulty.Once you've played through the single-player, you can spend time exploring the maps, getting achievements, role-playing in multiplayer, farming exp with other players, or raising pups with other players. The multiplayer gives the game massive replayability. It's really an awesome simulation game."
76561198058428312,Not Recommended,431180,35476373,Posted: 4 October,all,codystarslinger,"Basic, Very basic find a annother wolf go to level 2 raise your cubes walk down to the ending area fighting off foxes and bears.  game over.prosGood premis easy to controlconsLack of featuresShort and gets boring in 1 hr"
76561198417996924,Recommended,431180,35430281,Posted: 2 October,all,Horsefly11,"I've been with Wolfquest since 2.5 version, and I'm happy to say that the 2.7 version is a much better more improved edition ^.^!I finnally bought it, and I can't wait for the tower fall map and 3.0 update!Pros:- You can raise pups in multiplayer- Good Graphics- Friendly players- Great gameplay- Great custom features.- Great game overall.Cons- Lag, always the lagI loved the game, and I can't wait for the next update!"
