user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,431840,20510300,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Azure Fang,"I bought this game specifically because ofRusinylancer's negative review, and I am glad that I did so. While lacking polish, this game is surprisingly fun.If you just want the bullet list, scroll down to ""Final Say"", as this will be TL;DR for many.ControlsControl of this game is intended for controller, and controller is active by default. If you plan to use a keyboard, make sure to set controls in the pre-game setup menu, and go over them so  that you may become familiar. Once in game, navigate to ""options"" and set the control type to ""keyboard"" so that you have proper control of the game. Beyond this, still expect some odd control choices, such as a second confirm button when crafting.GameplayBe warned: There is no tutorial in this game. You will have to learn everything yourself.Gameplay is broken in to two distinct modes: map and exploration. In map mode, you travel the overworld square by square, consuming food to move or perform actions such as adventuring or mining; exploring the map can also trigger events, which can lead to treasure, events, or combat.Exploration encompasses hunting and gathering food, adventuring for treasure, and exploring towns. When entering an explorable, the zone is randomly generated, giving constant play even in a single playthrough. Monster kills and treasure finds generate resources that can be used to craft equipment, while hunting/gathering/fishing provides food necessary to perform exploration actions.As noted in the game description, all NPCs in towns are recruitable - simply talk to an NPC and, if you meet their requirement, you can add them to your party to be used in combat and crafting actions.Character development follows two systems: level and skill. As you kill enemies, you gain experience, rising in level and gaining HP ans SP, as well as progressing ""killer"" tracks for enemy types. By using skills, everything from your attack skill to crafting skills, they rise in effectiveness over time, much in the way of adaptive level games such as the original Dungeon Siege.Combat follows the semi-standard ""line formation"" style. Your party and the enemy are on opposite sides of the field and take turns, based on stats, performing actions. Attacking an enemy in combat uses a quicktime event, requiring input when a target passes in a reticle to perform a successful hit. All attacks take SP, which are regenerated in combat using the ""rest"" command, artificially slowing combat both on your side and on the enemy's side. After a successful battle, experience and loot is awarded, monster log entries are updated, HP/SP are restored, and the game continues.A playthrough consists of selecting your appearance, class, stats, and main task, with ""find someone to take the place of your soul"" and ""get revenge on your killer"" being the initial unlocked tasks, then running the game. The goal of a playthrough is to complete your main task to win the game, but gameplay is otherwise freeform.Overall, gameplay is fun, if a grind, but the quicktime events and artificial stretching of combat requiring rest produce a dull, ""do I have to go through this again?"" break from the game.GraphicsLet me clear the air in light of Rusinylancer's review.Voxel=/= Buildable or destructible.Voxel graphics are exactly as you see in this game: objects in game are comprised of ""3D pixels"" - filled cubes - rather than shaped polygons. The misconception that voxel games are solely sandbox or destructible builders can be attributed to the fact that the style is used in an abundance of such games, most notoriously Minecraft (though this itself is a misconception) or Steam-distributed games such as Trove or 7 Days to Die, while it's use in terrain and objects can be dated back to Amok on Sega Saturn in 1996 but likely goes back even further.By using small voxels to render objects, in much the same way as PlayStation 3 game 3D Dot Game Heroes, with which this game shares MANY similarities, the game produces a ""neo-retro"" feel, being both 3D yet pixelated at the same time. While the voxel usage produces uncommon, pleasing visuals, this is weakened by a pervasive blur effect on even close objects, a camera locked to 90 degree angle turns at a non-adjustable plane, and opaque zone walls that obstruct the camera when too close to the screen-side wall of a given zone.PolishTo an extent, the game feels a little ""cranked out"". Text bleeds over some menu boundaries, graphics could use a second opinion on some design choices, mouse cursor follows keyboard/controller choices in many cases leaving it hanging on the screen when not in use, menu cursor that remains on the same ""row"" when flowing through cascading menus, combat is artificially lengthened, and no tutorial explaining any mechanics in the game whatsoever. Needs a lot of polish.Final SayNicely rendered voxel graphics hampered by pooor usage of blurArtificially lengthened combatRandomly generated gameplay giving long single- and multiple-playthrough lifetimeFreeform party with any randomly generated NPC available as a memberNo tutorial and no explanation of gameplay elementsSolid, if basic, crafting systemNeeds a lot of polishNo starting explanation of how to beat a playthrough short of the one line descriptionThe game is enjoyable, if bland. If you like randomly generated RPGs there are worse games you could by with your money, but definitely weigh other game options when looking at this one. It is definitely enjoyable, but could easily turn a buyer off based on opinion.Remember that Steam has a return system for a reason!Overall, this deserves a recommendation, on the auspices that it may receive improvements over time."
76561197970303391,Recommended,431840,20576768,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Prepare Ur Anus,"I love voxel art, but I do not like Minecraft or any other survival/crafting style genre.  I am hard pressed to find games with this particular art style that don't lend to it's own tropes that seem to follow it around.  However, I did really enjoy 3D Dot Game Heroes on the PS3 (albeit I found frustratingly hard at times).  I'm also a huge fan of active/timed combat in a turn based environment ala JRPG.This game hits all of those marks.Pros:- tight, responsive and tactile controls- sharp, clean voxel graphics with that tilt-shift style lens filter- smart and active response turn based combat (at first, it's not, but the more you play, the more it evolves)- fun music with a little bit of a J-pop sound- exploration exploration exploration (go out, do things, discover what you'll do next)- randomly generated everything- the grind? (I love grinding)Cons:- lack of story depth or quest options; I would like to see side quests available (fetch? kill count?)- mild tutorial without much introduction (I found it easy to find my way through the game, but without anyone to tell me things were going to get better...I assumed the worst)- not all controller keys/axis are configurable (can't adjust rotation to thumbstick, etc)- the grind?  (some people don't like grinding)I appreciate the subtle humor in the game, the art, and even the homage to all the games that came before it to make it what it is.  As the developer noted the game was inspired by 3DDGH, Breath of Fire, Legend of Dragoon, etc...and it really shows in all the good ways."
,Recommended,431840,20514324,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Nerdroc,"From the amount I've played so far I'm enjoying the game.  The controls are a bit weird, but it's not too hard to get used to. I'm not gonna write a whole essay, but I think it's a reasonable price for a fun beautiful game with a great soundtrack.  Obviously my opinion could change after more time with the game, but so far I think the negative reviews are exaggerating quite a bit."
,Recommended,431840,20502544,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KiTA,"A fun little indy roguelike by a 1 man team.  While 3D, it's actually more like a 2D game presented in 3D -- 3D Dot Heroes style, sorta.The game's claim to fame is a significant amount of procedural generation -- like Dragon Quest Monsters 2 on the original Gameboy's key world system, the game generates a randomly generated world map, complete with randomly generated plains, mountains, caves, towns, et cetera.Every character in the game is statted and can all be recruited to your party.  The game also has a decently implemented crafting and harvesting system, with gathering and crafting being a valid strategy.Combat is a turn based JRPG-like affair, with an interesting mechanic where everything you do requires stamina, which you regain by defending.  In this way it's not dissimilar to Bravely Default's system, although there does not appear to be any automatic regeneration of these stamina points.Long term, the game has you pick out a goal at the start of the game -- only a few are unlocked during the first playthrough, although some of the later ones get more and more outlandish.The game does work much better with a controller, I use a wired 360 pad.Looking forward to future updates, perhaps a tutorial and the ability to see treasure on the minimap or somesuch, as currently finding ""interesting things"" on the map (like chests) can be a bit of a pain."
,Not Recommended,431840,28364433,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PipPopPuddinPop,"Don't waste your time.If, after a few hours of playing, your game starts running in slideshow mode (eg. far too slowly to be playable) despite the fact that you're using hardware that can run Skyrim on max settings, you'll receive no help from the developer. In fact, the developer will ignore you for four months and then finally respond to you and ask you whether the problem is caused by something which you've already told them could not have possibly caused the problem. Why did it take so long to respond to the bug reports related to their fairly new game? It's simple: they openly admitted that they were more interested in working on new games rather than supporting the one they had just released.I'd comment on the actual gameplay, but I'm afraid I was only able to play a few hours. What I did see was mostly bland and repetitive, though. Menus and dialogues were buggy, the fishing system was a pain, the whole thing screamed ""MADE IN UNITY"", and there was nothing to do other than kill stuff, forage, craft stuff, and repeat."
,Not Recommended,431840,31760284,Posted: 14 May,all,Nurse Dashie,"Do you want to blow up your graphics card? Do you want to turn your computer into a furnace to heat you up during those cold nights in the winter? Well, you've come to the right place! Introducing 3DRPG! This wonderful treasure of a game is guaranteed to fry that graphics card you've paid hundreds for! Enjoy the wonders of having 300-1000+ fps due to a thing we like to call ""No V-Sync"" that's right folks No V-Sync! 60 fps? HA! Who needs it. 1000 fps equals faster and smoother gameplay.. But what if you really want 60fps.. No one will never play this at 60 fps.. Not even the nvidia control panel can stop our ""No V-Sync"" That's how you know that we mean business! Get your graphics card fried today for only $9.99!In all seriousness though.. this game REALLY needs either v-sync or a 60fps cap.. I refuse to play a game that will overheat my GPU after a 1 hour session.. Unless someone can tell me how to force the game to cap the frame rate to 60..Maybe then, I'll give the game a second chance.."
76561198042798086,Recommended,431840,24755566,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mina (computer is being crap),"i had already written a review of this game at one point i thought but it seems to be missing.... so here goes:i bought this game AWHILE back now... because of some really kind of over-unnecessarily negative reviews, and the fact that the game intrigued me.this game is... not very well polished, a bit repetetive, and overall may not be for everyone... BUT!this game has some really cool points to it, and is actually kind of fun to do a playthrough every here and there. it'll only take you 2-5 hours more than likely to complete most 'storylines'.if you've played other simple RPGs you may like this one. i used to play a lot of games that other people would scoff at, like final fantasy mystic quest and some of the old dragon warriors and the like on the old snes/nes and i have to say it's nice to have a game whose sole purpose is to just make a character and go on a journey casually at my own leisure.the game has some cool mixtures of elements, like a survival element with food, and hunting/gathering... it's kind of interesting to have in a game like this, especially since that sort of brings the feel of a survival-crafter into it (which it isn't, at all, but still kind of cool to have elements of).there's a lot that this game sort of leaves for want but... i can see a really cool sequel to this coming out at some point and rocking the socks off of this one, but in the process getting more people to buy this one too.i would recommend it if you have the cash and dont mind casual exploration and random battles with very little focus for story. it's clunky and odd but charming nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,431840,29460265,Posted: 24 January,all,Toack,Controls and camera movement/angle are the worst.
,Recommended,431840,20718973,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Androdia,So many fricking haters played 30 mins loved it! will be playing more sum time :).Yes theres a few bugs but thats with all new games. It should do fine once those are added.Suggestion.Add bigger map sizes. :>More animals :DAnd more herbal stuff!Also the requirements are a bit off i don't need more then 4GB ram and a old amd cpu to play max graphics
,Recommended,431840,20696553,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Brinonymous,"I bought this game and... 7.2 hours later I'm finally breaking myself away to write my first impression down.As far as RPG experiences go, this game is the real deal. Exploration, great battle system, crafting, resource gathering, multiple class/profession options... to me, this is everything Minecraft is missing. Sure, it may not have building, but that is pretty small potatoes compared to the rest of the game.So far, my biggest complaint is a lack of save system. However, that complaint is present in any game that implements only auto-saving.RPG fans shuld definitely give this game a shot!"
76561198095060465,Not Recommended,431840,32889358,Posted: 27 June,all,SStraw,need to improve Control and camera angle
,Not Recommended,431840,29487121,Posted: 25 January,all,IC Narahashi,"nice graphic, I like it. but the gameplay is too boring"
76561198172045789,Recommended,431840,31168117,Posted: 15 April,all,trev.nichols31290,"The first few times I played this game, I really had no clue what I was doing.then it slowly started to click, now I'm having a great time playing this little game.First off, this game should be *needs to be* played with a Controller, be it Steam or Xbox, it's just easier. (I had problems with it not responding to my keystrokes on my laptop, controller use is near flawless (you'll occasionally charge an arrow and have it drop as if it didn't register the charge.)The idea is you've been killed, but your soul escapes the underworld are you come back to life. you choose a ""challenge"" to keep your life, be it killing your killer, making money, or killing monsters, amongst other things... additional challenges unlock with subsequent playthroughs, you can only start with ""Killing your killer"" or ""exchange your soul for another""When you start, go to a town ASAP, talk to people, add one to your team, you can have up to 6, with 4 active, this is based on your influence or level (+1 to party to every 5 levels gained, max team size by lv. 30) and whether or not you fill their requirements, (stat levels, skill levels, number of kills, amount of wealth, etc.)Moving, searching for treasure, and clearing mines takes food. if you don't have enough food, you'll be forced to gather more. you can hunt/fish/gather it from any tile but towns, make sure you cook it before you leave the area. it's super easy, point and shoot, then pick it up, push a button to cook it, simple as simple gets.Characters can learn each others skills by setting them as  one anothers mentors, this makes for skill raising to be an easy task (I'm dealing 3k-5k damage with my strongest attacks), the stronger the skill, the longer the combo, and the longer to learn it (I've seen as high as 8 hit combos). different weapons and classes make for different skills, some can be learned regardless, (my whole team knows Lunge and Triple Strike)Each tile has a level, if your lowest team member's level is lower than the tile, the number is increasingly red. If your lowest level is higher than the tile, it's increasingly dark grey. a white number is equal to you. I DO NOT RECOMMEND going more than 1 or 2 levels above your own, you're gonna have a hard time.The controls are simple enough, choose your attack, your target, and hit the A button when the two moving squares line up. if they're not overlapping, you miss/break your combo, the closer they are, the critical hit chance goes up. all in the reflexes.The isometric graphics are meh, and the camera has ADHD during the battles, and there's a terrible blur in a couple areas... Redaval Town is almost unviewable, but I discovered its that way for a reason, FYI...-expect it to move slow in the beginning, expect to die in the beginning. it's just the way of the game.-check EVERY MOUNTAIN for mines, the monsters are great for grinding (you'll have to sooner or later) and the resources are necessary for decent progression.-always go for the investigate events, it's a valuable farming resource.-Craft often, you'll need the skill 100% Maxed asap.-you'll run out of leather more than anything.-sell everything you don't use, there's no reason to keep it unless you're one of those 100% sive file completionists.-you WILL grind. and grind, and grind, and grind, and grind, and grind, and grind, and grind, and grind....all in all, I'd give it 8/10 certainly replayable, but quite repetitive."
,Recommended,431840,20634471,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Crim_Hammerlock,"A great RPG game in my book, it may not look it but it is very fun, and difficult at times, highly recomend."
76561198097190877,Not Recommended,431840,31815645,Posted: 17 May,all,dant,"Was it a good game? No. Is it worth $10? Again, the answer is no. But was it fun? Meh not really, it moderately enjoyable for a few hours, so buy it on sale if you really care that much."
76561198043065480,Not Recommended,431840,26162509,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Wulfried,"Very uninspired rpg of what could've been a fun little game, but instead was clogged with terrible camera issues, confusing control schemes and stale, slow paced and tedious combat.For whatever reason, turning the camera forces it to turn a full 90' degrees every time, instead of small increments, which then creates situations in which your character gets locked into the environmental's which are scattered everywhere. Not to mention the bloom on the horizon blurring out the compass.The combat for some reason has stamina, which could've been inovative if done right, but instead of smart combat scenarios in which stamina needs to be managed, it just falls into a time waster having to attack > rest > attack > rest etc.While the voxel style is appreciated, the rest of the game is unpolished and underused."
,Recommended,431840,20815362,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Phenomenal,This game is great but the fact is that people who give it a negative review buy it for a action adventure game rather than a rpg to be clear this is a turn based rpg with grinding and parties and all but it's a great one at that with deep gameplay and lots of ways to change what you are doing with many minigames like fishing however it is somewhat buggy I have ran into 3 bugs in playthrough (including a softlock bug when I left the games barriers) but all in all it's a fun game and very fun to mod too ;D
,Not Recommended,431840,25016816,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,galdon2004,"If you value your eyes, do. Not. Buy. This. Game.This is not hyperbole. This game is literally painful to look at. The game places a blur filter over EVERYTHING on the screen outside a tiny radius around your character in most areas; and in the desert it goes one step beyond and gives everything red and blue after-images that wobble around randomly, and there is no option that I can find to turn these filters off.My head is now literally throbbing because of the strain this placed on my eyes. I can only imagine what might be in store for someone who suffers from epilepsy when they first stumble into the desert and find alternating primary colors wobbling randomly around on the screen."
,Not Recommended,431840,20797527,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,devinblox - skinhub.com,"This game shows most of its things in first peron but you cant even move in that mode! This game has no depth and for a cost of ten dollars is insane! I've played better games on gamejolt, and to be honest thats where this game belongs. At least make it lower than 5 dollars!"
,Recommended,431840,32904103,Posted: 27 June,all,Aech,I started in a small town. I got 3 powerful friends and together we killed people and monsters. I think I am ready to play this game now.
76561198037080732,Recommended,431840,20521229,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Sorry but this is a good game. Yes it has many things to improve, like cities (looks all of them the same), ai sometimes get stucked when they are walking (like fences). BUUUUT its a fun game. Reminds me a little bit this final fantasy fights. Need some polish tho. But for 9 bucks i think its quite worth it. Maybe this should come out as an early acces? could help the dev to improve some parts of the game."
,Recommended,431840,20512006,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ImaTarget,"Neat little random generated and JRPG inspired game. The controls on PC with mouse+keyboard are, bad and take a lot of getting used too. But not worse then Gothic 1 had, so I am good. Might be  alittle light on content but not played enough yet to have a final opinion. Hopefully the dev will continue working on it because while already a fun game, there is even more potential there."
,Recommended,431840,20507013,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RompaStompa,"ITs all G but a bit fustrating a times, the game doesnt tell you many controls, it just thinks you know allready and iv done  walk through on it check it out to see in-game footagehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbSFlAAS640Qvhp1KNT1wOQYEWWWWW ROMPA STOMPA OUT;)"
,Recommended,431840,20501228,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,AlpenLine,"Welp, here goes my review for 3DRPG..3DRPG initially has that feel of cubeworld but with a fairly different basis, The controls are a bit awkward at first, but they are usable once you get use to them. And In my opinion once you actually get into the game and play around with the whole crafting system,hunting system,fighting system and treasure finding system, i'm sure you will come to realize that this game isn't as bad as you think it is. If you only give this game little under an hour, you aren't fully experiencing what this game has to offer... I've played a little over 2 hours and have gotten really into the game due to how fun/funny some moments can be in this game, for one you have to collect a party, and to do things it requires food which means you hunt chicken :3, pretty fun if you ask me. So yeah that concludes my review for this game that literally came out yesterday, please give it a try before ranting about it in the reviews... Also one other thing, this game in the requirements says that  it requires:OS: 7Processor: Intel Core i7Memory: 8 GB RAMWith that I will say I beg to differ, if anything this game requires a low-end pc to play, if you have anymore questions about the game before deciding to purchase it, or how to play it once you have it, feel free to add me and message me, always willing to help :)."
,Not Recommended,431840,22176671,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ThoniS,The motion blur is so annoying and the keyboard controls dont work very well.
76561197970195617,Recommended,431840,20512091,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hanss.Dampf,Nice little Game with great Artstyle if you like Voxels. Playtime about 8-10h for one Playthrough.
,Not Recommended,431840,24086404,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dracylchaos,game seemed ok but battle system sucked
,Not Recommended,431840,24088217,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,hotziggity,Thank Gaben for refunds.
,Recommended,431840,20493276,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Gsurus,"I don't review games very often, but I have played a quite a few, and I feel as if the current reviewers are not giving the game enough of a chance, so lets begin shall we? Lets talk about the controls.Control Scheme:From the moment you start up the game, it is configured to be used by controllers, this is an easy fix, just use the arrow keys to navigate down to options, and set it to keyboard and mouse.Something to note is that you don't have to really use the mouse at all, and it tends to be a bit awkward if you do.When you first load into the game itself, after the intro cinematic and character creation screen, you start out above a town, and if you look at the bottom of your screen you will see the default controls.(It's important to note that these controls can be rebound as by default they may be awkward for some)By default, Space is set to confirm, with B bound to Cancel, Esc to Escape, C to menu, X to submenu and so on.I've played about thirty minutes so far, and I have had no issues with the menus or interfaces minus a bit of awkwardness before rebinding.Gameplay:As said in the paragraph before, you load into the game, a cutscene plays, and you design your character. After chosing a main objective, (The thing you'll be working towards throughout the game) the game puts you above a village in a sort of top down view which lets you plan your moves. I'm going to call this for simplicities sake the Map. On the map you can do a few things, the first of which is moving. You're able to move up, down, left, or right, each time consuming two food, (You start off with 10 if I remember correctly) At first, you start above a village, which you can choose to enter. Upon entering said village it puts you in a third person view, and you're able to move around the village freely. (Unfortunatly you can't use the mouse to reposition the camera and instead have to use Q and E to move it left and right, and while this is a bit awkward, and the animation for moving the camera is sometimes jerky, you get used to it pretty fast)In villages you can either choose to buy things like armor, weapons, or potions, or you can choose to recruit someone to your party. At the start you are limited to having two people (including yourself) in a party at one time. (I think this number increases as you level) Other than that, there is nothing much else to do in villages.Combat:The combat system is a pretty standard JRPG setup other than one thing, which is a quicktime event upon attacking, if you time it perfectly, you score a critical hit, if you hit it a bit off time you get a standard/weak attack. While it is a bit unforgiving and difficult to score criticals, I think it should be.Crafting:There is also crafting, in which you can create weapons, armor, and potions from things that you collect around varying instances. Pretty run of the mill.Food and Treasure hunting:When you get too low on food you'll find yourself in a situation where you have to go out and scavenge for it. When you select the option to hunt for food you get put into an instance that has things such as chickens, rabbits, berries, and tomoatoes around. You can switch between a bow, a fishing rod, and a third option that simply lets you observe things around you in first person. This is something I dislike, as hunting for food can get tedious, but that is just out of my lazyness as it is easy to get a lot of food in a relatively short amount of time. Treasure hunting puts you in another instance that puts you in whatever biome you are over, like Food hunting, but instead of spawning chickens and berries, its spawns monsters, and treasure chests. The treasure chests are thrown randomly through the map and can be hard to find, and the monsters tend to chase you which makes it all the more difficult.Overall I think that this game has some work that needs to be done on it, but it isnt outright broken, and will give you at least a few hours of fun if you're willing to get over/rebind the controls. As I play more, and time progresses, I will update this review as it is not complete, nor have I played enough to fully review it."
,Recommended,431840,20491788,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,None of the things Rusinylancer said are true. Either he needs to get his computer or head checked.Thanks :DPS: The game is fun :)PPS: I killed a pig with an arrow and cooked its meat. Yum! I like the pretty graphics and the sound and I picked the quest to kill my killer. Also another great part of the game is making irl people upset that you like it and they continue to comment despite the fact I can't read a word they're saying because ofhttps://stevenf.com/shutupcss/and they still post!! It's great. Like this game.Smoke weed everyday!
76561198025018402,Recommended,431840,30646761,Posted: 20 March,all,gigawatts,"It's fun for the first few times that you go through it. However, it becomes a bit of a grind to complete all of the objectives - none of them are very different from each other, and each time you have to get close to level 40 (the max level) in order to finish the run. If you watch a ""Let's Play"" video and you think you'll enjoy it, you probably will."
,Recommended,431840,20529590,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,This game is a good bit of fun and they lone developer is actively fixing issues and adding content. I would recommend this to any rpg fan who wants something familiar but different. I have a feeling this will be one of those games I come back to play again every two months ti check out the new content.
76561198127464519,Recommended,431840,20534681,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,kippo,Well I got this game after the day it came out. And I have to tell you. This game is FUN! Even though the controls are a bit off without a controller of some sort overall very good game! When I bought this game I was playing it non stop. I like the shaders and the voxelized old-school rpg aspects. I would possibly support the developer for this game just to get better. The combat system is a smart Idea I might say its very time based and I think that this game will grow to become a great game for people who like voxelized rpgs.
,Recommended,431840,26126308,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,hi u ok,"this game is so much fun and i gurantee will entertain you for hours if you have a good imagination to go along with it. i read the negative reviews for this game and it almost cost me such a wonderful experience. so just don't listen to them!now it's true that it ain't perfect; forest stages lag like hell (fix this pls) and sometimes the game won't let you move to the next stage unless you play the one you're on; but these are minor blemishes on an otherwise excellent game. i would, however, recommend buying it when it's on sale, since this game is so simple. yet fun and engaging.so yeah, buy this game and enjoy, because it's a very satisfying play."
,Not Recommended,431840,30970398,Posted: 5 April,all,OneiriCat,"Gets old really fast, pretty much any element of the game is extremely shallow and could have been done much better by adding some variety."
,Not Recommended,431840,28993842,Posted: 3 January,all,Whatswiththecat,"The monsters you start off against deal 75% of your health in one hit. The story is very weak as you make a deal with a demon that he will allow you to be alive again if you....(You choose through a number of options what you want the deal to be, but one of the first two options you're allowed to choose is) find the man that killed you. How does that make sense? The Lord of the Underworld is going to let you live if you find the man that killed you? How does that benefit the Demon at all? The fighting is you clicking on ""Attack"" and then your character does a little bit of damage, but you only have enough energy for one or two attacks so you're going to have to spend a turn to ""rest"" to get your energy back. But you're going to die because like I said, the beginning monsters deal 75% of your health in one hit so if you didn't die on the second turn, you sure will on the third. The developers bailed on this game so that they can work on others. Even if this game was what it is promising itself to be, it is no where near worth $9.99. You'd be better off just playing Minecraft or any other Adventure Block game."
76561198054268780,Recommended,431840,20574775,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JAM,"It looks ""3D dot game heroes""System is not mature ""Zelda""But as ""Zelda"" freedom is not."
76561198074392711,Recommended,431840,29453979,Posted: 23 January,all,Pench the Bes,skyrim 23 best game out now get yourself a copy now
