user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025051194,Not Recommended,431810,28523536,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,emirfassad,"It is not clear to me who are enemies and who are friends.It is not clear to me whether or not a character has a weapon.it is not clear to me why walk and run result in the same movement.It is not clear to me what is in my inventory.It is not clear to me how to wield a weapon.It is not clear to me how to heal damage.The character's objective is not clear to me.It is not clear to me what happens when I interact with an object on the map.It is not clear to me why there is no manual for a game that does not follow any traditional interface standards.In fact nothing I have seen in my first session with this game has made any aspect of game play clear to me.I will concede that English may not be the Dev's milk tongue.  Certainly there is programming & user interface standards standards documentation in their native language.  If not here are the very primier rules  of interactive programming:•  K.I.S.S.• Make everything simple for the user.• Adapt your application to the user's paradigm.• Do not expect the user to intuit your intentions.By my count the devs have violated every one of these precepts.And finally, to the Devs:• Never believe your fans. One dissatisfied customer will cost you more sales that a score of fans will provide."
,Not Recommended,431810,28577153,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,EternaTea,"I'm not alone in having no idea how this game ended up with a ""Mostly Positive"" rating.  PLEASE read the other negative reviews, that aren't crowded with fanboys/friends of the dev.The UI is garbage, the controls are inexplicable, the direction (of the game and the combat) are completely unclear.  The game lacks all story and/or structure that would allow me to actually call it a game.  This is a badly written tech demo that costs about $5.99 more than it should.  I'm usually the first guy to say ""if it's on sale, though, get it"" - but I can't do that here.  This is not a game worth playing at any price, since it lacks any hallmarks of being, y'know,a game."
,Not Recommended,431810,31228465,Posted: 18 April,all,Shagie,"Meh-I'm a fan of roguelikes - from the original to modern ones.  This one is a roguelike, but is decidently a meh- score.It lacks much help. Not even so much as a brief guide for the controls.The classic roguelike has a progression of difficulty. This one, so far, really feels like tossing you into the deep end - you've got a guy with a sword against enemies with (what I presume to be) grenades and guns.The availble controls are neither documented nor intutiveThis is moreso a game for trying to puzzle out what the coder intended things to be and mean (a '+' room? is that health? Nope - or at least, not before I died against an impossible monster after the first encounter).  Puzzles are ok, but they shouldn't feel like inverse requirements gathering.There are better roguelike games to play and waste one's time on with the ""Yet Another Stupid Death"" rather than ""tried to fight an impossible adversary at the start of the game.""A good roguelike gives controlandhard decisions. A poor roguelike gives neither. This feels more much more in the poor category than the good category."
76561198005731280,Recommended,431810,30366918,Posted: 6 March,all,Scorpias,"This game is not for everyone.  This is a challenging, turn based, dungeon crawling RPG.The game puts you on the bottom of a 10 level duneon.  To win, you must escape.  You work with 1-3 characters to clear rooms, gain loot and improve your characters so that you can tackle the next level of the dungeon.  When you start the game, you won't get any tutorials or much in the way of help.  However, the game isn't hard to learn and exploring is part of the fun (though many will not agree with this).The game is hard.  You will die.  You will need to learn which weapons are the best, how to spend your money, when to eat and how to craft.Combat is a hex turn based system.  Each room can have different environments (foggy, hot, jungle etc) and/or a few obstacles in the way (ex. corrosive acid) which can add complexity/variety to the fights.   The AI is decent, but not amazing by any stretch.  A room that leads to the next level of the dungeon is always a boss fight.  You will have a tough character with a small number of minions helping him.As you progress, you can buy equipment and/or attribute upgrades (str, dex, agil, etc).  The game has special abilities called ""T.A.L.A.N.T.S."" that you find randomly and after a boss fight.  These abilities can make a big difference, but its a RNG on which ones you will find.There is a story to the game, but it is pretty hidden.  You actually have to work to understand the story.  Graphics on this game are not great.  If you have top tier graphics to play a game, move on.If you like a challenge and turn based strategy, this is an inexpensive game that can give you several hours of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,431810,26426574,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Yabadabadooo,this WOULD be a great game and I *WOULD* recommendit really feels like i'm playing a blackguards version fo dungeon of the endless.  the perma death wouldn't be such a big deal if the game gave the user more opportunities to catch up i think it feels like the area of exploration is confining with the difficulty of the floors.However the entire game is totally RNG so if you're a fan of RNG perma-death games then this is for you.  I am a fan but this game feels like it's in puzzle mode to me but it's not an early access
,Not Recommended,431810,30012002,Posted: 18 February,all,Redhotviking,"If all you want is a tactical rpg in the sense of leveling up your characters and endless fighting then this is the game for you. However i find this game lacking, no story, no meat on the bone so to speak. however the combat is well planned out and the survival aspect of finding food, healing between rooms and so on does give it a nice flare. But it still feels like a failed game to me, since there is no story and just grinding enemies for 10 floors are not really enough for me to give it a passing review.If you are like me and require at least some story in your rpg games stay clear of this one."
,Not Recommended,431810,29397976,Posted: 21 January,all,Nab,"Rencounter is a difficult (randomized, no-rules-explained),  turn-based (with some indecipherable rules were some units act more often than others), RPG (there are generic bodybuilder hunks with stats. No interaction beyond ""kill it"". No Roles. At best a dungeon hack), roguelike (why balance stuff? you can always restart and maybe the randomness likes you next time) game with a mysterious atmosphere (you run around in a weird environment and kill stuff for no other reason that it tries to you too)Should be Early Access or Greenlight, but not a release"
,Not Recommended,431810,30673605,Posted: 22 March,all,Whale Biologist,"When you load it up it'll feel like you're playing a pre-alpha early access title, there is very little polish and there's not much endearing to make up for that. I feel like this game does little to match up to the fairly well established market for this genre. (its not like mecha sims where you honestly just take what you can get these days)"
76561198280862950,Recommended,431810,32795201,Posted: 25 June,all,ILiveUnderground,A fun little Turned based RPG. Wished there was a tutorial in the game but otherwise was fun. Worth the $1.49 on the sale.
76561198146864279,Recommended,431810,29531359,Posted: 27 January,all,derekdwhite25,"Rencounter is roguelike, which means you'll die a lot before getting the hang of it. It becomes a lot of fun once you understand the system, though. Definitely worth the whopping $3.Best advice: play in easy mode. Make it to floor 2. Hang on as long as you can. When your whole squad wipes (which they will), you'll get booted back to floor 1 with only one guy, but all the gear, skills, and recipes you already aquired (your dude will be naked, but all the gear will still be in your inventory; just re-equip it). Gear up and start again. Before long you'll start to understand the mechanics (hint: recipes are a big deal) and the game will feel much more balanced."
,Recommended,431810,31126158,Posted: 13 April,all,Dardenfall,"For $6 this is a pretty cool game.  It's rough around the edges but it has depth.  You can upgrade your weapons & armor, skills, get new recipies to craft and find allies in your struggle to escape.  It's difficult and atmospheric and a bit confusing at first but I'm having fun with it."
76561198093780939,Recommended,431810,22806793,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Festus van Geck,"This game has very few reviews, so i'll post a quickie.Recounter a spin on the dungeon crawler genre. It's currently in early development (and it shows), but shows a lot of promise and is already fun to play. The general gameplay is divided into three parts: exploration, combat and character management.Unlike most dungeon crawlers, you don't just walk around with your character peeking around corners. If you're not currently fighting, you're presented with a simple map showing a series of connected rooms. You move by clicking the neighbouring tiles, which in turn reveals more rooms. If there's something worthwhile in a room, you'll have to fight for it. This could be items, allies, shops, healing, food, to name a few. Moving around the map eats up your Hunger stat - more on that in a moment.When you decide to fight, the game jumps to a 3D view of the room you're currently in. You will see your character/s, the baddies, elements of terrain, and stuff you can later click on to loot. Combat is turn-based and takes place in a classic roguelike fashion - one action at a time. Some actions are faster, some are slower, thus quickening or delaying your next turn (think ""ADoM"" and energy costs). All charaters have 3 floating bars at their feet, which represent Health, Stamina and time until next turn. Each weapon has two different attacks - heavy and light - which can target specific body parts, thus inflicting various flavours of boo-boo upon your enemies (and you). The specific effects of getting hit and some other actions (like running) aren't described in the game yet, but they're there, you just have to figure that stuff out by yourself.Character management is rather developed at this stage. You manage your Health (which keeps you alive), your Hunger (which lets you explore), and the money-thing called ""Ice"". If you deplete your health, you die. If your Hunger drops below a certain threshold, you suffer severe penalty to stats. Without Ice you're weak. Speaking of Ice - you gather it by killing enemies, looting stuff and disassembling items at your inventory screen. In turn, it lets you upgrade your stats and equipment. Also serves as currency when you find a shop.Recounter is in early development. That means unfinished interface (everything is accessible and usable, just a bit clunky), little variety of content, and balance issues (i.e. I cleared the first dungeon level just fine and then I got completely massacred in the first room of the second floor). The core mechanics are there, and the game is enjoyable already, which is something notable in an early-access game. Recounter is dirt cheap, costing 6 Euro (3E on sale, currently), so if you're a fan of the genre, I suggest supporting the creator. And if you're skeptical about early access, just pay close attention to the title, it may grow into something great.Edit: I don't know why it says i received a free key. I'm pretty sure I didn't tick the box and I bought the game myself."
76561198158899777,Recommended,431810,20946944,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,G-grey,"The game for a really  tough guys , who are ready to  try and die,  to try and die , again and again.Just wild slash, no mercy, no knowledge - Where are u from? What is going on? Pure war and fight for crumbs of HP and loot)))First  four or five deaths, loosing loot and chars  are enraging. But then u thinks I’ll do it. Yes I’ll do it.Pros:-    Fine picture-    Each attempt like a lottery, like a real life-    Addictive game-    Every time u think this is the last) But trying again-    For me the game is ready for 90 percentsCons:-    I'l prefer to see buttons and map more attractive than circles and squares-    Not clear system of counts in battles-    Not all items have normal description-    Some tutorial makes it more pleasure to play"
,Not Recommended,431810,30754915,Posted: 26 March,all,kleric,"No explanation of anything at all. Why does my attack % go down after every attack? This makes it harder and harder to complete encounters. Why do things keep spawning? What are those things? What am I? What is the goal?I wanted to like this game, but it's overly difficult and thoroughly confusing even for a roguelike."
76561198034979373,Recommended,431810,34873438,Posted: 10 September,all,Bacon Abomination,"I have a lot of things to say about Rencounter but I'm going to start out by being forthright; I really like Rencounter. I have played it on & off & on again. I feel I need to say however that, despite my seemingly limited number of hours, I have felt the change and growth over the time that it has gone up until now. It has gotten a lot better as in comparison to the early stages.I remember back in the day, the first thing I did was just die. I died a lot and this genuinely made me angry because I simply didn't understand, but after dying a few times, trying to use stuff and my inventory was filling up with junk equipment I finally saw the disassemble button. The game then opened its' doors and said ""welcome"".Rencounter is a Dungeon Crawler with turn-based tactical elements, minor roguelite elements &  nearly no RPG elements. These aren't points against it. I like my random name the game gives me every time. It adds flavor to my run. I don't like I can't get a random clone when I die, and always end up coming back as the model I call♥♥♥♥♥♥Rockjaw, just slightly bigger or smaller but what it does have is:Stat building, passive traits, a minor crafting system, gear management & Food rationing. This is enough for me right now because I really find myself very interested in the world that we are playing in.I haven't beat Rencounter yet but I have high speculation and a ton of the in-game scrolls and I get pictures of the overall plot. I imagine the ending will be along the lines of ""you are in a VR program to see if you are worthy for real life"" kind of situation. That's why I think you're allowed to come back as your character, until they die.Edit: I beat the game. I have seen the surface. I hope there will be a sequel. This game has so much potential for an expanded sequel. I am glad that my guess was wrong.REAL WARNING: if you're playing and you are invested in your main character, if he dies, You will play whoever is left over. I know this should seem obvious but it really comes as a super hard shock to you as a player, so Remember this: Invest in your team mates. They could be your new Player Character.I have had many good team mates. In the early days, I actually didn't understand what the rooms meant. I didn't understand what Ice was or anything. So I just killed them and looted their bodies. Some people will tell you that this is a good strategy for early on in the game, but you Will Need friends.I've had characters that I have admittedly abused through perk manipulation. Had one guy that used Path of Pain and a few other things and got my character up to 10K health. There is mechanical fun and challenge to be had if you know what you're doing.I like the lighting, the shadows- I like the Look of Rencounter. I like the ruins, the fungal altars, the drowned rooms, the nearly-aztec style masks, the shift to near-medieval with plate and then the severe comparison to things like the Hacksaw, or the Star Killer. You feel very lost in time if that wasn't already felt from your slow departure from the cloning pods.I intend to beat Rencounter soon. I have been inspired by a rare instance in-game that meant something to me.I got a Crab. I got the egg and opened it up and I got my very own crab. I thought to myself, after it saying ""Hey give it a name"" that I would pick a name that just makes me laugh. His name was MEME. I was going to make him into MEMELETTE but I didn't have the space.I saw, that you could Feed your crab and it would always cost 500 to feed. This was the most cost-effective thing I had seen in the whole game. By now I have a character with like 500 levels or so, so I can't afford upgrades but not only could I level up my crab but actually sate its hunger was a great deal.For a long while, it was just MEME and I. People would come and go, they would be healed and armored and treated well but MEME was the MVP. He soaked damage, ignored water and consumed smaller crabs.That ended.MEME was actually pummeled to death by a smaller crab. I murdered the ♥♥♥♥ out of that smaller crab.So it was just back to my guy & me. I am on floor six. I am getting ready for whatever there is to happen but without MEME I'll be real, it's sad.I have had a lot of good moments in this game, because of its hardline stances on its mechanics and universe. It's very basic, very enjoyable and sometimes there are small textural or typographical flaws but I can forgive that because I can feel the effort.If Rencounter never gets ""finished"", then it will still be known to me as a very solid title to me.It's fun, it's fast, it reminds me of a lot of classic 90's fun & its' price is justifiable.Get it now for wholesale, or on a discount but please give Rencounter a chance. I thought it was going to be a garbage title & I was happily wrong.So I recommend it Entirely.SO HERE ARE SOME TIPS:Invest in your stats first and foremost. You will always find better gear.Buy EVERY recipe. They will literally melt the difficulty away as you collect so many ingredients that you can do anything and make super valuable stuff in a flash.Ultraviolet herbs are the best deal second only to attribute potions at the sellers (the ice crystals and the circle icon on the map is a store)Going to a Mushroom Altar will always feed you and then you will always recieve a mushroom or two. Don't spam mushrooms as soon as you leave, just in case you aren't paying attention.You will need to reload your gun every shot, but you will need shot in your inventory pouches to reload also. Except the Heater, the Heater is a revolver.You can use Healing Grenades in your inventory.The Star Killer seems to always take like 90% of your health but it will usually 1-hit kill anything strong. Boost your stats and you can get away with upper-end 4 number swipes. I think I got like 5K one time on a dude who needed only like 1000."
,Recommended,431810,26738475,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Figrin,"As someone who likes RPG's, roguelikes, and challenging games like XCOM or Fallout, or even Pixel Dungeon I've really enjoyed this game so far. The controls are nice and simple, so it's great for kicking back on a tablet. The atmosphere is cool, and I'd love to see some more story elements fleshed out--but as a roguelike this isn't a huge expectation.Combat is well paced and really rewards thoughtful strategy. It punishes you big time for bad decisions. Entering a room you're unprepared for, or making a bad move, means dead squad members. Great if you want to re-live that horrible feeling you got when watching your soldiers in XCOM get gunned down.All that being said, the game doesn't feel totally finished. There's absolutely zero instruction provided to the player on how to play, other than a scroll that starts in your inventory which says ""Press LMB to equip items"". Not super helpful, but the controls and the UI are simple enough to figure it out as you go. Just adds to the challenge! Each playthrough I learn something new and have been able to make it further into the game. Character customization is decent, but I'd love to see the option to set your name, appearance, or stats before beginning a new game."
,Recommended,431810,22803122,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sonny,"My ReviewIn my opinion at first it looks boring  :/  but then i saw that it's an EA and the price is not gonna hurt my wallet, so i bought this game and give it a try  .  .so  . . . it's  fun.  .and enjoyable  . . but  it also needs a lot of work to get this game perfect  . . .              of course I'm talking about The UI !!!!! ..and maybe the movement ...!? the combat is an OK but not good enough  :) :)so overall this is a good game sir.<3 <3: ): ) :) Don't you dare give up this game Developer :) :)sorry if my english is ...weird ... XPupdate*the new update fixed a bug i know . . . so  . . .i guess no bug . .. YET!! :)"
76561198143634707,Recommended,431810,28719353,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tryspamthis,"Well this is a little gem IF you like VERY difficult games and RNG.pros: very accurate combat system, good variety of weapons and armorcons: lacks any tutorial so you gotta figure out (through many deaths) all the mechanicsthe general experience is quite frustrating, but again, you must be in the mood for this games (Darkest Dungeon anyone?)"
,Recommended,431810,34368084,Posted: 20 August,all,zerohurt,Great Rogue-like and worth full price the Dev is always active.
,Recommended,431810,25835003,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sarger,"Exploration part of the game is simple: random map, consisting of rooms, safe or guarded, empty or contained all sorts of usables from storage to follower. Lots of loot, really.Combat part seems simple -  char can move or use weapon or item. But really it is quite complicated things like  positioning to get advantage of first hit and saving char stamina, having quick route in case of emergency and so on. So battle become truly tactical and there is always a chance that things will go wrong. :)Easy to learn, hard to master. Intriguing exploration tactical game."
,Recommended,431810,31408643,Posted: 27 April,all,Dopefisher - Ready To Play!,Much better game than I expected for $5.99. A decent little rogue-like with increasing difficulty and the ability to recruit new companions.
76561198315559193,Recommended,431810,30793717,Posted: 28 March,all,anthonyrohrl84,"So this is basically a turn-based Dark Souls with heavy emphasis on strategy and character development. The only problem I have is that the game keeps freezing up on the same floor so I'm forced to stop playing...otherwise I would probably spend a lot of time in game. So if you can get it to work properly, I highly recommend it to fans of Old school Fallout, Dark Souls, and even COD: Zombies. You have to figure everything out, find scrolls that give you tips and pieces of what would be considered a backstory. It's very lacking in story, I agree, but it kind of has a mysterious charm to it like Dark Souls. It's extremely fun and not as hard as some of the other reviews would lead you to believe."
,Not Recommended,431810,33729778,Posted: 22 July,all,supreme_overlord,"Got it on sale and it still wasn't worth it.There's zero explanation of the game mechanics so all I can do it guess.  Example: What's the difference between ""run"" and ""walk""?  I can't tell... both seem to use my entire turn.  There's two bars that aren't health and maybe it has something to do with them, but I don't even known what those bars represent.As far as I can tell you always trade actions against the PC.  This sounds nice in theory but without the ability to do more than one thing on a turn or do a ranged attack it always seems better to wait for the enemy to get in range so you always get the first attack.The enemy also seems to toss grenades at the ground but there's no indicator that they're there so your only hope is to pay close attention and run away before they go off, if you even can.In my opinion this is a game that tried to be mysterious but ended up confusing."
,Recommended,431810,30817957,Posted: 29 March,all,fuldry,"No documentation, pure rogue-like with a lot of luck involved. I like it."
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,431810,22798524,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,tuckboat,Too Early to Recommend this EA Title b/cGraphically and thematically very bland...UI is within reach of wtf territory of bad....Combat is underdeveloped at this point...No Tutorial.....Optmization needed but that phase is likely far away.....Looks like this is a first effort or an early solo effort for the developer....I however did not refund and will recommend checking back buy or hitting the follow button at top of the page b/c...Dungeon-Crawling Squad Tactics Rougelikes need to exist....Price wise this isn't going to break your bank...Potential to get better and watching baby games grow up to be big kids is what Early Access should be about....If this is a first effort or even an early one it's not a bad effort for a game demo and I am curious to see what's next.....Recounter might be the worst name for a game I have played this year....since my current favorite mobile game is the worst named game of last year (Mavenfall) there could be a trend developing and we should all stay tuned.I will check in and update now and then if necessary.
,Recommended,431810,20718128,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Tubby McFungun,Somewhat Jagged Alliance-esque combat with great rogue elements.Definitely a game that both luck and skill factor into each life.TL;DR:So far enjoy the game play!
,Not Recommended,431810,35164930,Posted: 23 September,all,Prophet Vorpal,Very repetitive.
,Not Recommended,431810,25688421,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Way too random, bad UI, incosistent buttons, too many clicks just to attack/defend etc.No. Just... No."
76561197972901727,Not Recommended,431810,30340489,Posted: 5 March,all,speedknob,"I hope I didn't pay much for this, 'cause this game is a dog.  It really feels like a bare-bones alpha test, it just has no excitement or enthusiasm.  Help your squad survive?  Why?  For who, for what?  There's more story in Bowman."
76561198089221187,Not Recommended,431810,29845980,Posted: 11 February,all,Randy fine and dandy,"I bought this game because i recieved my first voucher and I was curious. The game has an interesting concept with a turn-based/board-game style where you hop around a chess-board field killing enemies. I found it very difficult to enjoy this game as it is punishing but has little to no rewarding parts to compensate for the difficulty, unlike darksouls, dungeon of the endless and darkest dungeon that do reward you in a sense.5/15"
76561197961154740,Recommended,431810,29206397,Posted: 12 January,all,squippy,"I think this is a very clever game with a lot of potential.  It is not of course a fully featured AAA title, and so it isn't priced as one.  Clearly some people have had difficulty with the lack of a manual, but if you go into it knowing that it is Roguelike, and how Roguelikes work, you should be fine.Thematically, and narratively, the game can certyainly do with more development, and I hope the devs will be sufficiently encouraged to keep working on the project.  But what it is at present is a combat encounter system, wrapped in just enough structure to make a certain kind of sense, although frankly, this is not much less than something like Grimrock might offer.I think the combat system on which it operates is very clever and well designed, and indeed, reminded me of the experience of playing Xcom.  Lovely clever, thoughtful battles with little fluff in between, I think it;s great fun.  If this is your sort of thing, you may find it highly addictive in a ""just one more turn"" sort of way, as I did.  But when they say the game is hard, they are not kidding.  This is a game for people who enjoy the challenge of mastering the way a system works, in the face of stiff resistance.  This is the kind of game that expects the player to be emotionally tough enough to accept defeat anf to keep coming back, the same sort of thing that games like Rimworld and Dwarf Fortress offer.  It's not for everyone, but I think those who are attracted to this sort of thing will thorioughly enjoy Rencounter.I think that this game is priced fairly for what it does offer, and that for people who enjoy Roguelikes, it offers a huge amount of replayability.  I have enjoyed my time with Rencounter already, and look forward to seeing where the devs can take it."
76561197994123605,Recommended,431810,30734768,Posted: 25 March,all,🌌Draugkir🌌,Amazing fun.Dont worry if you die.. play it on easy if you want till you get the hang of it.Really a pearl.Turn based too.
76561198121203990,Recommended,431810,34963644,Posted: 14 September,all,arschy,pretty thematic and fun
,Recommended,431810,26603996,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Canc3l,Fine crawler. Totally worth the price.
,Recommended,431810,23308075,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ForgeDrake,tacticaly dungeon crawl is what I'd describe this as - seems fun and well worth the 6$ price tag I got it for
,Not Recommended,431810,20781050,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ramon,This could really use even just a rough tutorial.  You have to figure our everything as you go along even how to use your inventory or even the map and what all the symbols on it are.This game needs a lot more work.
,Recommended,431810,20713224,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ZAToM,"i really bought the game to be the first. in discussion. in review. my life has a meaning now.will update after playing it (:edit: ok here my review now. pre info. i just thought its funny but ofc i've destroyed my review with ""17% found this helpful"" i didnt even troll, how can you be so super serious and thumb me down for being the first, jealous?anyways.its a mobile port and very repetetive. however im having fun with it and i can play it with one hand (since i broke my hand recently...) which is very nice for me atm.u start off with a random character. turn/time based rounds. when attacks need less time to attack you can attack twice in a round etc.pretty early you can get a companionafter the battle you get some loot and u can click a shining item to get more loot.. this keeps in mind that ur playing a mobile game...what i actually really like is the ""map"" you move between circles and your characters get hungry.in some circles there are symbols which tell yu what u might get there after youve wonb the battle, food, medicine.you can skill your chars, equip them and craft. but the interface is really annoying as it is in the moment. you always have to reselect the character to equip multiple items.and there is no tutorial at all"
76561198327929409,Not Recommended,431810,28545666,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,I love total war,bAD
