user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,432010,20753446,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,BigBossBalrog,"From what little i've played of this game, it seems very, very reminesent of the Harvest Moon games, specifcally Friends of Mineral Town for Gameboy, which is probaly one of my favorite hand held games ever. The game is very atmospheric so far, very charming too,  and the little details, like flower petals flowing in the wind, rabbits running around, and birds flying in the sky are much appreciated.The sprites are very nice looking, and the game looks very appealing (for a RPG Maker game). The character potraits...I really like, but I can see why some people might be put off by them.The music, is great as well. Very harvest moonish.Characters are enjoyable so far. Rather large cast. (I think I read somewhere that they focused more on the writing then the gameplay). Charaters are written very well as well. Leauges better then Harvest Moon. Theres alot of unqiue dialouge as well. (All characters will comment on the weather, the day before a special event, the day after a special event, and more). While Harvest Moon seemed only to devolep it's marriable characters with heart events, alot of side characters are given the same treatment with heart event-esque events.From what little i've expierenced from the farming, it's slightly simplfied compared to Harvest Moon, but still very fun. I'll update this when I get to the mining, fishing, festivels and upgrading the farmstead.Mining is...rather differnt then Harvest Moon (A good thing). Unlike Harvest Moon, you dont need a hoe to go down levels, instead the mine has set room (five in total).  While the further you go down, the harder it is to mine minerals, the better chance of aquiring high quality ones. Also, unlike Harvest Moon, you dont go gems you can sell right away. You need to proccess them first (at a special station right outside the mine). When you proccess them, you get a random gem stone, that you can sell (depending on the quality of the mineral you mined, your chances of getting low, mid, and high tier gems are increased, or descreased)You can also choose the names for your animals, which was a nice little detail I loved in the Harvest moon games. Apparantley, you can also rename your farmstead later on in the game after gettinng a certain item, which is cool.Probaly my favorite aspect of the harvest moon series, is the courting parts, acting like a dating sim at times. Thankfully, it seems the devs have put effort into it. I've meet several differnt candiates so far, and it seems pursuing and romancing various ones, will add a good bit of repalaybility to the game (which the harvest moon games are known for), as the romance candiates personalities are all radically differnt.  One thing it surpasses its progenitor on, is the ability to romance the same gender (which is a feature the Harvest Moon fanbase has been clamoring for, for years). At the start when your making your own character, you get the option to choose which sex your attracted too.After being crushed by the disapointment that was Wild-Season, it seems we've finally gotten an excellent Harvest Moon-esque farming sim on Steam. Whole heardley recomend this to farming sim, Harvest Moon, and dating sim fans. Really excited to keep playing and explore the vast amounts of other aspects the game has to offer."
76561198113552683,Recommended,432010,32472699,Posted: 16 June,all,Vexey ✪,"People forget that this came out long before Stardew Valley... So Im gunna give this credit for everything that is in it before I credit SV. Yes SV has more content but overall, out of the 2, this one is more relaxing. You don't have to run around as much and honestly it has a better sountrack than Stardew Valley.I own both games. I love both games. I will continue to play both games. If you have the $$, I recommend buying this and giving it a go if your a laid-back gamer like me. The characters in Worlds Dawn also draw you in more than the SV ones do. You will find yourself feeling like your really pulled in with this one."
76561197977976786,Recommended,432010,20753973,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SpacedDuck,"I'll keep this review short and sweet. I've played Harvest Moon games since Harvest Moon 64. Harvest Moon 64 and Back to Nature on the PS1 were my favorite games in the series and I've truly loved the series for over 15 years. That said this game is the closest thing I've found ""Other Harvest Moon games included"" to recapturing the love I have for the series. If you enjoyed Harvest Moon 64 or Back to Nature I fully recommend this game. The only gripe I have so far with this game is the annoying sound that plays every few seconds while running as your energy goes down. In my opinion the sound should only occur when the health is getting dangerously low as the sound is quite annoying. Hopefully this is something the developer fixes and or removes or at least gives the option to turn off."
76561198261275350,Recommended,432010,20805487,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,CeliriaRose,"World's Dawn is a game that your either going to love or hate. It is not a complicated game so if your coming in looking for a deep farming simulation or complex gameplay then you may want to look elsewhere. What the game does have in spades though is charm.You start off as a new arrival to the town of Sugar Blossom. You have a small plot of farming land (20 tiles) as well as a barn that can hold 2 cows, a horse, and 4 chickens. On top of this you have a dog you start with and it is even possible to get a cat as well.There is also fishing, gathering plants that grow around town, and mining, and mixing drinks/juice/sauces, and a local sport called lockball that you can partake in as well though it all remains fairly straightfoward and easy to understand.So again not the most elaborate set up but enough to let you run your small farm and keep you busy as you progress through the seasons and the story while you learn about the history of the village and the spirits that keep it safe.Beyond this is the social aspect which is easily the largest portion of the game. There are 25+ other people in the town ranging from the local baker, an artist, the town mayor, the rancher, a priest, etc, etc and all of them have their own personality's, likes, and routines throughout the day, and you can develop friendship or even romance with some of them if you so deire.It really makes you feel like part of a community as you go about your life in your new home.Aside from all that each season that I've played so far (after 13 hours I've just started Summer) has a couple markets where the townsfolk gather to meet and sell some goods and two festivals such as a horse race, music festival, and a beach festival each with their own mini activity that you can participate in.Altogether as said the game absolutely nails the feel that you are in this small cheerful country community. It's not complex, it's not buried in deep mechanics for you to manage your life with. But it is a relaxing and enjoyable way to spend time provided your willing to sit back and go with the flow.If your looking to manage a farm and make a ton of money from it and to see how quickly you can go from rags to riches this is likely not the game for you. However if you want the gaming equivalent of sitting on your front porch with a nice glass of lemonade and just relaxing and enjoying life for a bit, then I would by all means recommend giving this game a shot."
76561198019230252,Not Recommended,432010,20776697,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gringos,"I bought this game because it was supposed to be like Harvest Moon. I'm now close to finishing an ingame year.+ The town and art style is very much like Harvest Moon+ There are a lot of interesting characters with lovely art to socialize with+ The dog is helpful, barking on spots where you could dig out some items+ Some events, scenes and dialogues in this game made me smile to no end. This is a happy game.- You have a farmland of 40 tiles and farm by seeding tile by tile and watering tile by tile. The watering can is your only tool and upgradable to water 3x3 tiles.- Friendship is a grind, as is tradition in the genre. I once gifted a whole harvest to a girl without visable change in the 1 to 10 affection meter. After finishing the friendship grind on 3 villagers, the game seemed to reward me with... some random dialogue lines.- You can only bind the shovel and watering can. You cannot bind anything else like the brush or milking device or animal fodder. This makes the daily barn work quite nasty.If you need a Harvest Moon on PC, this isn't what you want. Games like ""Friends of Mineral Town"" had a significantly larger focus on farming simulation. World's Dawn is a small town simulator with a little gardening on the side."
,Recommended,432010,21813769,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Manders,"Most people are going to be raving about Stardew Valley rather than this - but I'd just like to say that this game is a worthy competitor to that game. There's less focus on farming, and more on being a villager in a small town - and that's okay. It sets it apart from Stardew Valley and Harvest Moon while still remaining a ""sister game"" to them. The dev is really cool - he remains active on the forums, he even put out a personal fix for me when I reported a bug. He wants to continue adding more content to the game, and will more likely do that if there are more sales. I'll say this - if you've finished Stardew Valley and want to try something similar, totally check out World's Dawn."
76561198097665277,Recommended,432010,28213782,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,cinnminn,"World's Dawn is similar to Stardew Valley in that you have just inherited a farm house in a tiny rural village and you can grow crops, fish, mine, cook, and make friends with all the villagers; however, World's Dawn has much more focus on your relationships with the villagers than on the farming and other stuff (especially the mining, that is tiny compared to how Stardew does it). If you really liked the farming/mining/fishing in Stardew but not so much the relationships stuff, then this is probably not the game for you. If you wanted more out of the relationships in Stardew and don't need the farming etc as much, then World's Dawn is probably worth a try."
76561198003928073,Recommended,432010,20771015,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,crmagic,"This is an attempt to bring the farming/social fun of Harvest Moon onto PC.  The creator has chosen to focus on writing and social aspects of the game over the complicated farming mechanics of recent HM/SOS games, and I believe he has succeeded.The good:+Well put together world that has personality instead of cookie-cutter characters+A storyline, complete with storyline quests+A great soundtrack that plays into the relaxing mood+A number of secrets to be found in the world+More customization than early HM games, including clothes, your house, and even which gender (or both!) You want to romance.The bad:-Limited controller support-Low amount of guidance early on; almost presumes you have played HM before-No method to switch tools on the fly; you have to use the menu.-Cumbersome energy system: EN  falls fast and you must sit at a table to eat food to replenish it.-3 dating targets per gender, feels limitedThe interesting:*RPG Maker game, which enforces grid movement and other technical limitations, but the author did not use stock art and music.*Higher level of difficulty as you work out what to do in the game, but no time pressures.*Limited map system.  Hard to find people, but makes finding them more satisfying.*Soccer based mini game with state increases as you play.*Poems from a posthumous supporting character introduce each season, part of the atmosphere.There are currently some bugs that are going to be patched out in a few days, usual first release issues.Verdict:  I think this is a good entry into the non-existant PC nesting game space, and worth the asking price."
76561198040882512,Not Recommended,432010,32090965,Posted: 31 May,all,Act,"The biggest problem with farm sim World’s Dawn is that Stardew Valley exists.It costs $10 normally and is definitely not worth that, while Stardew Valley costs $15 and is easily worth that and then some. Next to Stardew Valley, Wold’s Dawn is noticeably, suffocatingly small. The only reason to play it is if you a) love farm sims and b) have already played Stardew Valley, possibly multiple times. Unlike SV, it has no appeal to someone who isn’t already into the genre, and the only reason someone who does like the genre would play it is if their other options have been exhausted.That said, World’s Dawn doesn’t really do anything wrong, and does some things quite well. The music is nice, and the art is very pretty — certainly it has an understanding of character design that SV doesn’t. It has a cohesive plot that puts a nice spin on the usual formula, and a great cast of 32 villagers with their own look, personalities, and cutscenes. The only real issue is that the controls were a bit oddly done — it’s crying out for a quick-button to pull things from your backpack, and the backpack menus were poorly laid out. Its hotkey system also felt a little random. Also, while it was really nice to be able to choose both your gender and sexual orientation, I thought it ended up highlighting how weird it was you couldn’t change your hair/skin tone.The real issue, though, is that it’s so small. You can only have 7 animals, and only 20 crops growing at once. The mine is just five levels, with no hazards. There are only 10 types of fish, and only 10 crops. There are only a few ‘slots’ you can place furniture in. The game tries to artificially inflate itself by making items you sell — including crops — worth pennies (the most expensive crop sells for only 48g, and diamonds sell for 72), but this is just an annoying barrier to progression.Three years ago, this would have been a great game to find, but Stardew Valley has so raised the bar for the genre that it’s made a lot of these smaller games basically obsolete, and frankly, I think it puts pressure on actual Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons game as well. It’s so rare to see a dev, never mind a dev that’s just one person, make huge promises and then deliver, but ConcernedApe somehow did it, and I think it’s going to have a palpable effect on the genre. For a long time, Harvest Moon proper was all farm simmers had, but the indie revolution changed the quantity, and now from a quality and breadth perspective it’s not true anymore, either — Stardew has shown that not only is it possible to make these games everything fans want them to be, but that there is a large audience for these types of games, and it’s put the audience in the position of being able to ask for more."
76561198008157187,Recommended,432010,32770419,Posted: 25 June,all,A_Wasted_Wizzard,"So, let's break this down, the good and the less-good.The good: this game does an excellent job of simulating the village life element of the Harvest Moon games that serve as its inspiration. The characters are delightful, and it's a treat getting to know them (so to speak). The farming is simplified compared to some comparable games (later Harvest Moons/Story of Seasons, Stardew Valley), but that gives you more time  to pursue the social aspects. The graphics are enjoyable, the controls are fairly simple (and you can play without a mouse without any difficulty), and the story is simple, but well-planned. The festivals are enjoyable, and Sugar Blossom Village is a treat to experience.The not-so-good: the game is the work of a very small team, and it shows up in the amount of content; the main ""story"" of the game can be pretty much completed within your first in-game year without too much difficulty, and, at the moment, at least, there's no way to start a family with any possible spouse. You can, of course, keep playing even after you wrap up the main story, but the game does become a little less compelling. And, if you're much more keen on the farming side of things, you might be disappointed by that side of the game. There's also the odd glitch here or there, although I haven't had any that actually had a noticeable impact on gameplay.The skinny: for what it's sold at on Steam, it's worthy of the pricetag. The game is a little short, but what's there is as good content as you'll find anywhere. The game emphasizes the social/village life aspect over the farming side, so keep that in mind relative to your own tastes. The developer is still active in making fixes for the game, but it's unclear if any new content is forthcoming, but you should enjoy the game in its current state, all the same. Definitely worth a play.Worth addressing the elephant in the room: yes, this game is smaller than Stardew Valley. However, as someone that owns both, this is definitely a game you can enjoy alongside SV. This game is more ""village life simulator"" than farm simulator, really, so know what you're getting into with that before buying. That said, if, having seen that, you're still interested, you should still get more than $10-worth of enjoyment out of this game."
,Recommended,432010,21008609,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Astra,"Beautifully charming game in the style of classic Harvest Moon. The writing is much better, I think, and the amount of content from a single man development is amazing.Recently the game was updated with double the farmland, and an improved watering can to make watering these new plots easier. The dev engages fans, listens to suggestions and implements some of the most requested.World's Dawn is worth every penny."
,Recommended,432010,20842241,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jasticus,"As many others have mentioned, if you've ever played a Harvest Moon, then you'll be right at home with World's Dawn. There is very little, if any hand-holding... you're dropped into the environment with a couple pointers and a relatively simple 'Find and Talk to Everyone' quest, then you're off exploring. The first couple days may be spent just figuring things out through trial and error, especially if you aren't familiar with games like Harvest Moon, or the standard RPGMaker keybindings (which you can change, but if you already are familiar with them it makes sense to leave them be).Once you know what you're doing, the farming aspects are extremely straightforward with no deviation. Most of your time will be spent running around finding people to talk to, or preparing for whatever the next upcoming social event is. Like most games with dialogue, eventually you're going to exhaust the conversation options and there is going to be some repeating until you do something noteworthy, or there is a festival, or you've grinded out the next friendship level.Making money in the game is easy, the hardest thing, interestingly, is the social ladder grind - trying to become friends with everyone. There is much more focus on the social than on the farming / mining / fishing / ranching... so if that's your cup of tea, check it out. All the other activities are there, of course, they are just relatively simple when compared to making friends.All in all, it is a good game, and I consider the purchase money well spent. I woulnd't go so far as to say I'm totally engrossed with it, but it's definitely keeping me entertained.Instead of ""just one more turn..."", with this game it's ""just one more day...""."
,Recommended,432010,33511701,Posted: 13 July,all,Ceaseless Duality,"World's Dawn is a simpler, more casual game than Stardew Valley. I don't know (or care) about which came out first, because both games were inspired by games like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing. I liked both this game and Stardew Valley, so, I'll be comparing the two a bit.Pros:- Anime-style character art- Much less tedious than Stardew Valley regarding mining, fishing, and farming- Funny secrets to unveal (the ashen fox and the rose rabbit, for example)- The LockBall mini-game was fun- Making people like you is a lot easier (than SDV), since you can gift people stuff more than once in a day- The story's lore was cute and interesting- Festivals and events were entertaining and creative- Part-time jobs were helpful in raising money in the beginning of the game- No combat/dungeon crawlingCons:- Some glitches- Dialogue failed to change after the first year of the game (for example, the character I married acted like she didn't even know me during the first festival of the second year)- The characters are shallow compared to those in SDV -- no dysfunction, no dark past, no struggle, etc- A lot less dialogue choices than SDVI really enjoyed this game despite its criticisms. For a RPG Maker game, it's quite impressive. A lot of work and detail went into it. I recommend it for those who liked Stardew Valley and especially to those who felt Stardew Valley was too tedious."
,Not Recommended,432010,28408874,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,sirfalstaff44,"This game's biggest flaw is its engine.Now, I'll admit that it's pretty impressive how the designer has stretched and twisted the RPGMaker engine to do things it was never meant to do, but at the end of the day it remains a poor fit for the genre - in the same way that it's impressive if you manage to nail a board to a wall with a wrench, but ultimately you would have done a better job if you'd just gone out and bought a hammer.For example, you expect a grind with this genre of game, but the grind becomes near-unbearable when you have to run through RPG-like menus to do the simplest of tasks like giving gifts or planting seeds.  The whole experience just becomes tedious.  Likewise, you're given some home customization options, but because of the engine these are arbitrary and limited - if you get a lamp and a potted plant, you have to choose which one you want in your home, and they can only be in one spot in particular.The story is a bit saccharine, which is also expected from the genre, but it's a touch overdone here.Maybe it's not very fair to compare this to Stardew Valley, but the comparison is impossible to avoid, and SV is easily the superior game - mostly due to it having a game engine purpose-built for the task.  Get this only if you've already played Stardew Valley and really need another game to scratch the Harvest Moon-clone itch."
76561198067661053,Recommended,432010,29839743,Posted: 10 February,all,CharredWood,"HM-style games are my absolute favorite and I've been playing them for almost 2 decades. Let me start by saying Stardew Valley is the better game, and you should buy that first if you're looking for HM on PC. World's Dawn is also worth your time, though, and offers a unique perspective on farming simulators.Let's be honest, dealing with the townspeople in these games can get old real quick. Villagers may get a new ""saying"" when  your relationship level goes up, but that's the extent of it. You're in Groundhog's Day after that, talking to robot people who are strangely obsessed with one topic of conversation. World's Dawn does a GREAT job of making you feel immersed in a town of real people. Everyone is starkly different and believable. They all have great lines that change with the season, time of day, even how tired you are or whether or not you bring your dog along. When you talk to someone at the end of fall, they'll say something about how the temperature is dropping and it's going to be winter soon. THAT'S dedication by the writers of this game.Socializing is the star of this game. I liked Stardew Valley's... interesting characters, but in reality a lot of them are depressing. The Blacksmith never finds confidence, Pam never cleans up her yard or even becomes happy, the mayor and the ranch lady are forced to keep their relationship secret forever... it's a town full of sad. World's Dawn is way nicer. I really enjoyed going to a town where I knew everyone would have a nice word to say or a cheery outlook. World's Dawn is a thousand times more pleasant and bright than Stardew Valley.Making friends and finding a mate is simple enough if you make your rounds every day, which you'll have plenty of time to do since there's almost no farming in this game. Seriously, you only get 40 static plots and 13 crops to plant, and up to 5 each of cows and chickens. It takes about an hour in the morning to ""tend"" your farm and then it's off to hang out with the villagers and play various mini games including mining, fishing, ingredient hunting, etc. If you like maximizing profit and ""breaking"" games, this isn't the one for you. Earning money and churning out crops just aren't the goals of this game.World's Dawn is a relaxing, slow-paced simulator that's reminiscent of HM without being derivative. The art is also very good- even my boyfriend commented that the graphics on this game were the best of my ""little farm games"". Fans of the genre will probably enjoy World's Dawn because it shines a light on one of the most neglected aspects of other games, but don't go in expecting to build a plantation empire."
76561198041574834,Recommended,432010,20756186,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Paradox,"A fantastic edition to the farm/date/life sim genre(s).The first thing someone who is familiar with the farm/life/date sim genre(s) is going to do is compare this with the Harvest Moon series and that is fine, we don't really have much to compare with when it comes to this genre and while Harvest Moon has the money support, the media, etc etc, I personally find that World's Dawn far surpasses the HM series due to a great many reasons, but to save you time here is a few obvious ones.+ No Male has to be with Female, Female has to be with Male. It is something that HM fans have wanted forever, but they refuse to give us because blah blah blah *insert stupid personal bias against gays here*.+ World's Dawn has actual good writing. I have played a lot of Harvest Moon games and while I love them dearly, the writing has always been a bit..eh.. The characters often ended up flat and boring or you could completely disect them within the first few minutes of playing. I don't really feel that way about the characters in World's Dawn, I enjoy stopping and talking to some characters and they have so much more to say still.Though with any game it has flaws, though my flaw choices are more nitpicky than anything else and don't effect gameplay in any real negative way.- I do agree with another reviewer here that the sound effect for losing energy is going to drive me absolutely insane real fast when it comes to running.- The field is a bit smaller than what I'd like, but so you all know there is a ""secret field"" somewhere in the game that gives you more space, not sure how much as I don't think anyone has found it yet.Well, thats all I'm really going to post, I already have enough text for people to scim through.TL;DRCompletely recommend, amazing game, worth the price. Beats out Harvest Moon by a landslide in the aspects that are truly important to the genre."
76561198013723081,Recommended,432010,25505426,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"A harvest moon exact clone.Originally i bought this game on a sale because i did not have enoough money to buy Stardew Valley.This is, in fact, a harvest moon clone. They did not change anything at all..it has everything a harvest moon has, marriage, plantign veggies, forest spirits, and hidden areas..I do recommend this game if you did like harvest moon style games. I strongly also recommend this game:http://store.steampowered.com/app/413150"
76561198025251035,Recommended,432010,31125197,Posted: 13 April,all,Amariel,"Note: The following is all my opinion. I know nothing about the finer details of games and am just your average gamer.I found this game when I was looking for something similar to Stardew Valley. I went to youtube to see if I could find some Let's Plays of it to get a feel for it. Watching a few I decided to give the game a try. Here is a list of pros and cons for the game.Pros:-The story is really nice. It's not just a farming simulator but has a real story behind it. It's not as in-depth as something like a Final Fantasy game, but it's still really nice.-The characters. They are pretty neat, have some story to them (though not a ton), and are just pretty likeable. So far I don't think there are any annoying characters in this game.-The art style. This isn't next gen or anything, but it's enjoyable. Some of it is rather anime in style, but I like it. It's not as bad as some I've seen.Cons:-The sound. This game doesn't have a built-in volume control. I had to go into my system sound and turn down the sound for the game alone. Also the sound effects are MUCH louder than the music. It should either be the other way around or at least equal. Separate volume controls for the music and the sound effects would be greatly appreciated.-The controls. I'm used to using WASD to move, not the arrow keys. I get that this is how some games are, but I would love the ability to change it so I can use what I am used to.-Farming space. I know the developer added more space in a previous update, but it would be nice to have even more than now. Or the ability to add more somehow. Unless you never sell anything, it's hard to build up enough items for making recipes to give as gifts.-Some Foraging items. There are some items that either respawn too slowly or only have one or two period. For some recipes that take a lot of one item it makes it hard to make a lot of the recipe for gifting. Unless this is on purpose to make it less easy to make friends.-NPC schedules. This is more of a minor annoyance than a real problem. It can just be difficult to contact some npcs. It took me almost a week game time to finally corner the guy that could upgrade my house. He was never behind the counter when I went there. :PIn short, this is a nice game. It has a few wrinkles that could be ironed out, but don't let that deter you. Though this game has absolutely NO combat in it, it's a nice and cute casual game. The way things are written can give you a serious case of the ""feels."" The music is nice, when you can hear it over the sound effects. I don't know yet about replayability or long-term play, but I plan to make a save file for each bachelor (if possible) so we shall see. :)"
,Recommended,432010,20790560,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Aster,"Though I'm not done my first season yet, I wanted to jot down some general first impressions. Overall I'm enjoying the game, though I have some gripes that I'll be focusing on.Firstly, with a cast so large, it is difficult to keep track of all the characters. Moreso, their names. You're given a quest to meet and greet, and from there are given a primer booklet on all the Villagers, their likes and dislikes, and their Affection level. But even after that, remembering names is a bit difficult. Having a name tag alongside the text boxes would go a long way to ensuring players quickly begin to associate the names with the characters.Secondly, the control bindings have NO context. I'm playing with an X-Box 360 Controller, and while it's working just fine, rebinding keys without knowing what each button does is a hassle. A more robust controls menu is a neccessity in my eyes.Thirdly, I'm playing full screen on a 1920x1080 monitor, and while it upscales alright, I'm noticing what I think is so minor stretching. It may just be me, but I thought it was an important note. Another small note is, with as great as the character portraits are, I wish they weren't so pixelated at my resolution. Again, they seem to upscale decently, but I wish they looked cleaner.Lastly, I just wanted to address a couple core issues I have with the game.- The amount of farmland you start will become a bit restrictive. I know some people have probably harped on this already, but I feel it needs to be said that there should be more. I'm inheriting this legendary farmer's land, and this is all the space he's got to plant? Even if I can't use it all at first, I feel there should be more to it.- The marriage options are a bit weak. Three girls to choose from is a bit shallow a pool, by this genre's standards, and there are a few women that I was surprised to find weren't available. Some of this comes to preference; many of the older women I find more attractive than the choices we currently have. Still, I'd prefer more options. If I had to be specific, the Nurse, Postwoman, and Artist were three women I was shock weren't courtable.- There's a complete lack of tension throughout interactions. Most characters are more than happy and friendly to interact with, and though some characters claim others to be gruff, they're really not. Beyond that, character scenes so far don't really introduce anything but fluff. I get that the game wants to be very ""feel-good"", but it feels a bit flat that all characters seem to respond to you and others with a general cheerfulness or friendliness.- Though for the moment there seems to be a greater plot line, without more sidequest-esque content, I'm worried about having things to do to keep invested in the game. If the sole objective is bonding with everyone to their max level, I'm not interested in doing that solely through a constant barrage of gifts. Or at the very least, without some objectives to do between.Now despite my criticisms, I'm enjoying milling around the game, taking part in festivals and soaking in all that the game has to offer initially. How long that will last, I can't say. For the current asking price, I'm not sure that, say, 5-10 hours of milling around this pretty, fluffy world is worth it. But if the game finds ways to continue to engage me, I'd be more inclined to call the game worth the price to play."
76561198104539800,Recommended,432010,20759277,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Big Bad Badgermole,"Can't really say this is an in depth review seeing as how I just have about an hour into the game, but I will say this.  First impressions of the game so far are really good and I'm really looking forward to playing more.  I'm also really happy to see a game like this come out on steam.   I used to play the heck out of Harvestmoon on the 64 and then HM Back to Nature on the PS1 so I really enjoy games like this where you can just sit back and play.My only gripe so far is there is no real controller support, and I would really like to see them get that into the game.  Official 360 controller doesn't respond and there doesn't seem to be an option to change your directional controls in the options.  Also, there are only 3 marriage candidates of the opposite gender, which is by no means a deal breaker...just wish there was more variety so to speak. :)Long story short, congrats to devs of the game and I wish them the best and ask them to keep up the good work!!  I would definitely recommend this game if you're a fan of the ""Harvest Moon"" genre.  World's Dawn seems like a really good game, and there's a HUGE amount of potential here!!"
76561198112820423,Recommended,432010,21262858,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,reinventedsky,"World's Dawn is a faithful homage to the wonderful Harvest Moon series, with its own SNES-esque charm. Crafted with a lot of care, the meticulous level of detail in both the farming simulation and creating an immersive environment, World's Dawn is one of the better titles in the genre."
76561198033628735,Recommended,432010,20775462,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,-Q-,"So I feel with the amount of time played so far I can write up a few lines of my impression on the title. Before I state such this is coming from someone who has not played a ton of harvest moon games, but has always found them very fun ideas and enjoyed the time I did play them. So far I am very very pleased with World's Dawn, I have found there are many things the game seems to do well, with a very small list of things that are a tad annoying,but far from game breaking.The good things are the attention to detail throughtout the game, from the music in certain areas, or when it rains, or thunderstorm, theres a wonderful soundtrack thats joined together. The added little things like birds flying around, or little animals in the forest areas running about, really gives the game a wonderful feeling as you play.Now I will say the Harvest Moon elements don't seem to shine as bright as some of he reviews I have seen, there are certainly elements here. You can farm, have you own animals, but I can't help but feel its simply an aspect of the game and not the core element. Im fine with this, but I think it should be noted so that some HM vets don't come in thinking it'll be the same thing they are used to, it wont be; I think I can safely say, but the feel is there. I can't help but feel along with this HM basics intergrated in that I also get a feel of certain Animal Crossing elements as well, which I'd say is a good thing. A lot of early focus is on meeting people in game, visiting the shops, seeing who's open and who is closed on what days. The game makes you take some time to get use to where you'll be running to and from on a day to day basis. I found this to be a good thing since doing pretty much anything is all at your own pace. I have yet to feel I had to do something or be somewhere, I just kind of pick what I want to spend the day doing, and I do it.One of the things a lot of people are talking about is the EN bar(your stamina bar) which is used by sprinting, mining, watering plants, pretty much anything that doesnt involve simply walking. At the time being it is used very quickly, almost too quickly. This is an issue the dev is aware of and has noted will potentially be adjusting soon, so while it willl be something youd notice quickly as a potential problem, be mindful its something being looked at and hopefully improved soon enough.***(EDIT- This has already been updated with a small patch, the constant sound effect while sprinting has been removed, and the amount of EN used while sprinting has been cut in half. Two issues already addressed and fixed!)***So bottom line, I def do recommend this game, I have really been enjoying it a lot. Its a simply, calming, relaxing game to play if thats what your looking for. I know I was and have been absolutley pleased with the purchase. An absolute steal for the price."
76561198071364432,Recommended,432010,23900773,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nora Valkryie,"After nearly getting all of the achievements, I think now would be a good time to really write down my initial thoughts about the game. If you like Harvest Moon, especially the ones on the GameBoy/DS, then I personally think you'll really like this game. However, a big issue I have is pacing. Theoretically, you could finish the main story in one in game year, (which is about a day, in real time.) I guess that you could say that the point of the story is too finish in one year. However, I feel like if you're going to make a Harvest Moon, you need to make the story last a bit longer. It's not just my issues with the story, it's the fact that plants seem to grow pretty fast too, and they don't grow back. I get really burnt out on replanting them all the time. That might just be a personal thing though? I'm not sure.Again, if you like Harvest Moon, go for it! Besides my pacing issue, I love the game to pieces and hope that others enjoy it too!"
76561198057266957,Recommended,432010,20785058,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Superdreuzel,"Fun gameplay, charming soundtrack and hours upon hours of entertainment. Well worth the money,"
76561198052489579,Recommended,432010,20834698,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,sinelanguage,"For better or for worse, World's Dawn is a streamlined Harvest Moon- it doesn't seek to improve old Harvest Moon features, just iterate on them. This isn't inherently bad, but it does make liking the game hinge on how much someone enjoys Harvest Moon features and the quirks that come with them.The dialog feels like a Harvest Moon game- a bit less repetitive, sure, but it still has the same RPG telling-in-dialog feeling. Two specific interactions immediately come to mind. One of the more frequent ones is a character frequently reiterating their relationship to another one in a way that feels forced and unnatural, like a mother constantly referring to ""Bloom, my son,"" even though the relationship was already introduced. Another is the one-off one-liners about a character's past, like the mailwoman commenting she was orphaned. It's a quirk of Harvest Moon writing systems that carries over here, and while it's endearing due to nostalgia, it isn't exactly good.The characters themselves are endearing if a bit shallow, where their main development is through small dialogs between two different characters, or festival romance events. The romance events do feel very natural, especially compared to most of the game, but aren't very frequent. Characterization for potential spouses is limited due to that, without the standard Harvest Moon heart event fanfare.Farming is similarly streamlined, with a limited amount of progression available. There's a balance to place between making farming unmanageable or making it too simple, and the game leans heavily toward the latter. You can increased your crop field through a rather lengthy and unintuitive process, but by the time you can unlock that you may not need the extra money. Because farming is so streamlined, progression can feel non-existent. Unfortunately, this is compounded with how easy it is to buy out the store's products by the end of the first year. Raising animals fairs better. You're caped at two cows and four chickens, but since animals are costly and take longer to start producing products, this doesn't suffer from the same feeling of non-progression.The aspects World's Dawn improves upon the standard Harvest Moon formula are the forging system, the cooking system, and house and character customization. Forging has two main aspects; finding wild produce on the ground, and collecting ingredients in a bottle. The ingredients is new and it works well, especially combined with the much better cooking system. Cooking is split into mixing and dishes. Mixing requires the bottle ingredients, and you have to remember the recipes for those. These mixes only take two ingredients, so experimenting and remembering isn't taxing. Cooking takes more ingredients, but you are required to have a recipe for larger dishes. This balances experimenting and recipes well, and makes cooking much less about finding a guide online with all the recipes and more about experimenting a little and collecting recipes throughout town.As stated before, house and character customization is charming and done well, if a bit limited. Though most of the outfits aren't available until after marriage, mixing and matching different clothing items works well and looks nice. Housing fairs similarly, though housing items are available earlier in the game. It's small changes, but they work well. The additional mini-games are also fun, if a bit simple at times, but a nice change of pace.Despite characters having similar or worse development as compared to previous Harvest Moons, the main plot line works much better than Harvest Moon's standard Harvest Goddess fanfare. The progression in the story is paced well, and the unlocks for progression are rewarding.Overall, the game is still enjoyable- to those looking for a Harvest Moon experience. It can feel pretty barebones due to streamlining, though this does benefit the pacing of the game as it's faster and less reliant on artificial time-wasting unlocks. However, I don't think it quite makes up for it in writing, which is on par to some of the better installments in the Harvest Moon series. It's still a solid game that captures Harvest Moon well, but it unfortunatly doesn't do enough to capture Harvest Moon without its problems."
76561198030096639,Recommended,432010,20773011,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,:: Kaelci ::,"I am someone who wanted to play Harvest Moon, but never did. As a result, I can't compare the two games like everyone else is doing. But! This game is absolutely adorable.I spent -all- day in it on release day (and plan to do it again today!) and the only thing I have to complain about is the day speed. No, there is no ""limit"". I just feel that 40 seconds in real life for an ingame hour is a bit fast - I feel like it takes half the day to get to town. (I'm also the type of person that downloaded NRAAS Relativity for The Sims just to slow it down a bit, haha.)++EDIT: Having played through a couple of seasons now, and owning my horse, the ingame time is fine :) ++But all in all:- The music is nice and doesn't get repetitive on the ears.- The writing is pretty well written.- I am really enjoying all the different characters and their personalities.- Male and Female romance options, for both genders.- Farming / Mining / Fishing / Markets / Festivals!- Yes. This is an RPG Maker game. Want to cry about it? There's a corner over there. *points*.- Worth the money? Yes!I tend not to run everywhere, so the sprinting-losing-stamina sound doesn't affect me like others. But apparently it has now been changed in an update! :)"
76561198259308910,Recommended,432010,30529628,Posted: 15 March,all,Umbra Frost,"I bought this game during the winter sale simply out of boredom, I wanted a game I could just kick back and play after a long day. World's Dawn gave me just that, a game I could turn on and just enjoy. Before World's Dawn I was never really a fan of farming simulator type games such as Stardew Valley and Harvest Moon but because of World's Dawn i'm thinking of diving deeper into the farming simulator genre.Pros:Marriage - I think one of my favorite parts of this game is getting to marry someone, I understand Stardew Valley has the same feature but I think I personally prefer the marriage canidates in World's Dawn. From Brynn to Senah, Hunter to Quint the characters have very unique personallities and spending most of the game trying to get those hearts up to finally get to marry that significant other was extremely rewarding.Activites - At first I was confused on what else to do besides farming and talking to villagers, so I looked up a guide on what I could do, I tried fishing but it just wasn't my thing but when I played Lockball I deeply enjoyed it even after maxing out my lockball stats and even after having more than enough money I continue to play it. Mining was alright but I never really found myself needing to do it. (Besides if I needed sapphire to give to Ellie when I ran out of Darling Grapes) and I would prefer mining to be more of a prominant feature, you can go through the entire game without even knowing that you're able to go mining.Festivals - Honestly, I think without the festivals I would have gotten bored of my day to day life. Not all of then were my cup of tea but I espically  enjoyed 2, First was the Lockball Tournament I only barely managed to win the final game 5-4 because of how much of a challenge it was. I wish there was more Lockball games like that in the game cause that was EXTREMELY fun in my opinion. Second was the Canine Carnival racing my dog was allot of fun in my opinon, though the reward was decent at most.Cons:Achievements - This has been a topic on the forums for a while but for some weird reason the achievements just stopped working half way through the game, this is a huge issue for me and many others as one of my favorite parts of playing a game I enjoy is getting every achievement in the game. This is probably the only thing holding me back from doing more playthroughs of the game. Once this bug gets fixed I will most defnitely be doing more playthroughs of the game to attempt to get every achievement.Slow Pacing- While I enjoyed the slower pacing of the game, some people may not be fans of how slow the game's plot seems to progress. I talked about this earlier in my review but how long it takes to get your love one to fall in love with you is such a hassle but the reward is one of the most rewarding things for me, but I understand not everyone is gonna be a fan of this slow pacing which is why i'm including it in my cons.Overall, I really enojyed this game and definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys farming simulator genre games such as Stardew Valley. However if you're turned off as much I am from the fact that achievements are really buggy you might want to wait for the developer to fix the bug. The developer is a one-man-team so that might take some time.I hope this review was helpful!!!"
76561198078323810,Recommended,432010,20940072,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,W-Cactus,"Hello, the one who reads this review!~ And sorry for any mistakes in grammar!First, I admit that I completely love this game and can be really biassed in some aspects. I never before had played any games of this kind, since I don't really like farming or any other management games, but this one called out to me with its relationship building system and a small friendly village with cute art style and very nice atmosphere.I warn you - for me this isn't actually a farming game. You know, it has farming aspect, but this just isn't so important for me personally. I guess, it's okay, even if kinda repetitive.Well, about that. The game is kinda repetitive - you tend to your farm, you go fishing or mining, you talk to villagers and then go to sleep. It could be boring, but it isn't, surprisingly. Weather changes, some new things happen, meeting with your neighbours is actually fun! Maybe, it will get boring after like, four game years. Or maybe it's just me and my undying love for good game characters.I like characters in this game a lot - they all are interesting, different, very friendly people with great dialogues. I love to interact with them, even if just listening to basic ""Thanks for the gift"". And yes, giving a lot of similar gifts to one person each day can be kinda boring, but it's also funny to me. When I imagine my character with hundreds of villagers' favorite drinks, running around village and giving gifts to everyone... It's hilarious. I have a good imagination.)So, yes. It is an interesting little game with gorgeous writing and a little repetitive gameplay, ideal for people like me, who loves to dive deep into story and not to grow tons of things to sell. And I love cats here. They're adorable. And yes, did I mention this beautiful art style and magnificent music?'kay, I said my word and I just want to recommend this game for those who loves stories and characters more than gameplay. Have a nice day!PS: obviously, I played it way more than just five minutes. I just play games offline."
,Not Recommended,432010,24252734,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,peachpidon,"I'd like to reccomand this game but I can't. The problem is clearly the gameplay: this game is slow. Not because of a slow-paced story but there is a slight lag each time you press a button, be it for walking, watering, talking. At first you think it will not last, you change the resolution. Then you try to play anyway, but it's just not possible. And it's a shame because it looks very nice."
76561198025416072,Recommended,432010,20830269,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,rincewind,"True to the spirit of Harvest Moon, this game take you to a little, beautiful and cozy rural village.There you can live your life as you seem fit. You can farm in you little lot, buy and take care of cow and chickens, go to the mines to search for precious gems, go to fish in several ponds or the ocean, gather what nature has to offer, cook and brew discovering recipes in lots of places, explore the cute little village, befriend your new neighbors, participate in festivals and even found true love.There's no time limits so you can take your time and enjoy the simple pleasures of life. Is a very cute and relaxing game, with characters interesting and charming.So, if you like the genre, what are you waiting for? A cozy wonderful life in a beautiful rural village awaits for you!!For those that like things more simple:Pros:- Charming characters.- Tons to things to do.- Nice art.- Involved developer.- It's just fun and relaxing to play.- Your dog can find nice things buried when walking to you.Cons:- The initial farming lot is a bit small, 4x5. You can gain an additional lot later.- You can't romance all the characters. Madison is so cute... I would love to romance her.- Some bugs, but the dev is working hard to fix them.Conclusion: Nice, relaxing, cute and cozy game with tons of things to do and enjoy. A wonderful example of Harvest Moon style games."
76561198243300976,Recommended,432010,20777511,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kotatsu,"This game is so charming and adorable. I love the soundtrack and the character sprites. Dialogue seems to actually have some significance unlike in many HM titles. Definitely worth the price. I can see many hours in this game for me. My only complaint is the navigation of the character is a little slow and I would prefer to have a more detailed map of the town in my inventory, including the placement of buildings and homes and maybe character locations drawn on it. Overall though, these are small things that don't at all ruin my experience. I'm really loving this game!EDIT:I forgot to mention that I absolutely love the option to romance both genders."
,Not Recommended,432010,21203115,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Riolis,"This game is just a huge dissapointment for me.A HM insipired game, where you can only have 10 type of crops, 2 cows and 4 chicken, and can't do anything with stuff you farmed aside from gifting, using in very limited cooking and its very limited recipe or selling it. And cooking is another pain as most of the other ingredient you need to buy and can't get it anywhere either by exploring nor crafting, so Farming AND Livestock are mainly pointless in this game unless you wanted to get achievement or progress the story-line.A HM insipired game where, most of the time you will be spending is in the form of mining. This is where you get the most dosh, by spending time clicking Spacebar/Z non stop on rocks in this two tiered RNG nightmare. (Once when you hit the boulder and once when refinening the rocks) In this game its mining where your main income comes from, and farming/livestock is your sub income. Though neither mining nor farming is any fun to play with.There is no depth in the gameplay, no leveling up your crops or cows/chicken, or your mining skill/chances, no fruit tree planting, no fish breeding, no bees+honey, no mushroom farming, no nothing nada. Just a very boring click fest, and an inventory that are unintuitive to use. Just a mindless boring grind with no essense to it.Furthermore you can't even expand your barnyard or farm lot. sigh. If there is, the game sure didn't even try to tell me about it. But I guess it's probably best not to expand anyways, as the proccess of farming or caring for livestock is a HUGE PAIN, as you can't put stuff that you used the most in the quickslot, and have to use the super annoying inventory every time to grab somehting out to feed your dog/car/cow/chicken.Another gripe I have with this game is character moves way too slowly, and running will use up your energy. The map is pointlessly bigger then it should be with nothing much interesting in between and it will take forever for you to walk from one end to another to find the NPC you want to find (which brings me to another problem, no minimap and locations of NPC), But you can get a horse you say? Sure, but you can't talk while your char is transform as a horse, you need to untransform to human, and later transform back to horse, which force you to sit there for few second every single time watching the bloody annoying fade in fade out transition. Imagine doing this a number of time while you are on your way to the town and meet up with a few NPC along the way.The story is also very plain, and pretty much boring. The romantic interest that are presented to you also have very boring lines and very uninteresting as a character. Charming characters? Sure, there are a few, but your romatic interest are very generic and ""ughh"". For example, Hailey only have 1 event in the whole game, and it doesn't even shows her personality, just a very boring dialog/talk with her father. No personality at all. The story is probably better then most of the olden HM games, but unfortunately this game falls on it @sses when compared to the newer iteration of HM like HM new beginnings. Futhermore after marriage, there is nothing new your bride can provide you except for a small amount of dosh. I would rather they have more story after marriage and make all the running around to talk to her and collecting mushroom and gifting it to her worthwhile. But unfortunately it's not. Very dissapointing.Fishing is horrible. :/Lockball is even more horrible :/The control is a nightmare, sure. Even then the difficulty ramp is just out of whack. Every character you played with is very easy even with the horrid control, but then when the tournament came, and you fight with Paxel, the difficulty curve just went through the roof as you will bang your keyboard non stop and flipping any table you can find in your field of view.In summary, this game tries to do what HM do well, but falls flat in every way possible.But two thumbs up for the character drawings. Props to the artist (Ivyree Rosario)The game as a whole is meh."
,Recommended,432010,34471312,Posted: 24 August,all,Golden Sun Josh,I have yet to get too much into Stardew Valley but have done one playthrough of this game. I find the graphical style was a lot more appealing to me personally and all the bachelors (...and the ladies too. lol.) were very adorable. Its very nice to have the option pursue both genders as this was not typically offered for Harvest Moons.Its very clear this game has love from the author(s) as when I played it I knew many people had interest in the non-romancable character Quint and he was added a few months ago aside senah. Its a shame that this game gets shade against stardew valley as this game definetely has its merits.
,Recommended,432010,21354484,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,YRYR♪♪ | Funami♥,"This game is really good.the writing is pretty good as well, not often do I play an RPG where the dialogue is fun to read"
,Recommended,432010,20778510,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TheAverageRj,"This game is exactly like Harvest Moon. You start off as a farmer buying seeds for your farm as well as livestock! The only issue I have with this game is the sound it makes when you lose energy. It is so annoying and I wouldn't mind it if it was when you had like 25% left but when it is constant, it gets a little tiring and you just spend your time walking. Overall a fun and nostalgic game and I can't wait what it has in store for the future (:"
76561198162448604,Recommended,432010,26141324,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kitsune_Yoru,"This is a beautiful game. It's simple, but has so much story. Yes, there's farming and barn animals and romantic interests, but that's not all there is to it. It has a wonderful storyline as well, making this a simple and fantastic game to play."
76561198207358660,Recommended,432010,25834148,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sädos,"If you're in it to get rich quick and do nothing but farm crops, this is probably not the game for you. If you like having the time to go and talk to villagers, figure out the secret of the Feral Shades, mine, fish, forage and socialise without worrying that you need to spend 80% of your day planting and watering your crops, then this is the game for you. The controls are a little clunky, but it doesn't make it any less playable. Plus it hits the right balance between not explaining everything and letting your figure out things on your own.All in all, 9/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,432010,33169171,Posted: 2 July,all,Cerberus,"Great game. Love it.I didn't thought of much at first initially, thinking, ""Hmm, I'm just looking for a game like Harvest Moon, but something different for a similar, and yet, new experience..."" and I got what I wanted, perhaps more.It's a sweet little game with a nice soothing soundtrack (and I don't usually give praise to music in games unless I find it to be good).It's fun, may be repetitive at times, but that's just life as it is.And please don't compare games, like people, every game like these have it's own special soul, like how each of us is different inside. We may look the same, but we all have different stories to tell.So please enjoy it. Appreciate what sentiments the authors are trying to express. I have played alot of different games like these, and I can say that I enjoy them all, because each have their very own special stories. And you can be in it, creating your own as well."
76561198078645233,Recommended,432010,25431015,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Delmona,"I originally picked this game up after spending hundreds of hours playing Stardew Valley.  I'm sure there are more out there like me so I'll say this, if you are buying this game to scratch the itch, take a moment to consider what you like about Stardew. If you're like me and love socializing and getting to know the town, you will LOVE this game.  This game encourages you to make friends, it encourages you to get to know the little details about everyone in town and it does it WELL.  There were so many social interactions that were done so much better and things that I wished I'd gotten out of playing Stardew.  Particularly with the marriage aspect.  I haven't delved much into the married life itself yet, in fact, I literally just got married in game, but everything from the proposal to the towns reaction to the wedding itself is absolutely wonderful.  I was on an absolute cute overload.  10/10 absolutely perfect and that's an aspect I'll see myself replaying the game to see again.However, this game does have downsides.  Farming takes a backseat.  I mentioned before if what you like about Stardew was the socializing, then you will love this.  If you prefer making tons of cash, min/maxing, designing your farm, and disregarding relationships, you might still be able to enjoy this game, but you need to keep in mind that that isn't the focus of this game where having 8000 coins is considered rich.That said, I loved playing through this game, and I will likely replay it a few more times before I've had enough.  Absolutely wonderful."
76561198120270527,Recommended,432010,31894673,Posted: 21 May,all,AMPlified,"By far one of the cutest games i've played. Been following since development when only one season was released at a time, and for the price it's totally worth it. It's a glorified harvest moon-type of game and it's great that it's finally complete ^.^"
,Recommended,432010,20852594,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,medic4life,"I am a huge fan of the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory series and I have found great enjoyment from this game. The marriage candidates each have their own background story and all of the festivals in the game have some tie to the main story line in someway shape or form. The controls are easy to learn and it is not difficult to earn money, raise crops, or live stock. Overall, great game!"
76561198268227942,Recommended,432010,20886477,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Manga Hunter,"I really like this game, but some of my achievements are not showing up in the game.ex: Under your nose achievement is something I completed in the autumn and it is not showing.Besides the achievements, I am enjoying the game."
76561198261785928,Recommended,432010,34723936,Posted: 3 September,all,lalidapop,"This game did for me what Stardew Valley was unable to: with fairly straightforward controls, beautiful charactor portraits, and an easy, calming soundtrack, it created the feel and rhythm of Harvest Moon for my PC. I thoght the tutorial for cooking was cleverly done, and I look forward to exploring more of the town. I really appreciate the hinting and comments on how the town has essentially been depreciating--and I look forward to bringing back the lost residents."
76561198258574709,Recommended,432010,22046083,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ILoveLlamz,"Pros:Similar to Harvest MoonAmazing GraphicsBeautiful Backstories for some charactersGood storyCute and Funny dialougeInteresting FestivalsIf you like the Harvest Moon games, you will enjoy this.Cons:Short; I am getting married, have at least 3 ribbons with all villagers, have seen 8 of the 10 charm faries, purchased most items in game, have a cat, have spoken to 4 of the magical beings that tell you how to restore the town's magic, all by Winter 3 Year 1.Somewhat confusing gameplay; Trial and error is the only way to figure certain things outControls will get somewhat buggy after playing for over 2 hours.Animals do not produce anything for at least 1 weekMost of these things could also be considered positives, but overall for me I'm not a fan of it.In short, this is an amazing game and I recomend it, but it could learn things from Harvest Moon, and Harvest Moon could learn things from it. On its own this game is beautiful, cute, and incredibly sweet and I am loving every second of it."
76561198282344527,Recommended,432010,28149705,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,musical74,"This is something akin to Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley...with a different focus entirely.HM/SV has a *everything is secondary to farming* whereas World's Dawn the focus is far more about relationships and friendship, with farming almost as an afterthought. There's mining and fishing as well, and the beginning of the game is 40 plants total that you can farm. Once you get the upgraded watering can (which you can upgrade twice) the farming aspect takes maybe an hour, two tops. The rest is spent mining, fishing, playing Lockball if someone is in the arena, and developing friendships. Lockball is a fun way to get a little extra money once you figure it out. There are 6 challengers, 3 *serious* challengers, two *I'm doing it because it's fun* challengers, and one *I'm the guy you can beat even if you are lousy at it* challenger. You can peek at letters to other characters if your relationship is high enough, and they range from silly/fun, to apologetic, to *wow...* (seriously, Benjamin's letter to abbot Seth really opens your eyes as to why Ben is so gruff and a grump...have a tissue handy). The characters are all different and a lot of fun to interact with.Negatives about this game, the occasional *voice* that shows up when talking, it seems out of place that someone laughs or says *Hiya* while the person says their bit. Paxel is WAY overpowered when you meet him in the Lockball tournament. That is, you are going to need an extraordinary amount of luck to beat him. Even if you wipe the floor with the regular challengers, Paxel very well might wipe the floor with you...It's a fun game, and definitely worth getting!"
76561198117938960,Recommended,432010,20959366,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,The Mad Animator,"I could go on about how this is compared to Harvest Moon. I could go on about how good the environment looks with animals walking around. I could even go on about how likeable the townsfolk are and the charm that each and every one of them bring. I'm not going to, though, because I'd like to give a hand to the developer himself, Wayward Prophet.Let's face it, this was a buggy game at launch day. People were being lovingly reminded of their stamina every five steps and their dogs yielded an infinite amount of coins by telling the player the sweet spot whilst digging. And to top it off, one of the main marriage candidates was associated with bugs and game crashes. Not anymore, though.Wayward has to be one of the most attentive developers I have ever had the pleasure of playing a game for, and their response to community feedback and suggestions is downright stellar. Even small things like names showing up above people's heads have made for a nice touch to allow new players to learn their neighbors.World's Dawn is one of the best farming/life sims since the Harvest Moon days not just for its simplicity and grace, but also for the amazing producers behind it."
,Recommended,432010,21507718,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SpartFarkles,"After playing this game for a couple hours over the course of a few days, I can safely say that this is a fun game. I've been a long time fan of the Harvest Moon series and have longed for a HM game for PC. Not only does this game satisfy that want, it exceeded my expectations for it. This game has charm and whimsy, making it a wonderful game to spend a few hours playing at the end of a long game. The controls can take a moment to get used to, but they're pretty intuitive for someone familiar with HM games. But perhaps my favorite thing in the game is the fact that it asks you at the very beginning of the game whether you'd like to romance men, women, or both- regardless of the player character.This game is a lot of fun, and I am very much looking forward to mining, fishing, raising animals, and farming my way through this game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of HM."
76561198152940002,Recommended,432010,20840517,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Daedalus89,"I've been waiting for a game similar to Harvest Moon for quite awhile. This is that game.Admittedly, I'm not too familiar with RPG Maker, but I do know that World's Dawn has captured the right spirit with its cheerful atmosphere and interesting art style. The game feels every bit as engaging as Harvest Moon, along with some extras.Though I will say that the inventory system feels a little clunky and it would be nice to have more space to put plants, but so far, those are my only issues.10/10, would try to buy the local waitress a beer again."
,Recommended,432010,20775945,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Uncle Death,"I've played just about every Harvest Moon/Farm Story/Story of Seasons game there is besides Innocent Life, so I feel comfortable saying that World's Dawn does a fantastic job reminding me what I loved about the older games in the series. That's not to say that there aren't problems, but that's the nature of the beast, isn't it?First of all, you can choose from a male or female farmer, then choose whether you want to narrow your potential love interests down to Men, Women, or Both right on the character creation screen. There could be more options for hair styles and such, like hair color, but what is given in the creator is acceptable and looks very much like a Harvest Moon protagonist.One problem with the game is the Energy Bar, which will deplete extremely quickly if you try and sprint everywhere. The bar also depletes when you do some activities such as digging or planting and watering crops. It's fairly easy to manage, though, and you can refill the bar to full once a day by bathing in the hotspring, or you can just take in some food and drink at any table to restore your energy. Another issue is a small amount of lag on certain maps that not everyone is experiencing, so that's something to account for, by no means game breaking of course.The villagers are all very well written and the portraits are quite nice, I find myself wandering around the town after tending to my crops just to see what everyone has to say. Which, to be honest, is half of the point to this kind of game, it's a life simulation. The rest of the story follows the tradition of Harvest Moon games, involving spirits of the land and it being up to you to save your new home, all good and very interesting stuff.All in all, I can safely recommend this game to anyone who genuinely enjoys Harvest Moon, the older games in particular. However, I'd recommend that someone with no experience with the franchise maybe do some more in-depth research before making a purchase."
,Recommended,432010,20768452,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Aurablade,"Very similar to Harvest Moon: (More) Friends of Mineral Town, which is a good thing because we need more games like them. World's Dawn feels more like a classic Harvest Moon experience and doesn't feel as bloated as some of the more modern games have become."
76561198027677977,Recommended,432010,20769669,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Andrew,"World's Dawn, as something of a spiritual successor for the Harvest Moon series, is one of those rare gems in modern gaming.  You might call this game something like a ""slice of life"" farming simulator, the driving point to which is the need to run a successful farm, make friends, get married, and save a village.  It's a downtime game, a pleasant break between the stressors of everyday life and the whirlwind of high-skill, high-tension games.  This isn't a game you are going to play on the edge of your seat.  This is a game you will kick up your feet to, and sigh contentedly as you ease into comfort."
76561198061544814,Recommended,432010,25134352,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,krystalkairi,"This game gave me a really pleasant nostalgic, old Harvest Moon type feeling. The world itself is cute, the music is sweet, and there's a nice small town community vibe to the whole game. There are loads of new festival ideas, and most of the contest-type festivals are challenging without being hard (with perhaps a few minor, easy, exceptions). I really like the romance system (especially with the option to choose what gender(s) you want to romance), and the friendships you can form are in-depth and interesting.Like most similar games there's no clear path of what to do, but it peppers in enough hints here and there that most of the game's secrets are just within your reach. There are a few minor graphical blips (ex: characters standing on benches, there's no sprite for riding your horse around so you just become your horse to cruise the town) but nothing that causes a real issue to the game.I got to nearly the end of the first year before I felt things start to slow down - easily 30 hours into the game, which for the price I can't complain about. I've got a few things left I want to do, but I'm afraid my journey may be almost at it's end for now. Lovely game, I highly recommend it!"
76561198095256514,Recommended,432010,20795778,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mistress_Flame,I found this game to be quite enjoyable to play. Very reminisint to the Harvest Moon series. So far I found this fun to play!Only things that I believe need to be included are listed below.+ Customisation of character features (just needs more choices would be nice)+ more marriage candidates (I would love them to have/adopt kids as well but its not necessary to the game)+ a proper tutorial (especially for newcomers who have never experianced this type of game)+ the ability to purchase more land or upgrade+ full controller support (i'm quite happy using a keyboard for now but it would be helpful for those who don't).Over all a very gud game from what I've played so far. I look forward to future development of the game!
76561198097576562,Not Recommended,432010,30958521,Posted: 5 April,all,JFearth,"I suggest playing Stardew Valley before getting World's Dawn, as the former outdoes the latter in well, most aspects. Yeah, I'm comparing it to Stardew Valley, but I find the comparisons valid when they're both on Steam and have a similar enough premise.I bought World's Dawn for the story and socialization and found that they didn't live up to the hype that they recieve. The socialization is alright, but not exceptional even though that's supposed to be the main selling point of the game. I find that while it (WD's socialization) does do some stuff better than what Stardew Valley does, it's not enough to make up for what the latter outdoes WD.The strongest part of the social side of WD is that the villagers have day-to-day dialogue that takes into account stuff like if it's stormy, if yesterday was stormy, the current season, how awesome you are at LockBall, etc. They really do have a lot to say. That part is rather solid.The holidays are overall good, and some of them have backstories. A good amount of the holidays have some sort of minigame to play, which is a fun diversion. On a brighter note, I enjoyed New Year's Eve and found it to work out as a very heartwarming end to the year.What I find weak about WD's socialization is that I didn't really feel like I gotten much closer to anybody even though I got several people to three ribbons and got married. The few scenes that offer a personal moment between the farmer and another character only happen during some holidays and getting home after the wedding ceremony.There are some scenes where you can watch a conversation between villagers but I didn't find them very memorable. Stardew Valley's heart conversations work on the same general idea, but execute them significantly better. Heart conversations are like said scenes, but with more variety and the fact that you play a part in the conversation. In World's Dawn, you are strictly an observer and might as well be a gnat in the corner.As for the story aspect, it's alright, but nothing special. There are far too many games to list that have better plots while also having better gameplay. World's Dawn doesn't work well as a story game because the story parts are spaced too far apart.While World's Dawn is an alright, if mechanically shaky game, I only recommend it if you played Stardew Valley extensively enough and want to play another Harvest Moonesque game on your pc."
76561198241511546,Recommended,432010,28905474,Posted: 1 January,all,mobster10121,I definitely feel the nostalgia here presented in a different manner. As of now I've spent a few hours on the game and it seems pretty worth it. It still has that slow paced thing with the harvest moon games but it's still manageable. Also same sex marriage is kind of cute xD if babies were to be implemented in the future I'm how will the baby come out if the couple was of the same sex
76561198361122145,Recommended,432010,33952586,Posted: 1 August,all,KyrieNight,"A game which has it's own unique quirks which make it lovable in a different way to Stardew Valley.I would recommend this game to anyone who liked Stardew but wanted one where you focused more on people and challenges than on the farming aspect; which is still good but there is less to it.It brings a new storyline which is intriguing all on its own without mentioning the characters in World's Dawn who are brilliantly made.Hands down, I'm glad I bought this game."
76561198044832394,Recommended,432010,31117167,Posted: 13 April,all,burntfield,"The two games this seems to be most frequently compared to are Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley.  I've never played either of them.  My typical fare is strategy, 4X titles, and RPGs.Quite simply, it's rather delightful.  It's rather slow-paced, but if you feel like running around everywhere trying to maximise your return on time and energy, well, you won't be punished, but the game is set up in a way that encourages meandering.Perhaps today you're definitely going to do one thing in one place, well, the game is designed that it'll probably bring you past a bunch of people, and that means it's worth the time to go and chat to each of them.  And it'll probably bring you past some foragable goods, which you may as well pick up.  And then you'll notice that a couple of those goodies you just picked up would be appreciated as gifts by some of the people nearby, so... why not?  And one of the items you picked up yesterday would also be appreciated, so let's do that too.  And we can pick up some mixing ingredients while we're here.  And the drinks we mixed last night?  Well, there's someone who just happens to like Spiced Rum in the next building over from where you're going, so, well, it's only a few minutes extra.And so the game encourages you to participate in far more of its systems than just doing one thing ad nauseum.  Except perhaps mining, which is both very profitable, and very disconnected from the rest of the gameplay systems.  In fact, I'd say that generally, mining feels like something bolted onto the rest of the game to make it easier for the player to generate cash.All in all, a very good, sweet, and positive experience.  It encourages you to do stuff rather than trying to obsessively optimise, and (except for mining) does a very good job of encouraging the player to engage in all its systems."
76561198018911009,Recommended,432010,20957707,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,2 SCOOPS,"A quality Harvest Moon-like game that is better than many Harvest Moon games. It has excellent writing, an interesting game world and a relaxing atmosphere. This being a good game is just one aspect, though. The developer has already released two patches since the game was released not even a few weeks ago that have addressed many suggestions that the players have made. The dev is doing a great job and truly cares for the player-base, which makes me really look forward to the future of this game."
,Recommended,432010,25377504,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Wolf,Things I have learnt:Do not underestimate Paxel the old nutter. He's a lockball beast and I broke out in cold sweat playing against him.
76561198086945795,Recommended,432010,34391719,Posted: 21 August,all,Penny,"I love everything about this game except for one major thing.  Paxel in Lockball, unless you have the reflexes of a master its nearly impossible to win against him. if you are like me and like getting achievements but dont have the lighting reflexes that the severely OP Paxel has then your pretty much doomed from the start."
,Recommended,432010,29437880,Posted: 22 January,all,Cobalt_Tea☆,"i've been following worlds dawn for quite some time- since its earlier days on Rpgmaker~i have very fond memories of playing each updated season with excitement,and even just starting the game up after buying it instantly made me nostalgic for sitting in my dads house with my step sister on a rainy day (my most fond memories of this were made there,after all)i'm so impressed and happy with how far this game has come. the art has improved,and the rest of the game is even better then it was back then.my own nostalgia aside,as someone who really enjoys farming sims this is one of my favorites,right up there with stardew valley.The game is cute,interesting and entertaining,and all the characters are very endearing. You can choose what gender/genders you want to peruse in the game as well,which is always a good feature~all in all,i'd highly recommend you give worlds dawn a try if farming games are your cup of tea :)"
76561198225105112,Recommended,432010,20788218,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,StetsonSuave,"Great game! Relaxing, atmospheric... The farming and mining tasks are simple, but the social interactions can be quite complex. There's a lot to figure out--the game drops you little tips once in a while but definitely does not hold your hand.Kudos to the developer--very receptive to feedback and quick to act upon it. The community had an issue with energy draining too quickly while running and the developer has already fixed it.World's Dawn is more of a easy-going life sim than a farm sim, so there is virtually no conflict or antagonist, though the goals and quests do have rewarding outcomes and truly allow you to complete them at your own pace.Even if you've never played a Harvest Moon game, pick this up and give it a shot! Highly recommended."
76561198237015378,Recommended,432010,20862349,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ratatatnat03,"I have to say. I have never wanted to play any Harvest Moon like games. Ever. My fiance loves them, but I could never get into them. This game changed everything. I love pretty much EVERYTHING about it! Of course there could be little things added like a bit more diversity in items and such; but all in all this is one great little RPG. Best part is that it's not little! I have put tooooo much time into haha. This is just a testament to how good it is. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,432010,20784945,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Supernatantem,"As a long-time fan of the Harvest Moon series, I was super interested in this game. I've found that as the years have gone on, Harvest Moon is becoming less and less like the original few games and have evolved (for the worse?) into a new series. But this game right here has brought it back. The devs have managed to do something that the Harvest Moon guys have forgotten how to do.I'm only a short way into the story line and so far I'm loving it. The characters are so diverse, they all have different things to comment on, whether its a festival or the current weather, and they're all so well written! [The character portraits are spot on too!]The music is wonderful too! It fits the game extremely well, and doesn't get annoying. The only issues I have with sound are the energy draining noise, and the noise for climbing stairs because it's quite loud and kinda odd.As I said previously, I’ve not played an awful lot so far, but the game mechanics seem great so far too! The crops system works nicely, although you’re quite limited in space that you’re given.The environment design is really nice too, extremely reminiscent of the old Harvest Moon games. I’m still in the first season myself, but I’m very hyped to see how the town changes throughout the other seasons, and how the festivals work too. And whilst we’re on design, the UI is top-notch. Tells you everything you need to know and still keeps the screen clean.I also love how you can buy different carpets, curtains, bedding, and other such things for your house. Makes it a bit more personal to you. I've no idea how indepth this actually is, but I like it nonetheless.So to sum up my experience so far:Pros:+Music+Characters+Environment+Storytelling+4 Save Slots+CustomisationCons:-Steam achievements aren't working for me (and some other people I believe)-Energy draining noise-Collision on moving characters can be a bit finickyFor an early access game, this is extremely good. Hats off to the devs, they've done an amazing job."
,Recommended,432010,20755043,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Wolke,"If you like Harvest Moon, BUY IT!"
76561198054874529,Not Recommended,432010,22871498,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kpuff,"I like the feel of the game it's nice and chill, but after playing about 22 hours I found my self bored. It's too easy to progress to marriage and seems like raising animals isn't necessary. It's just not challenging enough for someone who has played harvest moon styled games for over 15 years."
,Recommended,432010,32284236,Posted: 8 June,all,soooitsalex,"This is a great game to pass the time for sure. It reminds me of Harvest Moon: DS/DS Cute for the Nintendo DS. There are a few bugs that I found, most annoyingly there would be times when your menu would not open and so you'd be forced to walk back to your house to save your progress. The solution to this was to log out and re-log back into your computer, which fixed the issue for a random amount of time.If you've played Stardew Valley to it's maximum capacity, go ahead and give this a try. I got it on sale for $3, which was well worth the price so I would wait for it to go back on sale if it is not already. The biggest downside to the game is how monotonous and boring it got after marriage (for me, early Fall). Once I reached the point where I was ready to marry, the only thing I had left to do to complete the game was to basically leave my house, sit on a bench for a few hours, and re-enter my house to sleep through the months until you reach the end game. If I wasn't an achievement chaser, I probably would've put this game down around hour 18-20.TL;DR:PROS: Great music, artwork, storyline, NPC depth, marriage system, farming similar to harvest moon, spouse helps you feed animals and gifts you every few daysCONS: Quickly gets boring (I wouldn't play through another in-game year), lack of events/new dialogue post-marriage, caring for your animals and pets is unnecessary (I ended up buying animals solely for the achievement to fill your barn)Overall, great game! Clearly lots of thought was put in from the developer, and no fatal flaws to the overall experience."
76561198093416338,Recommended,432010,25296758,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KittenRenegade,"I've played quite a few hours of this game and I don't think I'll stop playing anytime soon. I got this game in a sale and I would say it's well worth the price I paid. Very similar to Harvest Moon with a bit more focus on being a townsperson. It's a very cute and relaxing game, so if that's something you like, I'd say you'd love this game."
,Recommended,432010,25417655,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Alan Tryth,"First off, we might as well get this out of the way; this isn't as good as Stardew Valley. While the game is fundamentally similar, there are too many little things here that just irk me, which is a shame. This game seems to put much greater emphasis on establishing relationships with townsfolk, and I like that. Unfortunately, it seems to do so at the cost of everything else. You only have two 5x5 farm plots (though I admit, perhaps I simply couldn't find someone in game who could potentially expand the field), which seriously puts a limit on how profitable farming is in game. The alternatives are fishing and mining, both of which are done better on Stardew Valley.That said, I did enjoy my time with this game. While I feel the map is overly cluttered with obtrusive plantlife (I'm reminded of the last time I loaded up my old GC ANimal Crossing village), I did enjoy the characters in this a bit more than Stardew Valley. I also liked the idea of having an overall goal (and no, gramps is coming in a few years to judge me isn't really a goal); the town is failing, and you have to find the spirits to reinvigorate the land. This game also has a fair amount of secrets, and stumbling upon one is always enjoyable.There are even a few things in this game I would like to see in Stardew Valley; the option of resting on benches to recover stamina, the ability to save without having to go to the next in-game day, the whole lockball game, and THE DOG HAVING A PURPOSE. Okay, it's just to help find buried stuff, but hey; it does something. I also found a bug that let me duplicate bottles. That's really not part of my review or anything; I'm just tickled to have found a game bug on my own.Despite it's faults, I do recommend it, especially for people who have already finished Stardew. The developer is still working on updates, which is always a plus in my book, and the game does have a lot of charm. If the developer is for some reason reading this, I have three suggestions; 1. hire someone to clear out the excessive topiary in the village. 2. BIGGER FIELDS! (apologies again if I simply missed the expansion option). 3. Remove the stamina drain caused by running. I thought it was a neat idea at first, but by the end of my playtime, I was heartily sick of it."
,Recommended,432010,32968312,Posted: 28 June,all,Chicorgi,"it's pretty good~i'm a fan of harvest moon, so i always crave for games like them, and i'm happy that i found this game!i really recommend this game to those who just wants to chill"
,Recommended,432010,20761770,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,f r a n k,"Exactly what I've been looking for. I hope the Devs continue to update World's Dawn, because there has been a sincere and strong demand for a game like it. Fans of Harvest Moon are bound to enjoy."
76561197976479066,Recommended,432010,20820945,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Blue Bogle,"This game is absolutely charming and very relaxing. It's like Harvest Moon, but with less of the farming grind and more exploration and socializing. When I say less farming grind, I mean that farming has largely been streamlined, and you can still enjoy the activity without it becoming tedious.First Harvest Moon type game to really grab my interest since the version from the GBA."
76561198055973706,Recommended,432010,20860176,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Azureus,"Pretty good indie, Harvest Moon-type game despite the fairly big limitations of the RPG Maker system i.e. lack of animations, The designer did a fantastic job making each NPC interesting and unique in terms of dialogue and background. The ability to play at your own pace is a great aspect of the game and you never feel rushed to cram as much activity as possible every day like in the Harvest Moon series.A great game for the price but still a few bugs here and there e.g. Player character isn't visible when riding the horse which really breaks immerson."
,Recommended,432010,20960098,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DaiSemper,"I must admit, I wasn't expecting the game to be this good! There is so much to do right from the begining of the game and the game is so calming. This game is great for people who want to just sit bback and chill for a while. The soundtrack is really good too. I would recommend this game to anybody who wants a relaxing game that's worth every penny."
,Recommended,432010,25375077,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Blithedale,"I think that World's Dawn really suffered from being released so soon before Stardew Valley, a much larger and more complex game - which is a shame, because World's Dawn provided exactly the experience I was looking for. It's simple, relaxing, and charming. It made me feel nostalgic, like I was playing one of the Harvest Moon games for the first time as a kid.World's Dawn doesn't include very many items, or very many crops, or very much space in which to do your farming. There's no crafting system. There are only a few potential upgrades for your tools and your farm. But those were positive points for me: I was happy with a game where I could focus on straightforward goals and developing relationships with other characters without getting bogged down by the sheer number of options and features. And I really DO like all of the characters and the ambiance of the world they live in. Some of my very favorite moments of the game involved finding letters that fleshed out the relationships between various townspeople. The sense of affinity and community between the characters is really touching at times.The game isn't stressful (...except for the final match of the LockBall tournament...), but it's not boringly easy, either. Since there's a very limited amount of space for crops--and you probably need to save some of your crops for cooking and presents--you really have to budget your money and time carefully during the first couple of seasons. It DID make me feel like a brand new farmer: just barely scraping by, trying to prioritize the things I needed the most. I didn't even have my own calendar to start! And the town comes with a few extra mysteries and secrets that may not be immediately apparent.Due to the relatively limited scope of the game features, there isn't much reason to play more than 1-2 in-game years, but even a single year amounted to about 40 hours of play time, which I found perfectly satisfactory. A single year still gives you plenty to do between trying to improve your farm, revive the town, building friendships, and perhaps getting married. The developer is apparently working on additional romance routes, too, and I'd be very glad to re-play the game for the sake of exploring other routes.I'd love to have more character customization available (particularly options for skin tones) and for there to be be more cutscenes on the romance paths, but I've thoroughly enjoyed my experience with the game and hope that it gains greater attention."
,Recommended,432010,20828632,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,one trick bishy,"One great thing about this game that needs to be said is that the developer is very open to criticisms and updates fast. I and many others were complaining about how sprinting took so much EN, and one day later he patched it. That made me feel pretty good about this game.You probably notice immediately that it's an RPGMaker game, and that RPGMaker games have a sort of reputation. Well, luckily, this is one of the handful of ""worthwhile games"" made with this engine.If you've ever played a Bokujou Monogatari (Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons) game and thought, ""I wish there was more unique dialogue"" or ""I wish there was more of a story"" then this game is for you. There are ""quests"" for you to complete such as making a hot stew for the old man with a cold, along with a ""trading game"" of sorts where you find someone who can use an old item.The festivals are also much more engaging. You actually *do* something, besides just entering your stuff in a contest, or simply showing up at the right place at the right time.All of these things kept me coming back for more."
,Recommended,432010,20971094,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Brick2010,"I've so far put in 22 hours of gameplay, and have enjoyed every minute of it. It's chill enough to listen to a podcast or watch a show on the side while playing.  While the game is relaxing to play, I definitely feel that there is always something I need to be doing. Whether it's finding people to say hello to, making sure I have enough food for my animals for the upcoming market and weekend, or mining for some extra cash.  Plus I woke up this morning (2/5/2016) and found that they had put in an extra plot of land; so it will be easier to sell some crop and keep some for recipes; which are a big way of becoming friends with the townfolk.   To anyone that is on the fence about buying it, I would recommend it for sure."
76561198250647634,Recommended,432010,33641195,Posted: 18 July,all,Queen Clutz,It's adorable
76561198056152007,Recommended,432010,30343416,Posted: 5 March,all,Number13teen,"More similar to Harvest Moon than Stardew Valley, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Fairly simple game with minimal character customization, 8 marriage candidates, lots more other interesting characters, cute minigames including Lockball, good artwork, good menu and story. It's not a bad game what so ever, maybe just lacking in parts. It's basically a simpler, minimalist Stardew or Harvest Moon. It has it's own charms, interesting story, unique aspects such as part time jobs. If you like farming sims, you'll most likely enjoy this as well."
76561198288838288,Recommended,432010,30026448,Posted: 18 February,all,lkopko25,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone who has played Harvest Moon before. Although this game is more about the social aspect rather than the farming experience. However, I think it adds another level to that Harvest Moon like style game we all love. I think the characters are great and the story behind it is very well done.I love that they made Quint available to marry, the only disappointing thing for me was that there was a clitch for the Twilight Hayride event, I was not able to initiate the event with Quint, he was not standing in the correct spot to start the event. You have to click on your date in order to start the hayride but since Quint wasnt in the correct spot as my date it didnt work. I am sure they will fix that with their next updates though, at least I hope so."
,Recommended,432010,20765213,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Patchwork Wizard,Have played much. Will play much more.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=608951412
,Recommended,432010,20825528,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Sophia Moon,"World's Dawn is a relaxing farming-life style of gaming that makes you wish there was more of its kind around.I say Farming-life because is not just focused on the work of building a farm, but also on what makes a small farming village. Your neighbors become your family, everyone helping each other and fighting together to make Sugar Blossom a good place to live.I've been following this game since there was still only spring available to play and I've seen all the hard work Wayward Prophet put into it. I'm sure World's Dawn will only get better from here."
76561198105213110,Not Recommended,432010,33382049,Posted: 8 July,all,Seppun,"I keep trying to give this game a chance, but the controls and the maps are so poorly executed that I can't get past it. It's a shame, because I've heard great things about the socialization aspects."
,Recommended,432010,20781287,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,CasualWeeb,Don't look the cows in the eyes.
,Recommended,432010,20883157,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FlyingDeath - Drew,"I really did like this game.  Even though I played havest moon, I would love to play one now.  I recomend this game for anyone who likes comedy, love, and farming, If i had to give this game a score (i don't like to) I would say 80/100.I would say pick it up when its a little lower but if you pick it up now you will get your moneys worth (almost 16 hours my first time playing (after a restart because I messed up q.q dam you brynn why don't you love me for the first time))A great game if you are looking for some time to kill (only time of the year i hated was winter q.q soo long and dull)"
76561198295301821,Recommended,432010,32144675,Posted: 2 June,all,Tej,"A really nice and fun farming simulator, it's often compared to stardew valley and some things are similar but the strengh in this game are the characters in the game. this game does an excellent job of simulating the village life element of the Harvest Moon games that serve as its inspiration. The characters are delightful, and it's a treat getting to know them (so to speak). The farming is simplified compared to some comparable games (later Harvest Moons/Story of Seasons, Stardew Valley), but that gives you more time to pursue the social aspects. The graphics are enjoyable, the controls are fairly simple (and you can play without a mouse without any difficulty), and the story is simple, but well-planned. The festivals are enjoyable, and Sugar Blossom Village is a treat to experience.Don't get me wrong, I love both games. But World's Dawn feels more like a traditional Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons (HM pre Natsume losing publishing rights) and Stardew Valley feels like a Rune Factory game. Sometimes you want to fight through dungeons while waiting for your strawberries to ripen, other times you want to relax and learn more about a village of characters and their relationships while trying to decide who to marry."
76561198142143027,Recommended,432010,28983236,Posted: 3 January,all,bunbunderat,"It's a great game, i recommend it to anyone who likes the harvest moon games."
76561198272089727,Recommended,432010,20821174,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ayriel,So far it'd been fun. My only complaint is there are no name next to the characters when they talk.
76561198071190703,Recommended,432010,20828234,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Fae,"This game is really super cute and can be as long or as short as you want to make it. It is entirely possible to clear the story in your first in-game year, or you can delay and take as long as you want to clear the storyline. It isn't perfect--there's hardly any tutorial to speak of, you can get lost pretty easily, and one storyline objective is incredibly obtuse if you don't go around trying to interact with everything--but it's fun and a good way to kill time."
,Recommended,432010,20799935,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,The Mint Pen,"A wonderful game for fans of the Harvest Moon series. World's Dawn is a beautiful game with a very interesting and (so far) likeable cast of characters. As in the HM fashion your character starts out with a farm that hasn't had an owner for a while in a small village, and it's up to you to liven things up again. There are festivals and different random events that happen and while the main plot of the game has yet to reveal all of itself to me, it's safe to say I'm excited to see what will happen.The mechanics are so far a lot simpler that what you may go in expecting. Take farming for example, instead of a huge field that you have to clear out and will possibly never fill with crops and flowers, you have a small twenty plot field for your crops. There is also a simple mining and refining system, fishing took a few tries to get used to but it is also rather fun as well. The most annoying mechanic of the game would probably be how running reduces your precious endurance meter by a lot. Now, that wouldn't be such an issue if walking didn't feel so slow and the map felt so big. Perhaps walking will not but such a chore later in the game once I learn the map and increase said endurance meter.Other than that tiny little critism so far, this game is very enjoyable. I would say the price it very fair for the amount of content and potential playtime you are getting. There are different things that make it stand apart from the Harvest Moon series itself, but it definitely feels like a love letter to the good old days of the farming simualtor series."
76561198244124858,Recommended,432010,20816649,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Liz,"This is such an adorable game but I would really like to see more marriage options!  I personally think that any single character should be an option. (Demetri and Paxel are my favorite and Im slightly dissapointed I cant marry either of them!) I also feel like the map should be more detailed. In the begging I had the worst time trying to figure out in which section a store was in or where this person lives etc. Theres also this weird scratching noise, kind of like someone dragging their feet on a carpet, that I hear sometimes when Im walking. I'm not exactly sure as to what triggers it yet, but its not a pleasant noise so Id really like to see that changed. Aside from these few minor details, the game is overall really great. The art style is really cute and I love the personalities of the characters. I would definately recommend it."
76561198064570338,Recommended,432010,20800261,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mizuru007,"Fun game that takes inspiration from the Harvest Moon series.  Incredibly relaxing, but still very endearing and pleasant to play!  Little to no glitches or bugs upon release, which is surprising, since the team that released the game is small.  Developer has said that they intend to continue building upon the game and adding to it, which is also wonderful.Fantastic game for the genre it is!!"
76561198025215924,Recommended,432010,20817304,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MachinaVox,"World's Dawn is a cute indie cover of Harvest Moon. It's got some great features, like colorful and charming graphics, engaging and likeable characters and a calming soundtrack. Great game for unwinding and grinding (heh).To the developers, fabulous job, but I STRONGLY reccomend a map feature that can be carried by the player as the landscape can get confusing at times since a lot of it looks similar. I spend more time trying to figure out where I am and searching desperately for map signs than anything else. A larger or expandable farm plot would be more rewarding as well. These limitations do remind us that it is an indie game and improving them would give it a more polished feel.Overall, great game for those of us who wanted a less grindey, more engaging Harvest Moon."
76561198195156013,Recommended,432010,20799464,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,~Aemilia~,"DISCLAIMER: I've seen enough of this game to write a review but I'm not exactly great at writing them? this is kind of my first time and I have a hard time expressing things I really like, but I'll do my best at explaining my love for this game!First thing I'd like the mention is the art, the character sprites are absolutely gorgeous and its a huge upgrade compared to the old generated sprites in the demo and it just gives the game more personality and I like more personality. I'm kind of picky with art, especially in video-games. I've played a lot including visual novel games where the art has to be good or I just wont play so you can kind of get how picky I am with it so I was really impressed. I really like the characters too and interacting with a lot of them (especially the bachelors hurhurhur) and the gameplay is great and relaxing. I know some people complained about the field you start with (20 squares) and how small it is but for now it isn't really a problem for me at all and later on you'll unlock another field anyways so your farm definitely does get bigger. My main focus right now is collecting stuff aka hoarding, interacting with the villagers, mining, fishing, part-time jobs (I love the part-time job feature! great way for earning money and building relationship with the whole family) so it definitely isn't a problem for me atm since I just use it for cooking/missions. The festivals are SO fun too! I love that they all have fun mini-games which make them so much more entertaining then the harvest moon festivals. I also really like the whole lockball game feature, I really sucked at first but I quickly got the hang of things and its become really fun and another great way of making some money when I wanna play against someone. I also feel more connected to my dog in this then in harvest moon games. I love how the pup could do errands for you and the villagers comment about our cute lil pup when we take 'em out for walks.Overall the characters aren't bland, art is great, mini-games are fun, very addicting, and it fills that harvest moon void! the only complaint I had was the energy wasting too quickly but its pretty much fixed in the new update~so I'll give this game .. 5 stars now that the whole stamina thing is fixed. (also I need to mention how romantic the story behind the Misty Music festival is! it made me think long and hard about who I wanted to dance with) I hope this review is helpful to the people thinking of buying this game and really makes them consider whether they want it or not. EDIT: added some more stuff I forgot to mention and fixed some errors."
76561198014108919,Recommended,432010,34601550,Posted: 30 August,all,Kev,"Pro:I bought this game right when it came out and I never thought this game would have so few reviews, that's why I am writing this now. So this game came out before Stardew Valley and at that time I super enjoyed this game. I played this like everyday because there was this warmth of playing it, making me feel so relaxed. I longed for a Harvest Moon-like game since I was a child and this game brought my childhood memories back.Cons:I tried to get all the achievements since I really love this game, but some are just super difficult to get, like the Hopper one, or the TV show on wednesday. If you miss one episode you gotta wait for a whole year.Else I really recommend this game."
76561198040725864,Recommended,432010,21355230,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BellusFortis,"If you want something totally polished, this may not be what you're looking for.However, I thoroughly enjoy it. The character portaits and dialogue are well done. The minigames are... not perfect, but present (and I am actually a sucker for minigames). Fishing can be tedious without a net (one fish per hour), and mining is definitely reliant on a lot of luck (and it eats away at your stamina like crazy). But both are done in a pretty concise manner.There aren't too many romance options [3 male, 3 female], but the fact that your character's gender does not exclude them from marriage candidates is a nice bonus. And from the way this game looks, it's possible future updates will change that.Overall, I think it was well worth the price. I came in looking for something similar to Harvest Moon, and I found a lot of familiar territory presented in a way that improved a lot of what I didn't like about Harvest Moon. The ability to take on part-time jobs to make money is helpful - especially in the early game. The book you recieve from your first quest makes tracking your relationships far less stressful. The option to change clothes is cute. Plus, there's actual plot. So, that's kind of nice. (It's a cute story.)"
76561198112709547,Recommended,432010,20881986,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Colonel Bistro,This game is adorable. 2 hours in and i already love it.
,Recommended,432010,32833813,Posted: 26 June,all,brishelen,"If you go into this game thinking it will be like Stardew Valley, then prepare to obviously be disappointed. But this game is not meant to be Stardew Valley, so comparisons are unncessary. If you are like me however, who just loves these games, then you will love World's Dawn. I love the simplicity of the design and the game play, but there is still so much to do. I have played this non-stop and have already surpassed my first year since buying this. It is very easy to get addicted to playing.What I find most enjoyable are the minigames within the events, the storyline, the characters and the writing. The whole game is unique, and extremely charming. That would be the one way I would sum it up: charming.I had this game on my wishlist for a while, but was not sure whether to pay the £7, then it went on sale for about £3 so I thought why not. I absolutely have no regrets buying it now.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for something that is similar to Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley, because that's what this game is, it's similar and falls into the same genre."
,Recommended,432010,27205173,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hyrushoten,"This is one of the most relaxing and heartwarming games I've played.  The farming is somewhat barebones, but there's still enough there to keep you engaged.  The real draw is exploring the town and learning more about the townsfolk.  If you want a farming simulator this isn't the best choice. If you want to enjoy a welcoming, relaxing atmosphere on the other hand you can't do much better than this."
,Recommended,432010,34108543,Posted: 8 August,all,MrThatOneGuyFromOverThere,"If you're looking for a game to calm you down, this game is for you. The music is soft and nice, the characters are fun, the dialouge is good, and the setting is wonderful. The only problem I have would be the controls, but that is minor. I tried looking for a game similar to Harvest Moon, and I found this. This game is worth it.10/10 stars in my book"
,Recommended,432010,21286887,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,nfarizar,"Need some tuning and debugging, and game sometimes freeze after talking to Madison in the Clinic. Nevertheless, I like this game anyway!"
,Recommended,432010,20774827,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JoKeR/Dz,"So far this game is amazing! Like everyone else is saying, it's a lot like Harvest Moon, but better. The characters are super sweet and fun to talk to, I normally find it a chore to talk to some people in games like this, but everyone is very interesting! I love the art, everyone is adorable, especially Bloom. The farming is simple enough, the plants grow pretty fast and it doesn't take long to water them every morning, or at night, if you forget  like me :P. I also love that you can find random items while digging, I've already found an Ocarina, some fruit that permanently increases my energy, and a couple Sage Blops. (the sage blops are so adorable oh my goodness). You can watch TV every day to find out new things, like recipes, learning more about the townsfolk, ordering appliances, or just watching Prophecy Quest. You can also fish, mine, and ask for some part-time work at somebody's shop! The only thing I wish for is more marriage candidates, like Indigo, or Madison. Also it takes a lot of energy to run, which I don't like. I know this review probably isn't super helpful, but just get the game and play it for yourself! It's well worth the money, trust me. Thank you for reading. xD"
,Not Recommended,432010,24200419,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Princess Milky,"This game seemingly provided a grand lot of things to go about doing however it left me feeling rather disaapointed and needing more, yet it just couldn't provide that.Pros:- Beautiful artwork- Cute little story and townCons:- No real depth to that story though- Gets boring fast- Controls for some things just are frustratingGreat idea, poor implementation."
76561198306532433,Not Recommended,432010,25644461,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lunamoon5358,"It's ok, there really isn't a ton of things to do and the farm space is severly limited. I found the controls to be quite clunky, and the inventory was difficult to use. There aren't any storage options for your items which I found sorta irritating. If you really want this game I'd wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,432010,33299060,Posted: 5 July,all,Winyelaceta,"I honestly really enjoy this game :)  It's a simple game with only one developer so it lacks certain complexities that you find with Stardew Valley or Rune Factory, but it's very beautiful, the diologue is well done, and the music is excellent. I find the game to be very relaxing and the character stories really draw you in. I'm eager to see what updates are brought to this game in the future <3  I'm absolutely happy with my purchase!"
,Recommended,432010,20827178,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,butter babe,really relaxing and heartwarming game to play. super cute.
76561198320255575,Recommended,432010,34622140,Posted: 30 August,all,ashleyrevell86,my only real problem with worlds dawn is the size of the screen it looks like it should be on a phone not a computer why is that other then that i love how you can fall for anyone even your own umm gender hehe
76561198352166982,Recommended,432010,30802910,Posted: 28 March,all,TouchyPineapple,"I love the game so far. I love the art style and character icons. They are gorgeous and well designed.  I also enjoy the activities that are available in the game such as mining, foraging and digging. The cooking mechanic from what I've seen so far is pretty good. Collecting substances in bottles and mixing them together to create drinks and sauces for food is enjoyable.I think the activities could be expanded on, being able to dig up more stuff and find a greater variety of gems would be a good start. I would love to see ""events"" with potential partners and tougher requirements for marriage. (A greater selection of candidates would also be good)The concept of feral shades is fun and unique too.Basically I just want more."
,Recommended,432010,31182955,Posted: 16 April,all,KayDuckula,"It's a cute little game. I haven't gotten as far into it as others who have reviewed, but it's been nothing but fun. It does have some Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley aspects, but I wouldn't hold your breathe if that's the kind of quality you are looking for in this game. HM & SDV are great games--they have a lot more options in choices, more world to realm around in, and overall they are just larger then World's Dawn. This game is more of a smaller version, I think more befitting of a time-passer and stress-relief game."
,Recommended,432010,20811003,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SimplyFreckled,Everything good about harvest moon in one game! Being in college I needed a nice relaxing game and this is the perfect solution. I would reccomend this to anyone who loves harvest moon or animal crossing. Great game and I can't wait to see more from this creator!
76561198047609043,Recommended,432010,21067678,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Loli Princess,"This is the Harvest Moon-esque game we need, but not the one we deserve. After all these failed attemps at making domething like Harvest Moon, World's Dawn manages to capture the essentials and make it friendly enough for anyone to step in and play.No more trial and error with gifts, no more rigid marriages, no more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,Simple, fun and easy. That's how it should be."
76561198121406324,Recommended,432010,35002101,Posted: 16 September,all,ShadowBloodNinja,"World's Dawn was a wonderful take on the Harvest Moon type games. It was shorter than I would have liked but I genuinely had a wonderful experience. It had fresh ideas for festivals and I found myself very excited for every festival because I didn't know what to expect. The minigames were enjoyable, especially the aggressive soccer-esque game Lockball. The story was interesting to follow, especially as new characters were unlocked.The controls were a bit awkward but it ran like a general RPG maker game. I liked that I didn't have to use my mouse and could casually use just my laptop. The inventory system was a bit weird and I would have liked somewhere to store my extra junk and the veggies I was hoarding for cooking. The energy system was also excellent. It made sense that having your character sprint everywhere took some of your stamina. It was easy to regain because of the benches placed throughout the map. The benches were not only great for stamina, but for passing time! Store doesn't open for five more hours? Just fall into a short coma on a bench.The game is charming and memorable. It flows nicely because of festivals and Paxel's visits break up the boring daily life. The characters have personalities and I enjoyed talking to most of them, even with repetitive dialogue that games like these generally have. The characters, while generally feeling like same-face, had bright color palettes that differentiated them from each other.I would have liked more romance options in the game but I was very happy about my relationship with Quint and thought each romanceable was great (I would have killed to marry Paxel, though). There were four of each gender available, and you unlocked more characters who I thought would have been fine characters to romance. There could have been a bit more variation too, with most of the romanceables being young and similar. I married Quint, whose flaw seemed to be him griping about marrying an old man like him. I would have liked more for relationships in the game. The romantic festivals were well done but I would have liked events with the characters, something like the heart events from Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley. I also think it was a great addition to choose your character's orientation as the game began.I would have liked more clothing available earlier in the game because by the time I unlocked more things, I was already done with 4/5 goals.Something that made me really happy was your dog. You start the game with a dog who you can have follow you around and he'll sniff out coins and be generally adorable. When he likes you then you can even send him to the store to buy seeds or animal feed.World's Dawn puts you on a very small plot of land. You have two small fields that can each hold twenty seeds. There is already a barn for you to buy animals for, which is convenient. I think the model for the cow looks slightly concerning, kind of like a ghost or zombie cow, but it's more funny than anything else. I would have liked more farm space available because if I had more field room then money goals would have been easier to meet.The mine is kind of lackluster. It's small and you just run down to the bottom, get the better rocks, and go back. This would have been easier if you didn't need a table to eat. I understand the concept of needing a table to eat complicated things but nothing could stop me from snacking or drinking standing up. The fishing on the other hand, has a unique minigame that you play for it. I thought it was a great addition to make fishing more interesting.The mixing was actually a lot of fun in this. You collect ingredients in bottles and mix them together. I had a wonderful, very glitchy, experience when I made what apparently was a hard alcoholic beverage and my character went black out drunk. I was supposed to have a plot dream that night and the game wasn't sure how to handle me waking up at the sentinel's house without having the dream. The result? Quint, your house is flashing back and forth with a bear in it.The game is beautiful too. A great map with wonderful cutscenes for festivals, plot elements, and the opening. It made the game feel really complete and shows the effort put in to it.All in all, it's an enjoyable game. I would absolutely replay it again and probably marry Quint again because I'm a sucker for him. I still have more to do in my game but I would definitely recommend this game for someone looking for a casual experience. It's not very hardcore unless you're achievement hunting but it's definitely fun if you enjoy cute festivals, interesting takes on mechanics, and a charming presentation. It definitely reminded me of the older Harvest Moon games and I loved it.I have so much more to say, but this is long enough."
76561198076429010,Recommended,432010,21249856,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ChaoticallyGuided,"8/10This game added a more 'adult' element compared to the Harvest Moon franchise. Now before you get excited, I'm referring to the amazing social interactions. There's defiantly more depth within the characters, the conversations can be longer and the shift between friend, close friend and partner is also well presented in the dialogue. Now after gushing about how awesome the social interactions are, there are some downfalls, I would of liked a better gradient with the skills, and maybe more options with the animals (turning milk to butter/cheese etc).  However, I did like the cooking concept (you can't cheat here boys and girls :P Only the recipe's you learn can be cooked ;) ). Now all I can ask for is the power to have children, so I can get free labor :P"
76561198006514123,Recommended,432010,20821156,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rogal_Dorn,This game is absolutely delightful...what a fun way to pass some time!
76561198320170710,Recommended,432010,34110862,Posted: 8 August,all,RaptorGirl,"This game would be a ton more fun if Paxel's lockball skills werent so fudging high, 3 hours. 3 REAL TIME HOURS TO BEAT HIM.(Tho but for real great game, but my frustration is real.)"
,Recommended,432010,20820986,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,cerellium,"this game definitely gets a lot better once you get past the intial tutorial stage (if you can even consider it a tutorial) and once you figure out how things work, especially with the limited map and learning to fumble your way through the village to find people. Once I got past the first hour I was enjoying it a lot more.Two things would be nice though...The option to use the old character art, if you wanted to. Not to say the new art isn't great, but there are some I prefer in the old style (such as the doctor, and especially sparrow, who i'm romancing right now) and more customization option for your character.The option to turn off only the voices would also be nice, but that's so minor it's not really worth mentioning.All in all, gg."
,Recommended,432010,29885451,Posted: 12 February,all,"Girl, no.","In this game, you own a house and land in a nice country community where everyone is friendly and personable  and everything is within walking distance.  So far the best discovery I've made is that I can wander around my property in my underwear.  The only downside is people showing up to tell me about upcoming events as soon as I open my door.10/10 would accidentally flash the town's merchant again."
76561198019102940,Recommended,432010,23026231,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Special Force Znad,"I played through the whole game 100% and in short I would give this game a 6.5/10.It is a game heavily based to form Friendship with the local townsfolk and to discover the few secrets of this little village. The game itself is charming and every character is lovable in it’s own way. You have to work as Farmer/Fisherman/Miner to earn money to buy yourself some decoration for your house or to make presents for the local town people. After a quarter of the game you get a routine how to deliver the presents to each villager and make them all a little happier. The main problem with the game is that it gets redundant after a short while because there is a lack of quests to do and the only special things which are happening are the rare festivals. Some secrets you just need the wiki to complete them and are a real pain to gather all parts (yes I mean the fireflies). The game could have been easily a 9/10 if there would have been many more quests and a more appealing ending.But overall I was happy to see my character marrying, amass huge amount of money, spending it on presents and hear the different dialogues of each villager. Get yourself the game if you want experience the same happy feeling."
76561198162703817,Recommended,432010,31286876,Posted: 21 April,all,aim4thetop1,"Alright like it a lot better than Stardew Valley, which biggest problem, was not simply keeping movements to its regular up, down, left, right controls. From what I can recall playing that game, you had to click with the mouse to continue moving the prompt. People are also much friendlier in this game, though I can see the humor in them acting otherwise."
,Recommended,432010,28360980,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,sseviyyx,"BACK-TO-NATUREthis game is remind me about Harvest moon .. really .. it has the same plot ahahathis game must be called ""Harvest Moon : Back to Nature RPG""when you first time came.. you would be showing by a story .. then you will be introduced by some story. then you do the story as well. (there are story inside story)the different between the real one is you can fond money with do an part-time job so that will make easy money to farm. what i gonna say is ""EASY FARM EASY LIFE"".this game more easy than the real one.(+)Nice Story, Enjoying, Nice Townfolks(-)Stuck Achievement... (erm.. that's my problem) : (Overall8.0ENJOY PLAYABLE"
,Recommended,432010,20769699,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Sylveonica,"Reminds me of Harvest Moon, so awesome.10/10"
76561198321901621,Not Recommended,432010,25387300,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,M3owdison,"I have to say that I really wanted to like this game. I loved Stardew Valley, and I bet I could love this game just as much - story and content wise. The issue is the gameplay. The best word for it is ""Clunky"". There isn't a single aspect of the game that didn't seem under developed, glitchy, or over simplified OR over complicated. The fishing game is frustrating and pointless, the backpack is badly organized, growing crops is also fairly pointless, animals are super simplified which makes them boring, etc.The focus of this game, as opposed to Stardew or the Harvest Moon games, is clearly on the townsfolk and socializing. I have no problem with this, but there isn't enough incentive in the other aspects of the game to encourage me to keep playing."
76561198126310449,Recommended,432010,20771469,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Sly,If you liked Harvest Moon you will love this game.
,Recommended,432010,22873124,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Melly,"I love it! So much like Harvest Moon only an improved version!! And I LOVE the working part-time option!!However, it does need a map that we can open wherever we are - I find myself lost and trying to find my way back home lol. So a map would be wonderful especially for when people are starting out and finding their way around the place :)Although, after a couple hours in, I went on Wikia and found a map where they show you where the wild stuff is that you can pick, and I keep that open next to the game so I always know where I am haha.All in all - awesome game and defintely recommend :)"
76561198169448172,Not Recommended,432010,26485283,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,UrbanForse22,The game was overall alright but the controls really weren't user friendly. I really like the concept of the game but i think it needs to be fixed up a bit.
,Recommended,432010,20816642,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Zorika,"From my experience of playing Harvest Moon, I believe World's Dawn is a great game!"
76561198035999711,Recommended,432010,30773114,Posted: 27 March,all,*Dream,"Wholesome to the point of twee, but I love it."
76561198023466377,Recommended,432010,20815268,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rich,"with near 30+ hours I would say im qualified to review now:lets me start by saying this game is bascily an old school harvest moon clone.With that said its not bad... not by a long shot, it has done everything that made me love harvestmoon and more.the characters all have names and personalities that bring the story to life a little more than it already is.the locations are really nice, the focus of this being a sea side town made it feel really nice to me.My only problems that i have found with this game after the hours i have put in is:Time seems to either pass way to slow (when nothing to do) or way to fastNo upgrade scheme to your farm other than an extention to your actual house. (would love to see some extra room for animals, maybe more animals aswell)chores can seem a little tidious but harvest moon had this problem and its one that cant really be put against the game rather the genre.with this all said, its early days and i have heard that the creater is looking to add things to the game as it goes.. so who knows maybe things will change.For its price I think its a Great buy. 8/10"
,Recommended,432010,30958848,Posted: 5 April,all,Mirinae-,Loooveee it so much!! would love to play more games like this! ^^I hope I can have babies from my couple in this game~Would be cool and perfect -3-
76561198080268954,Not Recommended,432010,32302670,Posted: 9 June,all,Smoky,"I'll start this review off with a pros and cons listFull Disclosure: I've only played about 25 ingame days or so and since I've played Stardew Valley my review might be a bit biased but ill try not to compare them much. I also have not started any relationships with specific characters and am new to the general plot going on. I also got this game on sale so I did not pay the full price.Pros:-Very pretty graphics as long as you don't play fullscreen since they tend to stretch and distort-Unique fishing system-Working part time is a great system for earning some quick cash-I like the festivals and activities going on around town, they add a cute extra something as long as you aren't trying to do anything that day-Runs pretty smoothly (unless it is raining where some glitches in lighting and display might appear but it isn't really that noticable or worthy of being a con)-I love the dog, not only is it a cute conpanion to go on your adventure with you, but the fact that the dog needs food daily urges the player into making money instead of just bumming around aimlessly.Cons:-How dang slow your character walks. I know there's a sprint button but in the early game you can't afford to waste your stamina bar-The map is too dang big. It takes forever to walk anywhere in this game since you won't be freely sprinting and all the stuff you need is really far away from each other. It takes so long to go anywhere-The controls are uncomfortable (partially the fault of my being right handed and having small arrow movement keys) The game works on a arrow key exclusive control system which as far as I know can't be changed. It would be soooo much nicer if I could just set the movement keys to the standard wasd keys so I can reach the space bar and escape button when I need to, but I can't-The amount of energy you start off with is pathetic and inconvienient. You can plant about 30 crops in a day (you have 40 starting plots to fill) or about 20 in a day if you plan to water those crops. I know you can eat that special fruit thing to gradually get more energy but starting off like that is somewhat irritating.As of yet in my experience of the game I would not reccomend it. Mainly because of the control system, how tedious it is to travel around and on a more personal level because I don't really like what the datable characters look like, they just seem a bit flat to me."
76561198086721174,Recommended,432010,32683553,Posted: 23 June,all,Erin.ruth99,"Excellent game for fans of Harvest Moon. Plenty to do, great characterisation as well."
,Recommended,432010,34600027,Posted: 30 August,all,Moncherie,10/10
76561198031284066,Not Recommended,432010,21011871,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,one.leg.flamingo,"World's Dawn does an excellent job of recreating Harvest Moon while improving upon the dialog and characters. However, I did not end up enjoying the game all that much. The game really lacks suficiant incentive to make money and expand your farm. Both farming and mining are simpler than they are in HM, and the quests are pretty dull. There is no lumber or stone. This really takes the strategy and financial management aspect out of the game, and the only thing left is earning affection with the villagers.Bascially from the very beginning, you spend all day, every day, running around trying to tag every villager for ""heart points"" before time runs out. Heart points build incredibly slowly, even if you are giving good gifts.  I felt like I was spending a lot of time doing tedius errands and getting nowhere. While the characters are certainly better than they are in HM, they are not deep enough or interesting enough to carry the entire game. I also really dislike the soccar mini game.I had a hard time deciding whether to give this game a thumbs up or a thumbs down. You really have to appluad the developers for putting together a polished game. It just did not have enough complexity and moved too slowely to keep me intersted."
76561198014763869,Not Recommended,432010,22023724,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cherry,"I wanted so much to love this game but it's really overpriced for what it is.  Most importantly there are absolutely no resolution settings!  That's right; if you have a pretty decent computer and monitor you get to play the game pixelated, super pixelated or stretched and pixelated.I also found there was input lag and my screen would stutter and jar when my character was running.My character was adorable, I really wanted to play and enjoy her but alas, within 12 in-game minutes of me trying to change settings and options (of which there are minimal) I requested a refund.  On my fairly good computer this game is unplayable.  If your computer isn't that great or if you can be bothered changing your actual computer settings to lower resolutions and whatever else you need to do to make this thing work then it might be for you.I was refunded almost instantly.  I was so disappointed in this game.My advice: just pay the extra $3 or so for Stardew Valley and get a game that actually works."
76561198044516972,Not Recommended,432010,22067850,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,maltheal,"honestly this game has potential i would love to play more but the controls are so.... like really wtf where you thinking making the controls like that ..""haha im going to make the arrow keys the movement and not WASD then make the mouse useless and use a bunch of other awkward keys"" seriously fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥second why is options under f1.... was it that hard to make a menu button for options? im only nitpicking on that because the f1 for options does not work...ill change review when you make normal controls and fix the options problemanother update and the options are still not fixed..."
76561197974545717,Not Recommended,432010,20887947,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Xenoforever,"I've played many of the iterations of the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory franchises, mobile and console. After watching some online play, and reading some descriptions of the game, I decided to purchase the game.After 10 or so days in game I started to question if I was just missing some other game components. After looking up some of the content of the game online, I realized there wasn't much more than I had already found. A handful of crops you can grow, a dozen or so recipes used to woo or befriend the citizens. You can go mining and get one of 4 possible valuable stones. I must have missed where fishing was explained in-game. My few attempts at fishing yielded nothing and never proved to be an intuitive activity. The home decorations I saw in the various shops were not enticing to ever buy even if I had the money. You can forage for items around town, but that felt more like a mechanic built in to do while traveling from one end of town to the other.I will say the graphics are decent for the aesthetic the developers seems to be going for."
76561198269046159,Not Recommended,432010,24738045,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ShadowLamb,"With hours so little like mine, I don't really have all that much of a right to review this the way I do, but I couldn't exactly get through the game. Don't get me wrong, I find the game authentic and beautifully designed, and it seems like it took a lot of work to make. Even the game system and ideas in itself are actually pretty good, but that's not why I don't really like it.World's Dawn is not a horrible game, it's not bad, but it's just plain. To elaborate, I feel like the gameplay is a carbon copy of Harvest Moon. Which is fine in some aspects, but it's not original. That's my problem. I didn't feel as if I desired to play this when I could sit down more comfortably on my 3DS and play Story of Seasons instead.I guess it's my own fault though, I was hoping for a game like Harvest Moon, but not too much like Harvest Moon. I might come back later on to see if there's more to the game, but for now I'm not that interested. I tried multiple times to get back into it, but it's just too mundane. A better story and more interesting game mechanics might make this game feel more stand alone. My apologies, but it's a ""meh"" to me.(for those that TL;DR)Pros:- Beautiful Art Design.- Adorable Pixel Graphics.- A Throwback to Classic Harvest Moon.Cons:- Feels too much like Harvest Moon.- Boring Gameplay.- Doesn't Feel Original."
76561198030748055,Not Recommended,432010,22742760,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,greyrobin@yahoo.com,I was dissapointed in the lack of documentation on matters like 'how to exit the game' and the controls in general.  The art is very nice and it has a nice feel.   There are many who would like the way this is set up.  My best to them.
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,432010,21911515,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,koinzell,the game is waay limitedits just a genaric clone of harvest moon with nothing interasting to addand the main things in these games other then farming are the marraige canadatesand they looks as genaricly bland as growing a cropssuch a shame.
76561198266937067,Recommended,432010,21417243,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nightwolfqueen,"I love this game, but the Lockball is absolutely horrible. HORRIBLE.The NPCs get so many advantages, it's not cool.I'm not even far in the Lockball stuff yet, but I absolutely hate it. So much so that I'm pondering whether or not putting it as not recommended. It's so frustrating. A mini-game like this should be fairly easy to get into, be fun, and not make you want to rip the hair off of your head.Alright, but enough complaining, here's what I don't like about it:1. It's too sensitive. You're all over the screen, it's very hard to get a target on the ball, and it's even harder to navigate it across the field. It's nearly impossible with a fast opponant. It's like you're sliding around, never really getting solid ground. Lockball should be challenging, not super infuriating. And if I have to spend everyday of World's Dawn trying to do these stupid Lockball games until I actually get somewhat good, then it's not even worth it to play Lockball. Think about this; if you've just started playing soccer, do you slide all over the field? No, if anything, you've got slower reflexes, and yyou might be slower.2. The NPCs can do this little thing where they can drag the ball over a space with them as they move. You can't do that, so if you get it stuck next to the wall, you basically have to give it to the opponent, and then, if it's a fast opponent, they get it into the goal pretty easily. You have to go to the other side of the ball to push it left or right on the field, (which with the too sensitive controls makes it even harder) and with that, it takes too long to react, and if you've got a fast opponent, it's stolen from you super quickly.3. Locking the goal. I have no idea how the NPCs do this, but if you have the ball in the goal, and they're still behind you (about halfway through the field), they can still lock the goal even though they're no where near it, and you have the ball in the goal already. And I don't know if lower level players can't do this yet, but you can't lock the goal. Even if you're in it, they're right in front of you, and definitely not the way the NPCs can. I've played games against lower-level opponents, and they can still do all these things I'm writing about.4. The opponents can jump behind the ball. If it's behind them, and you've pushed it behind them, they can just jump behind it and steal it away from you. Again, you can't do this. It's not cool. I get that since you're new to Lockball, you wouldn't be able to all the cool stuff the more experienced players can do, but giving tons of advantages to the NPCs that you don't have isn't fair either.OK, enough rant. I just HATE the stupid Lockball. I'm at the tournement, and I keep losing to Paxel, which I would accept, except there's so many things getting in my way, the over-sensitivity, him being able to drag the ball, lock the goal from halfway across the field, and being able to jump behind the ball and steal it.Things I liked, and are the only reasons I'm giving it recommended:1. Likeable characters (Wished they gave me chat options or something to do with the villagers throughout the day. Literally, you just say, ""hi"" then it's basically over interaction wise, until the next day, where you again, only say, ""hi"".)2. Nice surroundings3. Really cute festivals and things (Except that Lockball tournament ARRGH)4. Cute doggo5. Interesting storylines (Feel like it's kinda forcing me to do stuff though)6. I don't know why, it's just really addicting (I mostly just like the romance storylines, but I like the rest of the game too.)7. I like the whole cooking thing (Although I feel it's really hard to get ingredients, especially carrots and garlic if you haven't even made it to that season yet)Overall, I like the game, JUST HATE THE STUPID LOCKBALL. I recommend the game, hope the creator thinks about some of the suggestions of mine, forgives me for that little outburst, and don't touch the Lockball if you're like me...(It's not good for your health...)"
,Recommended,432010,20808977,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Spiffy Spiff Silver,Amazing it took what Harvest Moon and what other similar games did and made it it's own. It's fun and a new twist to this type of game. A must play
,Recommended,432010,24547213,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Robert [AP],"Howdy folks, the team at AussieGaming whipped up a nice video review for you to enjoy. explaining both positives and negatives for this little charmer of a game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3zEiYPaO4o"
76561198371825502,Recommended,432010,32276380,Posted: 8 June,all,AlexChipChip,Great game.
76561198268450592,Recommended,432010,20910521,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,dont mind me that's joey lmao,"I just love this game, although I hope they add more content, such as meat recipes (which was very evident from HM), able to have children, game continuity with children (like in HM: ToT and HM:AP). But aside from that, it does a really great job as a game inspired by Harvest Moon :))"
,Recommended,432010,30185016,Posted: 25 February,all,No Hablo Ingles,"As many others have said, if you enjoy Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley, then you will enjoy this game. There are cutscene interactions that make you learn so much more about the characters. In fact, there are plenty of characters with very unique personalities. The plot of the game is interesting and makes you want to reach the end goal. It's very easy to spend a lot of time on this game without realizing hours have passed.There are a few recommendations I have:-Add a map. It's difficult to navigate the map.-Add diagonal running.-Change the fishing minigame. (A personal preference.)Overall I definitely recommend this game! It's so nice having more Harvest Moon-like games on the PC."
76561198167043017,Recommended,432010,30288768,Posted: 2 March,all,"Unfortunate,","I don't even know where to begin... You can feel that an extraordinary amount of love was put into this game!! It's so charming and kind, the art style is adorable... I loved interacting with all the mystical creatures!! I loved the purity of the friendships/relationships all around Sugar Blossom! The general feeling of this game is a comfortable, safe, nostalgic one. Like any other farming simulator, there's no rush; you can play this after a hard day at work when you want to unwind.With political unrest rising higher and higher, it's nice to escape into a safe little village where nothing bad happens. The love and kindness present in this game is unlike any other I've ever played, and I couldn't reccommend it enough!"
76561198135909646,Recommended,432010,30310068,Posted: 4 March,all,66Kittens,"I loved the harvest moon games and stardew valley and I thought that this game would be a cute little change of pace from those two, but I man I did not think it would be as addicting as it is. I love it~ The characters are adorable and you can have two pets and the feastivals are fun to attend! <3"
,Recommended,432010,30262693,Posted: 1 March,all,Schutzstaffel,I haven't play this game for an hour but I already know that I will love this game so much. It keep makes me reminiscing about Harvest Moon.
76561198153644675,Recommended,432010,22616771,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,aquarilas,"I love this game. It's a casual farming game that reminds me of harvest moon. The nice aspect is that farming and caring for the animals is just a small portion of the day in game. After that, I'm free to wander around and interact with the town. I play at my pace without rushing and just get by day to day."
76561198281695198,Recommended,432010,22160272,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,illogicallydead,"World's Dawn is actually pretty great. 1+ hour of gameplay and I'm loving it (yes im a slow player lol). Like one of the reviewers here said, it is a worthy rival of Stardew Valley. Although I have some concerns about it.1. The map.- the map is really vague and I was quite confused when I first explored the town. I hope they could add some visuals of what's ACTUALLY in each department. Like the maps in HM games. They really put in every building there is in the town. That way the player won't be lost.2. The time.- IT'S HARD TO LIVE IN A VIRTUAL WORLD WHERE TIME FILES FAST. Literally.Well that's pretty much my concerns. Because I AM THOROUGHLY IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME! It exceeded my expectations to be honest. Really calm and relaxing too :D"
76561198269470431,Recommended,432010,22304166,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,JoyRawr,"If you liked harvest moon then play this game! It isn't as annoying as harvet moon in my opinion, which makes it more enjoyable."
76561198189335655,Recommended,432010,22135706,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,serenityvk,i really enjoy this game this is just a suggestion maybe restock on the market days
76561198052121754,Recommended,432010,22213329,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Raven Call,"Really good game... thought I must say I wish that there were more things to do. Really similar to Harvest Moon even thought this game is more about being part of a small comunity, u know this game is more about villager life than farming (there isen't much pace to grow veggies and animal products don't ship very hight price so you could actually make much more money by fishing and minning than by farming... I hope this would change).Minigames like LockBall and fishing are really easy, so maybe not right kind game for minigame lovers, but players like me who play for stories this is right kind of buy. I mean all thoise stories behind festivalls (I wish there were more festivalls) are just so cute and I even liked characters and their stories (Talking to them was lott of fun). I liked the little sound that they made (like laughting) now and then when you talk to them. Even thought I still think there should be more scenes and lines for them. There is only one voice that I would like to change and that is thoise FROGS... AARGHH! I really hate that sound they keep making.Artwork is very cool, much better than in Stardew Valley.Anyway, this game gets my recomends!"
76561198214213240,Recommended,432010,22414681,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,strawberrydream,"What can I say about World's Dawn?Overall, it's a game that draws inspiration from the Harvest Moon series, a series of games I personally enjoy. You take on the role of a young farmer new to town who has dreams of running a successful farm. Gameplay is much like the Harvest Moon games. You plant crops, socialize with townsfolk, forage, and fish, among other things. The artwork is cute enough, and the soundtrack is charming. Like with Harvest Moon, the characters possess some personality, though it's limited to small bits of dialogue that are repeated every time you speak to them. That said, with all of the other features the game has, I'm not really complaining that the characters do not each have huge, sweeping backstories.If you're a fan of the Harvest Moon series, I suggest giving World's Dawn a try."
76561198117186088,Recommended,432010,32325242,Posted: 10 June,all,Squikachu,Definately something I recommend if you like farming games.
76561198080164264,Recommended,432010,32657037,Posted: 22 June,all,AuthorReaderChan,I love the characters and art style! Ghis game is so fun to play!
,Recommended,432010,32945520,Posted: 28 June,all,[C]atchy.Kitten ♥,Love this game
76561198197972881,Recommended,432010,33733477,Posted: 22 July,all,phoenixsgal,Very fun game! Thoroughly enjoyed it
76561198299569062,Recommended,432010,27285661,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nicola,"This game is so cute and I love it so much, defintely worth the money and there is so much stuff to comment, this is a amazing game and it desevers so much more"
76561198312837051,Recommended,432010,27873971,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JAF,Beautiful graphics and music give it a nice atmosphere.This is a very good option for players who like relaxed Harvest Moon games.
,Recommended,432010,35125997,Posted: 22 September,all,Illegirl,it's okay
76561198184325422,Recommended,432010,28684979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rob,Its good but i cant wake up and go right back to sleep like real life.
76561198114459181,Not Recommended,432010,35269875,Posted: 28 September,all,Shuvok,"Game seems good , but this ""platform"" sucks, no launching full screen at all, no support for steam controller at all, the UI is terrible there are barelly no options in the F1 menus, I want to like the game and support the developer, just this 'client'... this is not my first game on this and I beg developers dont use this, it is terrible.I've played the game and tried to set the buttons, but the game has only 4 functional buttons, steam controller is also to blame here since the steam button dies in game, seems like steam big screen bs wont even recognise this as a game...The game seems great, the concept, some awesome new concepts for a HM-like game, I personally loved the gender/love disparity, revolutionary and necessary, never made sense that this has never been a thing. I'll try harder to play this game and I may like it a lot, just cant recommend a game with such bad playability, I'd recommend the developer adding a programmer to the crew to create a decent client to the game, specially because of the great content and concepts..."
76561198260767646,Recommended,432010,22031751,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,trulleymines,"RGSS2 still not responding...I'll be patient, in the meantime i'll play stardew valley...BTW! Awesome job and i appreciate the effort you put into this game...Can't wait to play :))"
76561198081363646,Recommended,432010,21143911,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,diamondcolliedog,"Honestly, I LOVE this game! Its very relaxing and yet somehow very engaging. I'm at 1/2 a year, and yet look at those hours. Maybe I need a life that isn't virtual.We need more games like this one. Shoutout to the developers!"
76561198380205012,Not Recommended,432010,32139747,Posted: 2 June,all,Pookie,The fullscreen mode doesnt work. The resizeing mode doesnt work either. I cant even play the game without fullscreen mode because it's to small to see. PLEASE FIX!!!
76561198279439217,Recommended,432010,23531661,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,widya,"Bought this game in the hype of harvest moon being released to ios.The story game was good and the character is cute. Too bad that now the character can't marry same sex gender and I won't know whether there'll be option for adoption or they would simply just live childless.But for those who want harvest moon dupe, World's Dawn is pretty good."
76561198077983923,Not Recommended,432010,21917584,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Daldingo,"For $13 you might as well go ahead and buy Stardew Valley for two more dollars.I am a huge Harvest Moon/Rune Factory fan, and this is simply not what I thought it would be from its description. Over 4 hours in and the game felt like a a chore. I never had fun playing, but maybe you will. Until it was patched you had like 8 spaces to plant things?!?!?!This game just doesn't feel complete. I would play it more to see if it fleshes out in the end, but like I said, I've already spent 4 hours and haven't had fun.Like I said, try Stardew Valley over this."
76561197997189166,Recommended,432010,22809215,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sentaku,"The Dawn of a New Farming SimulatorWorld's Dawnis a quaint and casual farming simulator. It's not as extensive as some of its competitors, but it makes up for that with its refreshing and detailed story. There are plenty of things to discover and explore inWorld's Dawn, and I doubt you'll regret the experience for such a fair price. Most of the reviews I've looked at have been somewhat picky in regards to why they haven't been recommending the game. Mainly, it seems people have complaints about lack of documentation of information in the game and about the controls; however, I don't think this justifies giving the game a bad rep. The gameplay and writing more than make up for these issues, and you'll learn the controls & such as you play the game (I also believe the game developer added a few documentations recently within the game for a few things; I'm sure if they need to they will add more).Now, let's get onto how I personally percieved the game.The Good:Generally cute and relaxing art. (I say generally because I do think a couple of the male portraits could use improvement. Paxel's portrait stood out especially).Lots of things to explore.Relaxing atmosphere & music.Many villagers to meet and get to know.Writing is exceptionally good. I was very impressed with the quality and quantity of the dialogue available.The Bad:(a lot of these are just quality of life things that could improve the game)Controls are a little awkward. Takes some getting used to.I wish there were more character creation options. This isn't necessary, but it would be nice!There could be some improvement on what to do with items, aside from just selling them. I do understand that this is a very casual farming simulator, and that the writing was more focused upon than the actual gameplay.I'd like more detailed maps; this is just a personal complaint really. I found it so hard to get around and know where things were. I'm considering drawing my own little map with some details, just so I can have an easier time when I journey outside of my house.All in all, I believe this to be a decent farming simulator with pretty exceptional writing. I haven't played this as extensively as I should have yet, but I wanted to get my impressions out in the public for now. As I continue to play, if I find anything that differentiates from what I have here, I will edit this if need be. Also, if you cannot justify spending $13 on a casual farming sim, wait for it to go on sale and give it a chance. Personally, I'm glad I did!"
76561198282001334,Recommended,432010,22849817,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,scarletmoon,Can we please have it controller friendly? I can never remember which button goes left right up down. I'm just those types that works better with a controller. Pleasseee!
76561198356666685,Recommended,432010,29289393,Posted: 15 January,all,plploysa,Enjoy!
,Recommended,432010,33187211,Posted: 3 July,all,Post Shalom,10/10 Hailey best girl.
76561198175106197,Recommended,432010,23984065,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lonelytree,"Bought this game for 3 reasons:1. Sale2. Love Harvest Moon3. Enjoy RPG Maker gameI'm only almost half an hour into the game at the moment of writing so take this review with a grain of salt.Based on the size of the farm plot available, it's pretty obvious that this game is relationship-heavy rather than farming so take it more as a relationship simulator. This is totally fine by me,  because I also tend to find the repetitive labor in your typical farming games tad grating.However, there're few points that tinge my purchase with some bits of regret.1. The frame rate is a bit clunky for some reason, and that reason might be my own pc since no one else seems to encounter this issue.2. The design style is too Sailormoon animu-esque for me to stomach. I hate to pigeonhole a game's appeal according to types but if I were to do so, I would expect this game to only appeal to teenage girls or teenage girl at heart. Everything is just so damn cute and those gigantic eyes on the characters' avatar just creep me to no end.Will probably keep playing for the sake of the money spent. Is recommendable but only to a certain type of audience.Edit: Spelling."
76561198117847847,Recommended,432010,27997526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gumi,Everything is awesome. :'D
,Not Recommended,432010,32741750,Posted: 24 June,all,Kiger,"Not sure if this game deserves a thumb down but it doesn't deserve a thumb up, in my opinion.I was so excited to start this game because I love Harvest Moon games. So far it's been a disappointment to me. The controls aren't intuitive and feel old. My Xbox360 controller didn't work and may not be compatible with this game?The trailer looks so nice but I just can't enjoy this game game. I find it rather boring and after 5h of gameplay I still feel as if I'm only 5min. in."
,Recommended,432010,29093008,Posted: 7 January,all,LtVictory,I don't remember buying this game.
76561198210241795,Not Recommended,432010,28320863,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Shilo,"It keeps crashing, I can't get it to play for more than a minute or tow"
76561198001369246,Not Recommended,432010,20969156,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ninja-Intern,"Not really much to do in game.I know it's a harvest moon type of game, but its really just the bare bones of it.If more content is added, sure I'll change the rating. But as of now you just farm some plants, and sell them or give them as gifts. It's like a flash game from Newgrounds. Heck, you'd probably find a better game in Newgrounds.It's lacking in more events.The art is nice and pretty though...Maybe too pretty...The Female Marriage Candidates SUCK but the CANNOTHAVES like the girlfriends or wives with distant husbands (I'm talking about best girl Madison), are OFF LIMITS.So yeah, props to the artist.Music wise it's just bog standard. It's not bad. It just doesn't try to do anything else. I'd wish there was more, but I won't fault it for that."
76561198041121387,Recommended,432010,23150938,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Basch99,"Look I'm not going to split hairs here by comparing this game to StarDew or anything similar.World's Dawn is essentially like any farm genre, restore the homestead, marry your sweetheart and save the town. GG.The only difference probably is lockball which in my opinion was one of two saving graces for this  game besides the love and romance story. Look if ya want a beatable game in less than a week get it for anything save that and all the I AM A HORSE jokes possible. Also the random ye olde english speaking slimes... yeah... I don't even know man. 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,432010,31258138,Posted: 20 April,all,stephy987,"The first few hours are kind of interesting, but vaguely frustrating as nothing is properly explained, and some things aren't explained at all. But after those few hours when you've figured out how to make loooads of money, it becomes repetitive and boring, and the okay characters aren't worth slogging through the gameplay for. Stardew Valley is the far superior game, and I recommend playing that instead."
76561198036084478,Not Recommended,432010,32055670,Posted: 29 May,all,ShadowedMoonlight,"Honestly, I don't feel like this is at a stage of development where it was worth the money. On the one hand I do want to support small devs and this game does have potential, but at this point what you can do is so limited. There are some fun ideas like the rose rabbbit, but some of the mechanics are awkward and you run out of new things to do or goals to aim for very quickly.Also the horse riding thing never got less weird."
,Not Recommended,432010,20898359,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mary Starling,"I love the concept of having a Harvest Moon style game available to play on the computer, but I tested this one out and while the style is great and the gameplay is nice, there aren't really any clear instructions on how to do certain actions in the game, including quit to main menu or save. I played for 30 minutes and when I went back to load my game, there wasn't anything saved. I may explore this game in the future when it's developed a bit more soundly than it is now. Also, during the opening of the game where you are walking to the right, if you press and hold the right and left arrow keys together, your character will do a little moonwalk for a couple of seconds.Again, I appreciate the idea behind the game but for me it needs to work out the kinks first for it to be completely playable."
76561198274960745,Recommended,432010,22382672,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,purplepenguin88,It's a nice adorable game that is relaxing and simillar to Harvest Moon. AND ITS FREE!!!!!!
76561198110957833,Not Recommended,432010,25350512,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,Ugh boring. Stardew Valley is 500% better. Theres really nothing to do... it doesn't give any sort of direction :(
76561198212711844,Not Recommended,432010,24013515,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Puddleglum,"I tried hard to like this game. I'm not picky. I love Stardew Valley and have done all I can on that one; now I'm modding it because buying this game was such a LET DOWN!Overly simplistic graphics and actions and restricted movement, it was for babies. Unbelievably dull and not for older than 8-year-olds. A ridiculously tiny plot to 'farm' on. It's nothing like Stardew! Got a refund, thank you Steam."
76561198120519056,Not Recommended,432010,29554281,Posted: 28 January,all,wolfntigger2,"Extremely slow and boring. Sure games like this don't need to feel fast paced, but this is just so boring and slow that I cannot bring myself to play more."
76561198135058297,Not Recommended,432010,23961882,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shinyxoxmuffins,"I'm not going to lie.  I only played this game for 2 hours, but in that two hour span, I was bored as heck.  I had HIGH hopes for this game, namely because it let you choose a gender and THEN let you choose the sex you wished to have relations with.  However, it seemed to drag and could not keep my interest."
76561198109605310,Recommended,432010,23996053,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hi-Tech Headphones,>First year>Winter comes along and I can't farm>Decides to mine for a living>Mines a diamond>'Sell for a massive profit'>Looks at the wiki>Goes to 'Sell List'>'Diamond ... 78' (Only said 78 because there's no set currency name)>Rage quits and flips table because a diamond isn't worth at least 100>Breaks laptop11/10 would buy a new laptop again
,Not Recommended,432010,20862337,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Thutman,"Bad Harvest Moon ripoff with annyoing mechanics, questionable art, and not enough to keep you wanting to continue. Full 2 hour stream:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLiKRjDbv1s"
,Not Recommended,432010,20798204,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Attempting to take a screenshot (by pressing F12, which is the standard steam overlay screenshot button) crashes the game immediately. Running takes up your stamina, so you're supposed to crawl along everywhere. Kerning on letters like ""y"" is completely ♥♥♥♥ed. Art is flat and lifeless - look at those trees, ugh.Harvest Moon games are about charm and simple, rustic beauty. World's Dawn aims for that target, but misses the mark on the most basic levels. A dedicated artist and a few more months of playtesting would have made me give this more of a chance, but in its current state I do not recommend it."
76561198160956604,Not Recommended,432010,28600769,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Stormee25,won't even get past the cut scene. I requested a refund. DO NOT BUY.
,Not Recommended,432010,30273685,Posted: 1 March,all,輝夜姫,"You cannot change yourhair color,eye color, or evenskin color... You can pick from onlythreereally ugly hairstyles... Clothing items are not only limited in the game but are very bland as well. Please allow me to answer two all important questions you might be thinking right now... No! The game does not have a modding community and the developer is also not very active.My suggestion is to ignore this farming sim and go buyStardew Valleyinstead if you haven't already. It has all the above mentioned items and oh so much more to offer. Do not be sucked into the animish graphics that conceal a very unfinished product! (ᗒᗣᗕ)՞http://store.steampowered.com/app/413150/http://community.playstarbound.com/forums/mods.215/"
,Recommended,432010,20753514,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Gingyr,"I said I was a male and it automatically assumed I wanted to romance with other male individuals.I'm not gay, I swear.8/8"
76561198273699115,Not Recommended,432010,31166692,Posted: 15 April,all,jlmandlam,This Game seems really cute and alot like stardew valley... But really? Its nothing alike... I would not recommend
76561198296783228,Not Recommended,432010,32784705,Posted: 25 June,all,Paloris,This is just a cheap rip off  harvest moon
76561198004141215,Not Recommended,432010,29949015,Posted: 15 February,all,Nujahedin,buy stardew valley instead
,Not Recommended,432010,20797618,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shiina09,Its really Bad Not as real as harvest moon This game Just makes me sad
,Not Recommended,432010,20774998,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TheDanglingGamer,"Because you guys didn't get the point of my review i have changed it a little bit, maybe its more clear now:MY OPINION, NOT YOURS(!): This game is so friggin' boring. The first ""mission"" is to find all 26 villagers and that takes forever, hoping that after that it would get better but it wasn't. Besides that the mechanics are very basic like a flash game, looking weird. You can say that this game isn't for me, that could be true but doesn't change my opinion. Really had to go for a refund. 11 euro's is way to expensive for me, for this game."
,Recommended,432010,20902999,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,nakajogeek,"If you're a fan of the old Harvest Moon, this is a very good choice for you! I'm 5 hours in so far and I feel like I have much farther to go even... this is not a game to fly through immediately."
76561198014201814,Recommended,432010,20918759,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mercuric,"This game is essentially about living in an idyllic community.  There's no real rush to the gameplay, so you can play at your own pace and explore to your heart's content.It really reminds me of my youth playing A Link to the Past.  Sure, you can beat the game in 2 hours if you know what you're doing, but the fun of that first experience with the game is in exploring all of the little details and in this game you can do that, and it's even better as you have a whole little village community to get to experience.It's definitely worth $12.  If you're hesitant, pick it up when it's on sale.  It's an RPG maker game, yes, but the only sign of that is with the engine.  All of the assets appear to be custom and frankly that's pretty refreshing to see (I refuse to buy RPG maker games unless they use custom art, because what's the point otherwise?).  Also, there has already been one patch and another is on the way to fix a couple of bugs and add a little extra content.  Hopefully that continues and the success of this game allows the developer to work full time making games."
,Recommended,432010,20919785,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,jimoth,"Excellent - really nice game to take your time and play slow. Farming is simple but works fine, earning money to buy new things is fun and the world and conversations in it are quite varied."
76561198141120186,Recommended,432010,20903667,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,The White Raven,nice game .. it bring back memories when playing harvest moon
76561198049866315,Recommended,432010,20889610,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Dis Lexic,"To...much...wimsy!In all sereous though, this really is a very Harvist Moon esqu game and, as a long time player of Harvist Moon, it really is a nice little game."
,Recommended,432010,21817224,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,chocolatte,"Very colorful and dialogue driven game. Cute and fun with at least a 40 hour first playthough. You can choose to play a female protagonist and romance female characters. Great music and interface, best played played with a contoller imo."
76561198069826323,Recommended,432010,21002623,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Syd,"Honestly, the only complaint I have is the controls for the game.  You can't use WASD or your mouse. You're restricted to the arrow keys which makes movement less fluid."
76561198023686292,Recommended,432010,21078607,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dalo,"Fantastic game, writing is superb and you just tend to lose yourself when playing it and time flys by. would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,432010,21041728,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ugottmatt,"As someone who grew up playing a crap ton of harvest moon on my gameboy and gamecube, im glad to see a game give me that harvest moon feeling. Love the open choices you can make relationship wise (straight, bi or gay characters). Has a dry start since you'll be handling a lot of tutorial-like things but once you get through your first season, you'll be hooked."
,Recommended,432010,21040066,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,punkiemunkie,"Bad Game Addiction. I would even sneak out from bed from my bf to play it when he would go to sleep. It reminds me of my younger days when I would play GBA under the sheets after curfew because it was just too good I didn't want to wait for the next day even though my parents would want me to sleep. Now it's because my work time is during the day and I only choose to play games at night when my bf plays his games at night, but when he is finished I don't want to stop when he stops, hahaha.On a longer note.It reminds me of Harvest Moon and Zelda on gameboy advance. I really enjoy the older games from back in the day and this game is reminiscent of them.Pros:Good storyline.Impressed with the mini games and eventsLike the ways to earn money for crops and animals.I get to have a dog and horse as pets! Haha, it fills the urge of not being able to have them in real life.Like with real pets you have to take care of them everyday or else they get sick.Cons:Some bugs in the game, but the developer does work quickly on them.My bf confronts me about not finding me in bed at a certain time of night because I sneak out to play it. (He jokingly does it of course)It's enjoyable and brings a smile to my face. I have so many hours because I'm a perfectionist and have restarted the game a couple of times because I wanted certain things so the replay value has been worth it. I would be excited to get all the acheivements in this game unlike in other games, because they seem very attainable and the rewards you get for attaining them actually seem worth it in the game. Like a teleporter stone, or people come back to the village and you get a fishing shop. These are actual worthy acheivements, not like in other games where oh you shot 50 skag! You're a hunter! You just earn a title but no rewards.Really well thought out. Thanks for making it! I keep enjoying it!The play value is so good though and the game exceeded my expections. I even feel like the storyline is so much better than harvest moon in many ways such as the festivals.I would pay full price for it just to support the developer, although at first I thought it seemed expensive for a rpg game like this considering you can get higher quality games from big names for 12.99. But this game is well thought out, made with a lot of heart in it and fun to play that I think it's worth the full price. 2.99 and 4.99 games are cheap but dont capture my attention enough like this game has. Good job developer!"
,Recommended,432010,20945591,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,safwangba,"I played Harvest Moon from GBC until GBA. My favourite is Harvest Moon FOMT/MFOMT.I waited for many years to come for something like Harvest Moon to be revive againThen come Wild Season. But Wild Season is a total dissapointment.After several years, Harvest Moon Seeds of Memories comes for 3DS. I bought 3DS for it but again,it's a total failure.Story of Season save me from my temptation to play games like Harvest Moon but I don't really love 3DS.And then, this game, this RPG Maker based game, comes to live.Start to follow during kickstarter campaign, I know that this game have potential and indeed it isAlmost 14 hours gameplay, all I can say that this game really deliver the gameplay that I want.I don't care about the graphic as long as the game satisfy me. Great experience, Great Character, Unique StoryPlease, buy this game. Support the one-man developer.And one more, the developer is awesome. Always heard what the player said and kept the game up to date with new content and bugfixing.You need to buy the game now and continue to experience new content that will be added. Help the developer improve this game. The game is not early access, It's 100% finished but need some improvement.Overall the game is recommended to Harvest Moon lovers.Thank you"
,Recommended,432010,26324269,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MiguiMonkey,Cute game but I wish there's more bachelors/bachelorettes. I feel a little bit limited with the options
,Recommended,432010,26202920,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,hideki16seiyuu,"As a farming simulator, it's very basic and there's not much to do. You can't expand your farm past what's set up when you start the game. The upside of this is if you like exploring and getting a lot done in one day, this is the game for you!That being said, I LOVE the characters in this game, and that's the thing that pulls me back to keep playing. Every villager has a distinct personality and design, and they're all so loveable it really pulls you in to their little town and makes you feel at home. I've played Hunter and Liam's romance routes, and I plan on playing the rest of the marriage candidates in the future.It's sweet, quick, and loveable. I want to eat this game up with a spoon. I give it 4 out of 5."
76561198265068050,Recommended,432010,26393468,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,shivacuce,I really love this game. The characters are SO adorable and the storytelling is very good. I feel that it has a good balance of farming and interpersonal relationships. c:
,Recommended,432010,26435441,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jlneo,"World's Dawn is a game I found annoying until I got the hang of it. BUT. That is only because I had never played a Harvest Moon-esque game before . Once I got the hang of it, it became very fun and addicting, though there were some times where I wanted to take a break or got a little bored. Despite that, I found myself returning to the game again and again until I got to the play time I'm at now.The graphics of World's Dawn are really cute, and the characters are pretty interesting to get to know. The music is also excellent, and fits the overall style and setting of the game. The quest for the Feral Shades, while it may be tough if you don't know what you're doing, I think is rewarding in the whole 'story complete' way. Others may disagree, though. Once that is done, however, there's so much more to complete for completionists out there. And I like the idea of having that replayability. More so because the gameplay really isn't all that bad when you get used to how things work in Sugar Blossom Village. It's simple, but has some variety in things to do. Not to mention all of the festivals that will certainly keep you busy preparing for! A lot of it, really, has to do with time management.All in all, this is a pretty fun game! And I am very happy to say that I don't regret purchasing it to try out of curiosity nearly as much as I did in the beginning. If you can get the hang of the gameplay as I did, or if you're a fan of games like Harvest Moon, I definitely recommend this one!P.S. My only problem is that Steam achievements may be glitched for some, and I really don't want to replay through a part or a bunch of parts just to get it. But have no fear! The marks, at least, should still record themselves just fine in your Collection Journal."
,Recommended,432010,24816624,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,equinewolf,"This game is very cute and relaxed. A definite recommendation for fans of harvest moon and are looking for something to just chill out and play. One of my favorite things about this game is how many dialogue lines there are for the different characters, unlike in harvest moon where each character pretty much says the same line everyday, there's actually quite a bit of variety, which is refreshing."
,Recommended,432010,25043756,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Itsu,"Was looking for a Harvest Moon game on PC, World's Dawn is exactly what I was looking for!"
76561198208010128,Recommended,432010,24062715,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,the_booplesnoot,"Adorable game, addictive and a lot of fun. It can be a little buggy though (I once got caught in an t.v channel loop). Also I think the creater would benefit from getting rid of the frog noise when it rains. When I first heard it, I thought the game was glitching."
76561198369331788,Recommended,432010,33252625,Posted: 4 July,all,pittmancharity32614,It is a slow start game. Don't let that stop you! It gets more and more amazing! Trust me!
76561198061098617,Recommended,432010,29442248,Posted: 23 January,all,Prowinning,"I have been a fan of Harvest moon games since I was a kid, having played hundreds of hours worth of them.Having played both Stardew Valley and Worlds dawn I can say that Worlds Dawn is much closer to Harvest Moon than Stardew. Both games are fantastic but Worlds Dawn is my farming sim of choice on steam."
,Recommended,432010,29414104,Posted: 21 January,all,gloomspew,"So far, the characters are really well written, but the game is pretty laggy which makes it harder to play. Other than that, I think it's got potential!"
,Recommended,432010,29310976,Posted: 16 January,all,- not available - try later,Would definitely recommend if you like farm simulation games with a rich story.
,Recommended,432010,29402878,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"While it's subsystems aren't as robust as those of Stardew Valley, World's Dawn improves on the farming game by offering story quests, the ability to save at any time, and well fleshed-out characters and NPC interactions."
,Recommended,432010,30664667,Posted: 22 March,all,Mother,My neighbors judge me when I'm drunk.My neighbors judge me when I'm naked.10/10 accurate representation of real life.
76561198291214369,Recommended,432010,29611257,Posted: 31 January,all,Shanata,"|I am really enjoying this game, one of the best farming sims available for a low price. I much prefer World's Dawn over Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,432010,29051571,Posted: 5 January,all,DreamsWishesReality,"This game is cute. I was very iffy about it at first and bought it because it was on sale. I like how it's not too complicated to play and how you can work at the different shops in town. I do wish that the controls were a little bit easier, as they're laggy. I don't mind scrolling through the menu and I was irritated how there was no map in the menu. That issue was quickly forgotten as I got used to the layout of the town, I don't even need a map anymore! I wish there was more little romancing scenes with your partner of choice, that bummed me out a bit.It's cute to play and you can very easily get long into the game."
,Recommended,432010,27823498,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aurabeth,"Wow. First thing to say?Ihatedthis game the first time I played it. Full disclosure, I was going to refund it. I was gonna make some No Man's Sky review on this thing- if you haven't seen those reviews, they are hilarious- and not play this game anymore.But then. Right before the 2 hour mark on the game hit- and the window to refund closed- I saw that World's Dawn was way deeper than what I expected.People say they like it for the story, but the thought put into it overall just made my day.I'm a Stardew person. It will always have a place in my heart, but this took the Stardew-like form, and added the little details that makes games like these more realistic.That is not to say that World's Dawn is not lacking in other places where Stardew Valley thrives (I still prefer Stardew over this), but it is different- better- in others.Pros:(+) The storyline is pretty cool. I like the parallelism between the storyline characters and your characters (Any more would be spoilers)(+) I really like that the clinic is actually kinda useful in this game(+) THE STORYLINE. And I still haven't finished it. I'll edit when I do(+) It stocks up pretty good amount of hours of playtime- not huge, but good(+) The character figures are relatively well pixelated, and their little profiles are relatively well done too(+) It's a relatively well-finished game(+) PART-TIME JOBS!Cons:-Bare with me, the pros I do believe outweigh the cons; it's just the little things that really annoy me-(-) The background and trees look like a young kid drew them. I mean, I'll help you, creator, if you are going to uses things like that. I can draw stick trees, and though still crappy, it looks *way* better than any of those trees. I mean, how do you get from drawing relatively good NPC profiles to a few lines in the ground that they call ""bushes""(-) 40 tiles for farming? Comeon(-) The creator doesn't update us. People complain about Concerned Ape (Stardew) not saying anything for a couple weeks- or a month, we haven't heard anything from this guy since August as of the end of November (though, STILL not as bad as cubeworld ;3)(-) The names of the NPCS don't appear on their heads after awhile. There are about 30 NPCS you have to know- I don't know half their names.(-) Probably some more things I forgot. I'll update as I go alongSo, my recommendation? Buy the game if you liked Stardew (but don't compare it to Stardew. It just leaves you wanting in some places- like trees) or Harvest Moon.*shrug* You'll either like it, come to like it, or come to like it too late, so why not buy it?"
76561198060404911,Recommended,432010,34097041,Posted: 7 August,all,bluubiird,"World's Dawn is focused more on your relationships with other people than anything else. Because of this, to me World's Dawn feels like it has more heart than Stardew Valley. The characters are much more fleshed out with extra dialogue, and the story feels a little bit more in depth to me.However you lose some of the customization in World's Dawn - Buildings on your farm are pre-placed and you are limited in crop growth much much more. Most Harvest Moon and Rune Factory games are like this too though, so it shouldn't be a game breaker for you. World's Dawn also lacks a combat system, but that's not something I really missed while I was playing it. In Stardew Valley you read the same character text constantly and there's very few event scenes outside of Heart Events, so eventually you end up having to focus on combat due to that and the need to gather materials to upgrade.Don't get me wrong, I love both games. But World's Dawn feels more like a traditional Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons (HM pre Natsume losing publishing rights) and Stardew Valley feels like a Rune Factory game. Sometimes you want to fight through dungeons while waiting for your strawberries to ripen, other times you want to relax and learn more about a village of characters and their relationships while trying to decide who to marry."
76561198041667784,Recommended,432010,34984682,Posted: 15 September,all,freshpickles,"Decent enough game for what it is. It's similar to Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley which is why I decided to play it. I managed to play about 15 hours worth before putting it down for a bit. The controls are a bit clunky at first, quite different from other games I've played, but after a while they feel normal."
76561198205559132,Recommended,432010,35243423,Posted: 27 September,all,ls_rae,"Buckle up, kids, its gonna be a long ride!I read some of the comments and most of them are comparing this game to Stardew Valley which is understandable because they're pretty much the same idea of gameplay but with different stories.I honestly don't know how people can say they like this game MORE than Stardew because, personally, Stardew Valley has everything this game has as well as WAY more things to do. If you haven't played Stardew Valley yet, I recommend just skipping this game and buying that one instead. However, if you, like me, have played Stardew Valley all the way through more times than you can count and are looking for a similar experience, this game is worth a try.Pros:- Same gender dating options (always a perk for me)- Very adorable character designs- Option to change clothing- Pretty scenary- You can talk to special animals!!! <3- Lockball is really funCons:- VERY glitchy, expecially after marriage (some vital items in my inventory will be gone on certain parts of the map and then appear again if I move to a different location, mulitples of the same character in shops, music will occasionally skip, etc etc)- No AM or PM on the clocks- No storage for anything other than clothing so your inventory gets muddled pretty fast- Only 1 skin tone + 1 hair color- Only 3 options for hairstyle- Only possible to date 1 character at a time, so if you want to experience all the possible dating options, you need to replay the entire game 8 times (Stardew Valley gives you the option to date all possible candidates so you can choose who you like the best when its time to marry)- On that note, the characters dialog is so limited so you really can't get to know them that well... (Again, Stardew's characters are much more thought out)- Takes a LONG time to increase characters friendliness towards you- You need certain friendliness levels for certain characters to even unlock their services- When you activate your horse, you only see the horse and not your character riding it which is a bit odd- FISHING IS SO ANNOYING- You can only purchase certain items through TV, so if you miss something, you have to wait till next game year to get itThere's probably more cons that I thought about earlier but I forgetOverall, this game was a good way to waste time, but after awhile I just felt like getting all the achivements cause I HAD to so I was rushing through it and it wasn't really that fun anymore... Stardew Valley is the far superior game but if you've already been there done that, then this one is worth a try (Although I'd wait till its on sale)Thanks for your time and I hope I was able to educate your decision ;)"
,Recommended,432010,35234816,Posted: 26 September,all,Penguijelly,"Well to start off I love the game and everything about it..well maybe except for the occasional glitch.1.The amount of villagers you can interact with and talk to is astounding and they all have different unique dialects.2. The daily chore rotation--wake up do farm stuff-do animal stuff- maybe mine/ or fish and go socilize go to bed is very fun to me.3.fishing in this game is WAY better than SD valley because its not as obnoxious.4.mining in this game isnt as fun as SD valley due to the lack of mine content (just break rock hope for anything roulette) and the amount of energy drain.5.the map (although confusing at first) gets very simple and easy to navigate after maybe 1 in game week or so.6.relationship/marriage and character friendships are very fun to do7.the game doesnt focus on customization of your farm/cropplacement as much due to the fact that your plots of land are placed for you 40 squares above your house and you get room for 2 cows 4 chickens and a horse.8.most of the in game social events let you get rematches so you dont have to wait a WHOLE YEAR for that ONE DAY to retry which is niceAll and all ive read alot of negative reviews which generally focus on how bad the controls are(clearly they havent played Undertale) arrow keys with Z and X for primary buttons its not obnoxious for a game where u just walk around do rotations its not super hard at all not annoying to me in the slightest. Also complaints about the map although a big large to get around and energy wasting once you get a horse its fine also the amount of eden fruit you get to increase energy is good enough to run around without a horse. the game gets better as you progress,If you're looking for a replacemnt game for SD valley i highly recoomend it its 10 bucks not super expensive on sale definate buy.And uh TL;DRgood characters,focuses more on socializing than actual farming, easy to manage, a good stress reliever, easy map, and easy/simple controls."
,Recommended,432010,35378456,Posted: 1 October,all,Halosoulfire,"World's Dawn is straightforward and simple; both from a design and control point of view.  This is fun for anyone who wants to play a version of Harvest Moon or Starview Valley without the maintenance.  World's Dawn is played at the leasure of the player that needs somthing to unwind, just remember to read some of the instructions that are provided in the in-game booklet.The best part, if your character is out of endurance s/he goes to bed; if it get's too late s/he goes to bed, so you don't have to scramble to get home before collapsing or forking out money to get medical treatment."
76561198099049511,Recommended,432010,35510267,Posted: 5 October,all,siren7400,"Recommended!! Buy it if you liked Stardew Valley, or the 'Harvest Moon' style of games, you'll find this game charming and relaxing to play. A hidden gem! Fair price too. Please make more games like this :)"
