user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,432370,28278583,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,emertonom,"It's hard to recommend this game.The game has you interacting with an alien computer, in the aliens' language. That's a daunting prospect, but your character has along two reference books that help reveal some of the vocabulary and syntax of the language, so you're actually able to give fairly good glosses of what the computer says to you.The trouble with this is that you're not actually given access to these reference books, and you don't use them to come up with the glosses. Instead, your character metes out fragments of this information as you interact with the computer, and gives you specific sentences to construct as queries to the computer. It generally takes several tries to construct each query, because the computer only has replies for the specific constructions the author had in mind. If you try to ask something else, the computer will almost invariably reply with one of two phrases: ""I no understand,"" or ""I no able more say than this say."" If, however, you construct the target sentence correctly, then the computer will have some longer answer, and the character's journal will add a page about the gloss for that response, what to ask next, and maybe fill out a few more vocabulary words. This is, more or less, how you know that you've input something valid to the computer.Now, there are two things about this that are frustrating. The first is that the character quickly finds out that the aliens have ""ascended"", and immediately loses all interest in anything other than this ""ascension."" The computer seems fixated on this too; the whole main game dialogue revolves around it. The second is that asking the questions the game instructs you to ask apparently leads to the ""bad ending."" According to the reviews on here by the kickstarter backers, there's also some secret ending, but the structure of the game doesn't encourage exploration; for questions that *are* on the direct path to the bad ending, you're given a target sentence to translate, and you can tell when you've asked the wrong thing, or worded things wrong, or what-have-you, because the computer doesn't give a big response and the journal doesn't update. But for questions not on this direct path, you have no way of knowing whether you've asked the question incorrectly, or the game just didn't program a response to that question. What's more, the game only provides translations for vocabulary once the journal has used it in a gloss of the computer's responses, which severely limits your vocabulary, and thereby limits what you could possibly ask.If the game's ""computer"" had more flexibility, and understood and supplied responses about more of a variety of topics, this would be much more interesting. As it stands, the game is extremely linear and a bit frustrating, and only wants to tell one specific and kind of cliched story. There's the germ of a really interesting idea here, but this game itself really isn't the exploration of that idea you might want it to be."
,Recommended,432370,28228884,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,snoof378,"Sethian is a very different game - it takes place entirely on an alien computer with an intimidating interface.  In order to progress, you must understand the computer's language.  Learning words and phrases is not enough, however, as in order to communicate, you are required to synthesize 'gramatically correct' sentences/questions in this language as well.  This is sometimes easier said than done.However, alongside the mysterious computer, you have your journal (written In English, thank goodness) to guide you along.  Each time you learn more from the computer, it will update with new pages that point you in the right direction for your next inquiry.  The journal seemed overly hand-holding at times, but there are still certain points where it's easy to become confused as to what the game is looking for.That leads to my greatest frustration with the game: it's much more linear than I would have liked in terms of not only how you progress (there are two endings, but only one verbatim path to each, and most of those paths are shared), but in what the computer will answer.  Much of the game is focused on learning about the abstract concepts represented by certain combinations of symbols, and it gets pretty philosophical up in there at times.  But when I tried to engage the computer in a discussion, it almost always came back with the generic 'I don't understand' response.  There are 'non-essential' queries (that is, inputs not required to complete the game) that it will respond to, but they were a small fraction of the questions I wanted to ask.I understand that writing responses to every question you can ask with the provided vocabulary is certainly not feasible, but I just think the game would have had a much greater sense of discovery and self-motivation if the computer provided new information that rewarded the player's correct inputs.  By the end of my time with the game, I was finding it difficult to write new questions that I knew were almost certainly going to be ignored.  In my opinion, several of the required inputs near the end were somewhat arbitrary - by that I mean that I may never have thought to phrase things quite that way, and that to do so would have taken hours of writing things in different forms, with almost all of them being rejected, which would not have been fun.  I looked up how to complete the final phase, which ended up being much simpler than what I had been trying to do.That being said, I love the concept of the game, and I very much enjoyed the times when it worked - when I came up with my own input, and the computer responded, and I was able to surprise myself by semi-understanding its answer.  Although the language was completely alien, I was amazed by my basic level of proficiency after a short time, and how many symbols I had learned.  The game's developer, Grant Kuning, based the game on his experience with learning Chinese (and teaching English) - one of the things it showed me was that learning new languages, while difficult, is not as impossible as I sometimes think.I have a lot of respect for Grant for what he has created, which is a thought-provoking game that delivers on what it set out to do on Kickstarter in 2015.  That he was able to do so on his own, with very little money or prior experience in software development, is all the more impressive.  The final game may have arrived later than he originally intended, but I think it's great that he saw it through, even if it didn't include everything he had originally envisioned.Overall, I enjoyed this game, and I'm glad to have purchased it.  It is not a very long game (I got four hours out of it), but it's cheap enough to take a chance on - and you should.  The world needs more games about language, about learning, about things besides shooting people in the head over and over.  I, for one, am really looking forward to seeing this developer's next project."
76561198070929203,Recommended,432370,32682918,Posted: 23 June,all,Jethro Q. Walrustitty,"As a linguistics student, it's great to see a game about language! I thoroughly enjoyed working out the grammar, and the game makes a daunting challenge mangagable with its dictionary! I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes language, or even just puzzles of other sorts."
76561197967939437,Not Recommended,432370,28720713,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zartheus Golkar,"While I love the idea behind the game and it has plenty of potential, I think that the game barely scratches the surface and feels like it is waiting for a specific question rather than being a true logical computer that can handle a conversation. I would not have minded linear as long as there was more discovery along the way, but it feels too hard to ramp up without guidance, and even so, a bit frustrating to find out that you did not write the question in the way it expected you too. It's ok on sale, to play 2-3h, but hard to recommend otherwise."
76561197995105285,Recommended,432370,26512756,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,non.horation,"This is an interesting little text-based game about trying to interact in a language that you only know academically. Each playthrough is relatively short - it took me about an hour to reach my first ending - but I definitely haven't discovered everything the game has to offer yet (there are a few buttons that I didn't even use). It reminds me a bit of The Dig story-wise but graphically it's just you, the interface and your notebook."
76561198143446670,Recommended,432370,28225234,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,melmoth,"Reminds me of a part of an old Amiga game, Captain Blood.  There too, you got to talk to aliens in an alien language.  I loved that game, and the language part most of all.  So I was really excited to play Sethian.This review is only from an hour and a half of playing, until I got bored, so keep that in mind.  It might get better later.For me, the problem with this game was that it seemed too linear.  There seemed to be too few options of what you could do with the language you learned.  The game seemed to want you to just figure out how to say whatever it wanted you to say, rather than giving you the freedom of exploring and applying what you learned as you saw fit, for your own goals, rather than only those goals the game wanted you to have.Over and over again, the game literally has you type out the sentences it wants you to type.  So it feels like you're just a glorified translator for someone else, rather than a protagonist with his own goals and agency.  The result is more like reading a not so interesting or unique short story, rather than playing a game -- except for the language learning part, which was fun enough for about an hour.  Then I gave it another half an hour to see if it would improve or change, and it didn't.  Then I just lost interest.The interface is deliberately limited and convoluted, seemingly to increase the challenge.  I wound up wishing there was some kind of text interface I could hook up to a computer program of my own making, so I could streamline some of the tedius aspects.  To the game's credit, it did eventually give the player some conveniences, which were well done and I felt very grateful for them.  But it would be nice not to be limited to the clunky UI.Then there's the AI, which is really stupid.  It feels like a text adventure parser from the 80's, and talking to it is just as frustrating.  The game compensates for that by literally telling you what to say.  You only have to figure out how to say it.  It's a pity the AI is still too stupid sometimes to get your meaning unless you say what needs to be said 100% right.  This undermines my suspension of disbelief, as I'm supposed to be talking to a computer program created by some advanced alien race, not an idiot text adventure parser from the 80's.The art and journal really add to the atmosphere of the game, and I really enjoyed reading through it and puzzling over the missing pieces and how to tie it all together.Overall, I'm pleased with this game, despite my interest in it being so short-lived because of its linearity.  I am really looking forward to see what this developer does next.  Truly innovative and intellectual games like this are far too few and far between these days, which is why I starvingly jumped on this title as soon as I saw it."
,Not Recommended,432370,28975119,Posted: 3 January,all,edderiofer,"In another universe, I might have liked Sethian. The game's concept somewhat appealed to me. Working out a new language can definitely be fun; I remember once in high school when I got bored and compared a Russian version of the Bible with the English version, just to see if I could deduce some phrases by this method; that was definitely a fun 20-minute experience. So seeing a game like this definitely piqued my interest.Upon booting, I was instantly hurled into a keyboard with unfamiliar buttons and so on. I feel like this works slightly against Sethian's favour. After a short while, a prompt popped up saying ""Right-click to open the journal"", so I did so.The journal contained some story and some helpful hints to get started (e.g. how to ask ""What are you?""). So naturally, I followed the journal's prompt, keyed in ""What are you?"" and was met with a complete barrage of symbols I didn't understand. Checking the journal again revealed more text explaining what everything was and what to ask next. Alright, fine, fair enough. So I then asked ""What is [some string of symbols]?"" and the computer replied. This went on for some time.One of the things I quite hate doing when it comes to puzzle games is looking up a walkthrough. Having to look up a walkthrough makes me feel like I'm not smart enough to get the solution to the puzzle. But here, in effect, a walkthrough is forced upon the player in the form of the journal. Not being fluent in Sethian (the name of the language in question), I found myself having to read the journal after every single reply to figure out what everything meant, in effect making the journal a walkthrough.The second problem is that later on in the game, you're allowed to right-click a symbol to show what it means (it's a page of the journal). This too is good, only sometimes you end up in a situation where the whole screen is filled with symbols and you need to right-click the tiny spaces in between to get to the part of the journal with the story. UGH.The annoying part is, though, the damn punctuation. Yes, there are pages in the journal that detail how they work, but there's no way to quickly access how to use them other than opening up the journal and flipping through to the page in question. I can't right-click the ""double dot"" symbol and be told how to use it, for example. But the punctuation is so integral to the game, in that not getting your punctuation right results in the computer replying with ""I do not understand"", that this just results in frustration when my questions aren't accepted as valid, simply because I missed out a tiny little dot or used ""._"" instead of ""_."" and didn't notice.What's more annoying, though, is the lack of ability to jump to a space in the input. Having to continually backspace and retype a mistyped answer completely kills the game when it turns out you ""merely"" missed out a dot near the start of your 20-symbol-long sentence.Then I hit a bottleneck, where I was told by the journal that I should ""ask more questions"" about previous things. But every single question I asked was hit with ""I do not understand"", and the journal never updated after this. Was I asking the wrong questions? Or were my questions merely not grammatically correct? There was no way for me to tell.I think this game may have been playtested only by the developers. All signs point to ""the game is really fun if you're already fluent in Sethian"". Fluency in Sethian would completely nullify every single one of my problems, since I probably wouldn't even have to consult the journal at all, and would be able to see if my punctuation were correct. Having removed the language barrier, conversing with the computer might actually be fun. But the point of the game is that youdon'tknow Sethian! And this lack of knowledge has led me to discover all these problems the developers seem to not have picked up on.A good deal of the game might well have been improved had I had an overlay (say, holding down the SHIFT key), to tell me what all the symbols meant so that I didn't have to constantly go back to my reference guides. That way, I might also be able to tell if our sentence was grammatically correct before asking it.Or maybe, if we somehow had the player already know Sethian, but the strain of Sethian used in the game was an unknown dialect of Sethian. Of course, in that case, it may as well have been made in English instead, and would probably have a similar gameplay to The Gostak. But if I had to choose between this game and The Gostak, I would definitely choose The Gostak, because at least there I can actually understand some things without having to constantly resort to an unhelpful manual that never opens to the right page.Yes, these suggestions might ruin the difficulty of the game. But as it is now, I feel like the game's just trying to get in the way of telling a story that may well be interesting. If Braid was a game where, according to Ben Croshaw, ""a game where the gameplay and story are kept in separate rooms with you in the gameplay room looking into the story room via a tiny hole in the dividing wall"", Sethian feels like a game where the gameplay slaps you away every time you try to even peek through the hole. I think I might even have preferred Sethian more had it nothada story.The story, though, was indeed intriguing, and the premise was nice. As it is, though, I constantly ended up mistyping *something*, or not being sure quite what to ask. In short, good concept, unfriendly execution. Get this if you're a polyglot or are training to become one. Otherwise, you're going to have a rough time."
,Recommended,432370,26641961,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Robocephalic,"It's such a weirdly satisfying game. There's a sense of achievement when you've grasped the language enough to compose a sentence without effort, and a kind of thrill when it gives you a new response to puzzle through. More so when you can actually start understanding the responses on your own."
76561198012024082,Recommended,432370,28746786,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,psim_,"Sethian is a very interesting spin on the text adventure genre. Learning the letters and grammar of the Sethian language is really cool as someone who's interested in languages. Building your own sentences correctly and having the computer reply is immensely satisfying. The length and the difficulty, while both fine for me, won't be right for everybody, i.e. some people will wish they had better instructions while others will wish they had more freedom. However, considering that this has been developed by one person, and that it's only a few bucks, I'd definitely advice you to check it out if it seems at all like something that might appeal to you."
,Recommended,432370,34855769,Posted: 10 September,all,Insanitys Muse,"This is another great example of an experience that's really only possible through a game. It is rough around the edges but I loved it early on, I did have to look up something near the end because I thought I was giving the right answer but was off slightly. The biggest flaw it has is looking at the notebook takes you away from the terminal and vice versa, it seems like it wouldn't have been that difficult to implement having both on screen and make the overall experience a lot smoother.If you have a passing interest in languages or linguistics, it's an interesting experience though for sure."
,Recommended,432370,27831592,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Squidcow,"This is the rare game that seems custom-made for linguistics nerds (like myself). Starting with scribbled notes on just a couple of words, you'll gradually pick up the grammar and lingo of an alien language through a serious of exchanges with a computer-bound AI - and discover where you are, and why this offworld city seems abandoned.The game isn't terribly long, though the price is more than fair considering. And with some branching paths, it certainly merits a replay or two. The value really comes from the sense of accomplishment you'll feel as you start to recognize symbols and assemble entirely new sentences without having to reference your notebook."
,Recommended,432370,33725616,Posted: 22 July,all,Reyan,"Really enjoying this so far.  It has pretty heavy handed suggestions for what to do next most of the time (at least so far), but I've also been able to explore and ask the computer other things, and interpret the answers, which is the fun part - it's a pretty good difficulty level for me.  Although having some knowledge of Mandarin seems to be very helpful for this game, as that appears to be a strong influence for the Sethian language :P  My main complaint is that I wish there were fewer and/or less explicit instructions of what to ask next, and more answers to player generated questions.I have never seen a game that attempted anything like this, so I'm really glad this game exists!"
,Recommended,432370,28566647,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Majorlag,"Sethian's premise is intriguing and I was really looking forward to it, however I think it mostly falls short of its potential. I had expected that I would need to construct an understaind of Sethianese more or less from scratch, for instance, working out simple concepts like 'yes' and 'no' from responses to simple statements, building on that by asking the computer simple yes/no questions about concepts to verify understanding, etc. And while there is a little of that early on, there often isn't enough information to piece together the meaning of many base concepts. Instead, you check your in-game journal to find that it has helpfully been filled out with an appropriate translation, your character apparently aware of details of Sethianese that you, the player, are not.Eventually a dictionary, with many missing definitions, opens up to you. At that point I expected the game to have found its footing and the real work to begin, but it was instead tragically close to the first ending.There are two endings, and you can probably reach the first one without any real thought, simply reading the journal translations and plugging in the input it tells you to. The second presumably involves more investigation, which the journal does not apparently aid you in, but I am finding it somewhat frustrating to work out the definition of apparently important concepts and determine which questions to ask. It seems to me to be a significant jump in difficulty, but it is possible my brain just isn't particularly well tuned for this kind of puzzle. I'm fairly certain that, on my death bed, I will still instantly understand the symbols for ""I do not understand"" in Sethianese.All in all, however, the experience is interesting and worthwhile. If my review seems negative, I think it is only because I enjoyed it enough to want it to be more."
,Recommended,432370,28746096,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Iridium,"Pro :+Great concept, great language+Great music+Good designCon :-Too short time to speak and understand without help compared to the time you need to learn-Too many unused symbols (three quarters)-Too linear, too strict"
76561198064527486,Recommended,432370,26512869,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SnakeSlut,"Extremely fun game, very unique and addictive. Very happy the publisher kept up with this. Excited to see what he comes up with next!"
,Recommended,432370,26603249,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mguy,"Fun game. If you like puzzles and languages you'll probably enjoy it. A bit short though, and the ending leaves something to be desired."
76561198001401598,Recommended,432370,28335454,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dios,"An elegant and innovative game. If you have any kind of appreciation for unique works of art, you should play this."
76561198069189583,Recommended,432370,28230610,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,sosostris.star,Instantly fell in love with this game <3
76561198150841465,Recommended,432370,26510868,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nk3123,I like it but I think there is a problem with the diary scroll bar :(
,Not Recommended,432370,26722413,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,{LGA} MEEMSTAR,"You say what are you then you get the response, and you don't know what the heck to do so you watch the traier to see what it meant then it gave you something else and you are confused as heck."
,Recommended,432370,30507861,Posted: 14 March,all,Vinrafel,"Video review:https://youtu.be/RJQEFycXhJMSethian is a very good game. However, it is only for particular people. If you're not into almost completely cerebral problem solving (more or less a form of cryptanalysis), then you won't be interested in this game. Otherwise, it's a good one.For more information see video review above."
,Recommended,432370,28941408,Posted: 2 January,all,Pronoun Noun,"This game is incredibly interesting and attempts to do something I haven't seen done before, have you decipher an alien language. It's worth playing just to experience this, it's an interesting experiment to which much more can be done. The plot is quite simple, you stumble across an alien civilisation which appears to no longer be around and you stumble across a terminal which only works in the native language. Fortunately you have two reference books which help you along but don't necessarily fully describe everything about the language. It's your job to decipher the rest of this language.There are some issues with this game. To start with it only lasts for a few hours, therefore it's probably only going to last you one sitting [it is worth mentoning there are two endings so don't quit once you get the first obvious ending]. This may mean more to some people than it does others. It depends how you quantify value versus money spent. It's a cheap game but you don't get much playtime. There isn't an awful lot of replay value either once you've gotten the two endings.Another issue is that these guidebooks  are never seen and the game mainly takes place in your characters notebook with your character drip feeding you, the player, the bits you need from these guidebooks. This creates a dissonance between player and character. It also turns out there are only like 5 or 6 words and phrases which haven't been accurately documented, this along with the character dripfeeding you what the computers response meant and also the meaning and syntax and the questions you should ask the computer makes this game suprisingly linear. There are so many words you never deal with and aspects of the language which are never completly explained.It feels a bit like GCSE languages at times, you're given written examples and have to use these to generate a new sentence which uses different nouns. E.g. you're given the french for I went to the swimming pool and are then given the word for the cinema and are asked to write I went to the cinema, it's not rocket science. It never feels like you're actually deciphering the language but just riding the coattales of two people cleverer than you.The endings are also not particularly satsfiying. It requires you to care about your character but you aren't ever really told anything about your character. The notebook is strictly practical.Another big issue is that the language is unrealistically simple. You don't have to learn many exceptions and double meanings and tense also seems to not be a thing.On top of this the progression curve to get the good ending is wonky. To get the bad ending is not much of a challenge. It's not that challenging to start on your journey to the good ending either. However, your character suddenly stops writing in the notebook. It's like riding a bike, at one point your parents are holding you up and then suddenly you turn around and they are down the other end of the road. It goes from follow the notebook to no communication. There notes should have got progressivly vaguer but instead they stay the same until they go. The notes also make it seem like there is only one ending.In conclusion, the game clearly is a prototype something which could be used to make a much better and more fufilling game. It is an experience I think is worth playing but it doesn't really work as a complete game. It's a good experience and opens up your mind to what games can be. It just never realises it's potential. The developer worked hard to create a new language but then was never really able to put the game on top of it. But if you're at all interested in the concept then definitly give it a go just be aware the game does write a check it can't quite cash."
76561197994942167,Recommended,432370,30117624,Posted: 23 February,all,simonjordan557,"Typed out review then lost it. Not typing it out again. This game is original, well-executed, enjoyable, short. Great UI, font design, music. All positives for me. Narrator's diary sometimes holds your hand too much. Game is at its best when you use knowledge of sentence structure to ask your own questions. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,432370,28154990,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,quollism,"An experimental adventure-puzzle game in which you discover the mysteries of an alien world by chatting with a computer using a symbol language. Learning to communicate in the language (with help from notes) makes up the puzzle aspect. Compelling and atmospheric with a spacey ambient soundtrack, Sethian is not without its frustration points but as a game it definitely works, especially for lovers of science fiction and linguistics."
76561198030862623,Recommended,432370,28246304,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Budgie,"A fun little game, if a bit linear at times. Recommended in particular for anyone with an interest in linguistics."
,Recommended,432370,31477504,Posted: 30 April,all,Xemu,"Fascinating game about deciphering an alien language.  A unique experience, and an excellent hybrid of linguistics, puzzle solving, and narrative.  Highly recommended if you find the concept interesting."
76561198170440797,Recommended,432370,34341011,Posted: 18 August,all,Penrose,"Sethian is an exceelent, intelligent puzzle game that fels like a breath of fresh air. You must learn how to read and write an alien language through nothing more than your interactions with a computer and the notes you've taken. It's a great, enjoyable game that I found abosultely amazing.It did, at times however, feel like the notebook gave you too much information, and that the challenge was a bit diminished because of it. I often found myself trying to decipher and figure things out on my own instead of looking at the notebook simply for the challenge of it because I knew that if I did in fact open to the journal entry, I would have lost out on the enjoyment."
