user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,433100,21540136,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,f0rmality,"I don't really know what to say. I guess let's start with the obvious. If you are looking for a scary game, this is not it, if you are looking for a game at all, this is not it.I suppose you could call it an experience, but it is not something to enjoy. It's dreadful. It'll make you feel sick to your stomach, you'll cringe, cover your eyes, and wonder why the hell you're even doing this.It accomplishes exactly what it wanted to. It's essentially, a first person experience of the memories of a patient from before mental illnesses were treated properly, and the consequences that it has on said patient.At times it almost feels like a documentary, one that you're doing yourself, other times it feels a bit like Shutter Island. But the whole time has this atmosphere - it isn't a scary one necessarily, but a filthy one. Both physically, emotionally, mentally, morally, you feel dirty playing this game. Like you need to take a shower afterwards, or maybe sit in the fetal position at the bottom and cry.Sure, it's tense, but mostly you'll be wrestling with emotions. Sometimes it's disgust, sometimes it's pity, or confusion, I didn't know how to take any of it. Because nothing that occurred was anyones fault, it's just a culmination of so many problems, that nobody knew how to deal with. It's hard to witness something so horrific without someone to blame.I could relate it to reading on the Nazi concentration camps, but the difference is there's someone there to blame, to hate for it all, but here, I just don't know. And the game knows that too, offering certain options which exempt everyone of responsibility, or blame certain parties, but as onlookers, we can't know for sure, and to claim otherwise is just ignorant.To the simpler things:- the graphics are beatiful- great optimization (120fps most of the time, occassional drops to 80)- solid voice acting- a story that sticks with you- thick atmosphere, wonderfully realized setting- multiple paths through certain chapters- sometimes things get lost in translation but it's rare- there are occassional bugs- lots of invisible walls- difficult to decide where to go, especially if you're prone to exploration- no sprint button makes things very slow, annoyingly slow on occassionLook this, ""game,"" is wonderfully terrible. It's meant to be something that's tough to stomach and that often disturbs you. It's an analysis of what Outlast simply wore as a costume to jump out and yell ""boo!""Do not buy this if you're looking for a scary game. But if what I've described sounds like something you might want to try, then absolutely buy it. But be warned, this is a phenomenally horrific thing to have to witness."
,Recommended,433100,23656451,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,AestheticGamer,"The Town of Light is a first-person exploration psychological horror game about a woman named Renée, who after many years returns to an old mental asylum she spent her teenage years at, and reflects both on her past and her present. During the process, the game deals with a number of interesting, but disturbing, themes in explicit detail, ranging from the sense of identity of self from going through such an experience, if you can truly feel like you're 'you' in a situation where the world tells you who you are is wrong, sexual identity and exploration while in a locked-in facility, and being taken advantage of in a number of ways when people try to exploit and empower themselves through your lack of ability to defend yourself.If any of what I just said peaks your interest, I would recommend checking it out. It's a narrative-based journey, and it explores its themes with a level of tact and maturity, but also know it doesn't censor itself and there is graphical details that many may not be comfortable with or want to experience. As a narrative, it succeeds, not to be shocking, revolting, or even specifically to shake you up, but it simply tells a series of true stories and scenarios people experienced in mental asylums in the early 1900s, specifically that in Italy, and the sad fact the scars these places left on the people inside to make it the only place many of them ever knew as a home. The narrative is mostly straight-forward, and there is but one ending, but there is actually a few branching paths and sections with different levels or variations of levels in the second half of the game based on some gameplay choices you make.It is also worth noting the game does well with its audio, maybe with the exception of voice acting (which is a little rough, but also not very frequent), but the music fits the moods of the scenes well, with a few stand-out tracks. Ambiance is also ripe in the title, and there are all sorts of small yet interesting environmental sounds.Now, while what it does narratively I feel it succeeds at, I think it does have a few rough edges. Graphically it is a bit uneven, with some areas looking pretty good, and some coming off as quite rough. The game isn't always entirely clear in what you need to do next, which will lead to moments where you may spend some time wandering, looking for whatever it is you missed. Take so long, and she'll tell you directly where to go (and you can enable choice hints to activate at any time), but it feels there could of been some clearer and more intuitive ways to do this. I also feel some people will not be satisfied by the ending, as it does seem to come a bit abruptly and not really climax well to the point, but I liked it for what it was and the sort of story it was trying to tell.Also do know the game has some graphic depictions. It doesn't shy away from these really detailed and gruesome pictures of how to perform surgery, everything from dissecting a hand, to peeling back the layers of someone's skull. They're morbid, and not all will swallow these old procedures in visual detail well. Likewise, the game doesn't shy away from the graphical depiction of nudity and sexual harassment/abuse. Worth noting, but also know it does handle these themes with a level of tact and doesn't use them for shock value.In the end, what the game should be experienced for is its narrative. There are interesting scenes and a few light puzzles, but it goes to put you in the shoes of a woman coming to terms with herself, and on that front, I feel it succeeds. It is very much a walking simulator with light gameplay elements and puzzles, and a few scenes of surrealism edge you go through, but it stays mostly grounded and explores an unfortunate history. If that's what you're looking for, there is a lot to like here, and its execution is mostly well done, and both explores its story and history with respect, yet doesn't shy away from some of the harder to swallow details. Yet, despite the harshness of it, it also gives off a strangely warm vibe in an overall sense. An interesting journey for those who want a narrative-driven exploration game."
76561198080566223,Recommended,433100,21513970,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kjah4201,"I rarely ever write reveiws for games....maybe once or twice, out of the nearly 200 games I've played on steam. But this game man....this game was one the most beautiful, most well done, amazingly acted and written, yet most disturbing games ive played (in my opinion) on steam ever. Not one of those many, if not most, jumpscare and in your face horror games. No...the horror you feel is 100% psychological and leaves you feeling cold inside, the only true horror ive ever felt from a video game in my life was just now with this amazing work of art. Money well spent and worth every penny if not more if i had to. I just completed the game 20 minutes ago, and tomorrow i'm playing it again, because its THAT incredible to me. 10/10PLAY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,433100,26739350,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"The Town of Lightis an interesting title developed and published by LKA. Utilizing what appears to be the Unity 4 engine (from what I can tell anyway), this is a walking simulator/psychological horror game which explores a mental institution in Italy circa the 1930's/1940's. As you may or may not be aware, mental health facilities at the time regularly employed electric shock, extremes of cold and heat, lobotomies, and other harsh methods to try and cure mental disabilities. Unfortunately, many of these did more harm than good, and The Town of Light explores this archaic method of ""healing"" (I say archaic, but many of these methods are still employed today, with arguably the exact same results).This game is available to be played normally or using a VR headset. I played the normal version using a 360 gamepad.StoryAs mentioned above, The Town of Light focuses on mental health as it was dealt with during the WWII era. Specifically, you travel through a decrepit and empty mental health facility in Italy, experiencing everything through the eyes of a mysterious Renee. Is she a ghost or is she simply perceiving the world around her differently? Is she even Renee? Are her personalities split or is she speaking to spirits? Throughout your exploration of this facility and the surrounding grounds, you will explore these questions and more. I found the story to be fascinating, somewhat creepy, and definitely incredibly sad. This game has feels, and for those of you are incredibly sensitive, this will be a tumultuous experience. Even those with hard hearts will feel something by the end. In fact, that ending....I wont spoil it for you, but that ending was pretty intense.This story was handled incredibly well, and I give it a straight 10 out of 10. I found no flaws in the story telling and the story itself was memorable and compelling.GameplayThe gameplay in The Town of Light is classic walking simulator/psychological horror fare. You wander around, exploring the institute and the surrounding grounds. As you explore and solve some minor puzzles, more of the building will become accessible, and with that, memories will be unveiled which reveal more and more of the story. You achieve this by interacting with various objects found throughout. Some objects can be examined but have no impact other than to flesh out the world, while others are integral to the games progression.The pacing was interesting. At first (the first two chapters), The Town of Light moves very slowly. I think during this intro period, this game loses some of its audience. However, from that point on, the pacing in this game is near flawless. At times, you move about slowly, and these tend to be the more introspective moments. At others, your pace increases to match your desperation or excitement. This is a subtle but effective gameplay mechanic.That's about all there is to things gameplay wise. I experienced no technical issues during my playthrough with one exception. There is a playground in the game, and at a certain point, you return there. At that point, when I interacted with the swings and such, it deactivated my gamepads R3, and when I switched to k/m, nothing changed. This means you lose your field of view and can only look straight forward. I had to go back to the previous save to fix this (and not touch anything in the playground afterwards). Fortunately, the autosaves are generous and you can manually save as well.All told, with the one bug notwithstanding, I give this category a 9 out of 10. Arguably the best handling walking simulator/psychological horror game I've playedGraphicsThe graphics in The Town of Light were stunning. As I made mention of in my intro, it looks like they used the Unreal 4 engine. While I might be mistaken, there is no mistaking the amazing level of detail in this game. Every blade of grass, every splash of light is done to perfection. Within the institute itself, this buoyant images change to dark and foreboding, weathered and decayed. At every moment, this game displays an astounding mastery of graphics to evoke different emotions.An easy 10 out of 10 here.AudioTo the degree where ambient sounds factor in, I thought they were handled well in The Town of Light. For the most part, they stayed exactly where they were supposed to: in the background. The music was perfect for the tone and setting. In fact, Madama’s Dorè Chorus did a wonderful job at breathing life into the setting via their wonderful orchestrations.What I found most compelling however was the voice acting. This was incredibly well done. Given the topic matter and desolation involved both in setting and story, the voice acting made a difficult task sound easy. The English voice actors were: Flaminia Fegarotti (who plays the main character: Renee) and Cryaotic (who handles the male voices in the game). Obviously Flaminia's is the voice you hear throughout the majority of the game, and she manages to sound both familiar and yet deeply disturbed all at once.I think 9.5 is the perfect score for this category.VerdictThe Town of Light is a compelling and relevant title that will change your outlook and give you insight into mental health issues from a very unique perspective. You will likely care deeply about the main character, Renee, and will develop a connection with her that you will contemplate for a while afterwards. It took me about 4.5 hours to complete, and there is replay value, going back to see a few different story arcs (although they all lead to the same ending). I would call The Town of Light a must play game and one of the most relevant games to release in quite a while.9.6 flashbacks and memories leading to one inevitable conclusion out of 10 possible."
,Recommended,433100,32735334,Posted: 24 June,all,d i n k y ㅇㅅㅇ,"I really liked this game, I completed the game today, played from start to finish because I couldn't put the controller down to be honest :)I really liked this game because it is completely story driven. It is about a young girl who suffers a lot through her life and her mothers desperate attempt to help her but there's also elements of abuse done by her mother. I think it tells many stories, the struggles of women(back when mental asylums where a thing, women could be emitted to a ward forcefully, by parents or husband. Many women where also labeled with hysteria, a mental condition no longer recognized), the struggles of the people who where and are mentally ill, and the abhorrent treatment of these people. If you don't know much about history, know that humans have never been kind to those we consider different or less intelligent. Mental health wasn't a real thing, it wasn't really recognized for decades and as such people who suffered from things like depression or anxiety where easily misunderstood and placed in these facilities. It tells the story of how these people where treated and the consequences of them.I liked that the game made Reene doubt her memories, because this is something I think a lot of people with mental health issues can relate to. Your self confidence and selfworth crumbles and you begin to doubt yourself. Maybe they are right? Maybe it is just me? Maybe I really am just crazy and bad and I deserve everything? I felt I could relate to it and it made the character feel relatable too.This game contains sexual abuse, I thought I'd mention this if this can trigger or cause discomfort for anybody looking to buy the game. It's however dealt with respectfully.Oh and, since so many people don't get it: Press H or back/select on your gamepad and she will literally tell you where you need to go next."
,Recommended,433100,29768317,Posted: 7 February,all,ouroboros,"As a professional working in mental health care, I can highly recommend this game to anyone who is even remotely involved in psychiatry or has a relative diagnosed with a serious psychiatric condition to better understand despair, isolation and vulnerability these patients can sometimes experience.I congratulate the developers on their great achievement in bringing to life this well-written and deeply touching story, and hope that by making all of us at least a bit more attentive and caring it will help to ease the pain of those who are in need."
76561198011810582,Recommended,433100,23657191,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Buffy,"Story about a woman trapped for 7 years in a mental institution. It is honest, realistic and most of the time quite hard to endure. It's nothing for children or young teenagers as it contains some really disturbing topics and images. Nevertheless it is flawlessly done. :)"
,Recommended,433100,23375961,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,whenstorytellersplaygames,"Hi all, we finished playingThe Town of Lightand we think it might be one of the most important games we played because:1. Through the gameplay, we get to experience the mind of a mental patient and experience her version of reality. Irregardless of which reality is real, the experience / emotions that Renee had, was real. If we haven played this game, we might not have understood the situation.2. We learn a little about history, mental hospitals and their past. We are grateful that the situation in mental hospitals, medical advancement and technology has progressed these past years.It's a very difficult experience for us to play, because it's not a ""fun"" game, psychological horror is..very real, and we believe this is part of real life and it can be a tough situatuation, therefore a tough game to sit through. (But we are glad we did)A must play for everyone, highly recommended."
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,433100,21670831,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"The Town of Light takes a mature, serious look at the (mis)treatment of the mentally ill and the dehumanization and loss of self and power that results from being institutionalized. The game is purportedly based on true events, though the story told is unfortunately common enough that it doesn't really matter. Taking place in late '30s to early '40s Italy, you rummage through a derelict mental hospital triggering story beats through exploration and light puzzle solving. The narrative is depressing, the outlook is disheartening, but the game is not particularly any good.There's a confusion of identity in The Town of Light, and it doesn't feel like an intentional design decision to help the player identify with the plight of the main character Renee. The game tries to create an atmosphere by avoiding cheap jump scares in favor of disorientation and unease, which I'm generally in favor of. The execution is spotty at best; it tries to present itself as “realistic”, but falls back on tired horror game tropes like endless hallways, creaky doors, howling wind, and the entire premise of the rusted, abandoned mental institution is entirely unnecessary. A period piece set contemporaneously with Renee's story would have been more than sufficient, and probably more powerful. Instead you're asked to wander hallways either endlessly without much direction, or ask for help and be pointed directly where you need to go to progress to the next chapter. This isn't exactly a well designed game. None of this is helped by the painfully slow walking speed, finicky cursor, or sometimes poor translation and spotty voice work, which all add to kill the pace of the game. There are good concepts here, they're just buried under quite a bit of chaff.This is an “art” game and a walking simulator, and without diving head first into the debate about what the definition of a “game” is I still have to question why this exists in video game form when it would have worked just as well if not better in other mediums. The Town of Light tries to be a jack of all trades, mixing hand drawn static art, non-interactive cutscenes, letter correspondence, and traditional video game first person navigation and puzzle solving. The video game portions are the weakest, with an inconsistent frame rate, confusing level design, and unintentionally goofy interactions that derail any mood the game was aiming for. A graphic novel, animated short, or even a podcast would have resulted in a more cohesive experience.The issues of mental health and the barbaric treatment of those who suffer from the affliction are important topics that are usually swept under the rug, even today. While it's refreshing to see games like The Town of Light tackle and expose this head on it's not a free pass for a shoddy game, especially when it's been done better before. Watching the trailers and reading the description for the game I was hoping for something as powerful as The Cat Lady (which had shades of Silent Hill), but upon completion I just felt hollow and a bit annoyed by an unremarkable, forgettable couple of hours. For those who want a real (as in: really real) look at the subject there are documentaries like Titicut Follies. For anyone who wants fiction about institutionalized horrors that are set in the same location and time period, there are films like Salo for the truly hardcore. The Town of Light just seems like an admirable but unnecessary attempt to capture the lessons of those better works, but don't tell the developers that. In perhaps one of the least tasteful and garish displays of self-congratulation, some of the first interactive objects found in the game are a couple of awards for Best Storytelling the game received that you're free to pick up, rotate, zoom in on, and just admire. That's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cheesy and a great example of how they just don't quite get it."
,Recommended,433100,24202911,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,.Frost.,"A sickening insight into the world of old mental asylums. This recounts the horrible and experimental  treatment of patients that was considered humane, back in the 1930s to 1940s. A beautiful story with some intense heart felt moments, that leave the player asking how could such barbaric treatment occur.The graphics and sound are basic, but help convey the sinister message of what mental health used to be like. I believe this game show cases some true taboo subjects and will lead you to an ending you will not forget.Only down fall, was some of the repetitious sequences and the game could have been optimised better. Overall an enjoyable narrative, with some real meaning. Thanks to the developers for creating such an insightful and surprisingly rich story.I give this 4 out of 5 Beers.Cheers,Frost"
76561197980008966,Recommended,433100,23508434,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lvl 4 Cybold,"This is the rare horror game where the horror stems from the very real, very human stories of the women who were committed to asylums, and the game is heartbreakingly poignant. On top of that the graphics are simply beautiful and often disturbing, and it truly provides the sense of being there.If you enjoy games like Gone Home or Dear Esther then this will be your kind of game."
76561198086542708,Recommended,433100,21490994,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,UnimaginativeHandle,"No sprint is one of the things that wrecks horror/exploration games for me.Apart from that & the fact that it also does the 'slow down even more when the character is talking' thing that some games do, this game was pretty much flawless for me. The graphics, art, sound, lighting, voice acting, cutscenes, story, the fact that it gave me a flashlight but it wasn't pitch black; I was interested all the way through. I'm playing through it a second time, right after finishing the first time.Well worth it."
76561197974105367,Recommended,433100,22952323,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,METAL,"what an incredible game.a very good psychological drama were the protagonist asks her self about her own sanity. it touches on subjects like sexual desire, imaginary friends, the human mind and how psychiatrists thought that lobotomy and electroshock treatment (which are shown) were a solution to treat the mentally sick at that time. other themes like nudity and sexual harassment so as abuse are being shown as well.this game is not for sensitive people who have issues with the mentioned themes. but if you can accept all of that, you get an emotional and mature title were the developers clearly did a lot of research about mental illness and the incident that may have occurred.it is a slow game and most chapters have several outcomes were some choices you make, which are like giving advice to the protagonist, make the protagonist think what could have happened.i got the game when it is 33% off but i think that even the asked price it is worth. its just an incredible ride in to the sanity of people and how it affects society, the doctors and even the patients them self.it looks detailed and captures you immediately with its atmosphere and themes. i have noticed some minor clipping and for some reason, it even brought my GPU down to its knees. the game ran smooth on max settings but my r9 290x was constantly on full throttle and running hot.also a bit aggravating is that you cant skip the dialog. also no checkpoint systems. this means when you are in the middle of a chapter and you exit it, you have to start this chapter from the beginning again and do all of the choices again too.the voice acting isnt good either but she spends most of her time reading letters and reports which sound like any person would read them.never the less; i can highly recommend this game."
76561198116617627,Recommended,433100,23532389,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Duranakin,"It's gut wrenching in places and truly tragic. Possibly the best story telling i've ever seen. It's incredibly engaging.I doubt I'll ever play this again, but I'm glad i did at least once."
,Recommended,433100,24259085,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,monsoonknight,"I just spent 4 hours growing attached to a 16 years old girl and watches as she succumbs to madness and depression. I watched as she tried to end her life, and cling to it, then to lose all hope again. Her ending will haunts me.I will not play this again."
76561198273641678,Recommended,433100,31758140,Posted: 14 May,all,xraygal2016,"If you like lonely phsychological story games then this is a good one, it's very dark though and has an unarguably upsetting storyline.  The main protagonist Renee comes off as a little loopy from the get go but it keeps you intrigued.  If you're not careful you can wind up aimlessly walking for hours mind and Renee only has one speed which is medium at best.  Interactions with your surroundings are minimal, you can pick things up and examine them but you get little for this.  Objects of note are paper clues and video/photo projectors.  Other findings are triggered by simply walking into the right place.  Overall it's a good story based on some truths which makes it even more devastating so i'd give it:Gameplay: 7/10Graphics: 9/10 (some good indie cartoon styles in there too with some flashback segments)Music/atmospheric achievement: 10/10Story: 10/10 (though i still feel a little disturbed...but i think that was the aim! So well done guys!)"
,Recommended,433100,34318127,Posted: 17 August,all,Coreplant,"This game isn't for everybody.It's beautiful, it's surreal, and it's heartbreaking.It's also firmly in the 'walking simulator' genre with some mild puzzles included.But that's almost irrelevant in the strength of the story it tells. It tells of pain, suffering, mental illness, and the medical practices of an asylum in the past. It's unflinching in it's depiction of how horrible those times were. And in how poorly mental illnesses were understood. The pacing is just slow enough to let the horror of it unfold for you - it's not a conventional horror game, but this is definitely a horror game.There's top-notch voice acting, multiple paths to maybe multiple endings, but even if there's only the one ending I know I'm going to replay this to find out what else happens along the way.And I'm going to cry each time."
,Recommended,433100,32797997,Posted: 25 June,all,CymTyr,"Okay... Where to begin.... Do I do pro's and cons? HMMM. What is that color I smell?Seriously, if you want insight into mental health, what people with psychosis experience, fear, and perceive, get this game. Are the graphics top notch? No, actually they're pretty dated. The story is what you'll be buying this game for.It's not long, either, but it does offer replayability because of different endings. The story is sad, true in the sense that while the character is fictitious, it's happened a LOT to a lot of people going through the mental health battlefield, and still stings just as much, whether you guess what's going to happen or not.I have a mental illness, and the speech at the end of the game made me cry mantears, because it's true. Sorry, I can't say more because I don't like adding spoilers in my reviews.Still on the fence? If you want to support the movement to create more games focused around mental health and helping to fight stigma, GET THIS GAME. It'll break all but the most soulless of hearts, or those who just don't care about other humans, which equates to the same thing for me.HOPE THIS HELPS! 4.5/5"
,Recommended,433100,25495284,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,GreyCatz,"The Town of Light (ToL), developed by LKA, is the most fascinating game I've played so far. At first it seems like every horror/slasher game you've ever played, but it slowly dawns on you that ToL is much worse!Firstly, before even starting the game, do take the time to read the Diary (included for free in later versions), and you'll find yourself in a world of schizophrenic mania moving between the real world of fascist Italy in the late 1930s and the confusing, but always painful, world of delusion and despair as experienced by 16-year-old Renee T.Next, the story begins in 2016 and appears to be the usual 'walk down memory lane' as you seemingly revisit a closed-down mental facility (Charcot) to seek answers. But the lines between now and then (1937 onwards) soon dissolve and you are not even sure who you are - quite literally: The female narrator refers to herself as Renee and you, the player, seem to be Renee, except the narrator also refers to Renee as a third person.Now, as you gather experience, memories and medical documents, the scene is set for a descent into the ghoulish psychiatric practices of early 20th-century Italy (and most other European countries). And this is not a pretty sight. Add to this that ToL is based on actual data and facts brought to life by the character known only as Renee T. and it becomes almost documentary in its format while offering the player the chance of influencing the course of events (though not entirely).Ultimately, the game ends on what can only be described as the most heart-wrenching note imaginable. Over the course of some 6 hours or more, you come to identify with Renee and learn things about her time at Charcot that are guaranteed to have you in tears at the end.If you decide to play ToL (and you really should), be forewarned: This is NOT a horror game. It is NOT an action/adventure or even exploration game (although there is quite a lot of wandering about inside and outside Charcot). And that's probably the greatest achievement by LKA - they've created one of the most emotionally and psychologically taxing game experiences in years. Not by conjuring up ludicrous monsters or graphic images of our deepest fears and worst nightmares, but through the simple and very effective medium of reality. This really took place; we actually used to do this - in Italy and in a lot of other countries, including my own.The game design is stunning with free-roam that allows you to explore the grounds and take in the beauty of Tuscany and the details of the Charcot buildings. The progression is fundamentally linear, but LKA clearly tried to convey the feelings and horrors consuming Renee by using just about every trick in the dramaturgical book: From time lapses to visual/audio confusion and endless mazes. And to very good effect. There aren't too many interactive options (you can't jump and you can't fall off edges), but that quickly becomes irrelevant because everything you can do has major consequences.I cannot fully express how impressed I am with The Town of Light, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is ready for something a bit off the beaten path, yet is open to a story-line that goes far beyond any horror game currently available."
76561198084841887,Recommended,433100,28672092,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"The Town of Light is a psychological horror/thriller game that recreates the events of a teenage girl who gets placed into an Italian mental asylum in 1938. It's a point and click narrative style game (aka walking simulator) by a small developer but don't let that deter you. The storyline is captivating, the atmosphere it creates is eerily haunting and it makes you want to keep playing, even after learning of the horrors that occurred and when you know you should stop and you don't really want to know what happened, the game draws you in.The game tells one of the best stories I've ever played through in a walking simulator game, and it keeps you engaged, wanting to learn more throughout. Definitely one of the best games I've ever played and certainly one that got to me at a couple of points, making me feel sick from the gruesome details. For the price, it's practically a steal, you have to play it. I didn't think I'd like it when I saw it but I bought it based on a friend's recommendation and I don't regret it one bit."
76561198134352341,Recommended,433100,23282002,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,flecka,The game worth the money spent. Very sick and twisted story. With diffrent endings makes you want to redue chapters again to see what happens. Totally recommended.
76561198138724227,Recommended,433100,22764774,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ItFactorScott,"Playing this game was rough, it gets dark, very dark (and not just from a lighting standpoint, but I don't recommend having brightness on the lowest setting like I did unless you like getting lost) and deals with a tough subject that people still often ignore today. No jump scares, no spooky things chasing you around. Its a psychological thriller, more of an interactive story than an all out game with some very cool (albeit a little disturbing) hand drawn style flashbacks/cutscenes. Plus an ending that hit me hard as over the short time span of the game I developed a strange attachment for the player Character, Renee.It looks good and runs well. Takes about 3 hours to complete but I still found it worth the price of admmision.It's not all good of course, voice acting isn't exactly up to Rise of the Tomb Raider standards. As mentioned earlier it is a very dark game and your flashlight is pretty terrible and it has very basic mechanics. graphics aside you can tell this game had a low budget and an inexperienced dev team.And yet I enjoyed not enjoying every second of it and would do it all over again. I recommend it to anyone who puts story before running around pewpewing stuff."
,Recommended,433100,26450064,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fromlostdays,"If you're looking to hide, fight, or flee, this isn't your game. This game is a slow burn, and the anxiety mounts over time. It's 100 percent narrative driven. While you can explore, from my experience it isn't necessary unless you want to get some achievements for visiting places. The main plot is moved forward in a non diffuse way - you can look around but you won't find many secrets hiding in corners, and in general won't be rewarded for searching. There's no need, because unraveling the story is enough and going off the beaten path would just be a distraction. The narrator herself can give you hints if you get stuck, and does so without breaking the narrative. The environment is great, the voice acting great, and the story told is ... impressive. It's uncomfortable in places, unbearable in places, and beautiful throughout."
76561197972472496,Recommended,433100,26479574,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,tricky ★★★★★,"Special games for special people. Definitely not for everyone. Another gem like Dear Esther. Disturbing, not casual.."
,Recommended,433100,29548865,Posted: 28 January,all,CREED,"I can Honestly say I have never played a game that made me feel more disgusted in my life.  I played this game thinking it would be an Outlast type game,  but it's much deeper than that.  This game has much more feeling to it than any other thriller game out there.  Although it only took me about 3 hours to beat this thing,  I enjoyed hearing the story all the way through to the end.  Great game"
,Recommended,433100,21541029,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,audapostrophe,"Highly recommened.An exceptional and thoughtful, adult story presented in finely crafted narrative. It's very rare, even in media other than video games, that delicate material like this is handled so well. I remained engaged throughout the entire first playthrough. I plan on playing through this again making some different choices.I'm not a fan of traditional walking sims but this is proves to be an exception to the rules of pooly implemented storytelling. Don't hesitate to purchase and experience this for yourself."
76561198008857802,Recommended,433100,28335029,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Knives McDeath,"This was very memorable and got me reading about some of the things in the game-- probably the best praise you can hand something, as the greatest sin most games commit is to be forgettable or cliched. If you're looking for a short game (and some of us are), as well as something that tackles important subject matter, then this is a pretty good use of an evening.You'll tour an abandoned psychiatric facility in Italy (accurately modeled on a very real place), and you'll find out exactly what you think about how it would have felt to be there. And to never leave. It's not a scary game in the conventional sense, but if you're like me you'll finish the game and then be on wikipedia afterward, which is where you'll find the true horror-- the facts about our treatment of the mentally ill in the 20th century.High marks for this game that sincerely takes on challenging material."
76561198122017491,Recommended,433100,32091154,Posted: 31 May,all,junyper1983,"Beautiful and a good story, pretty dark too. Short game but I felt worth it. The chapters vary depending on your choices so there is replay value to this game.  The only part that stunk was the map does not show where archive is and it took forever to find it but it was still enjoyable. Lots to explore and find and do."
76561198030424814,Recommended,433100,21558085,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kitsydemon,"One of the best stories I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. I assumed it was scary, a horror game, creeping around and waiting for a pop up scare but it's not. This game will lead you through so many experiences, so many emotions, you can't help but be just as much in the dark as the main character, Renee.I had not had played a game that has delved as deeply into my emotions as this game has in a very long time. I recommend this game for the deep, terrifying, and amazing story, and rode each emotion to its peak."
76561198140299850,Recommended,433100,21507339,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,foofaraw,"The Town of Light is not for every gamer, only those with a heart and soul; those who care passionately about the suffering in the world. This journey requires patience and time, but will reward those willing to give TO the experience of a game, instead of mostly taking, as we usually do. Prepare to suffer, and to hurt terribly in this opportunity to grow as a human being. There will be no turning back.The Town of Light is almost certainly the most horrific game I’ve ever played, but not as the average gamer may expect. I just finished my first playthrough, and I have to wonder if this really even a game. It has the characteristics of a game. It has goals, it has a beginning and an end. It even has Steam achievements! Though it offers little or no fun or pleasure, it does provide the feeling of having the ability to change the player forever, and that should certainly sometimes stand as a replacement for entertainment. (Though offline time isn’t tracked by Steam, I’d estimate about 4 hours so far.)The Town of Light is advertised as being based on fact, and of that I have no doubt. It takes place in Italy, but could be any country in the world in the mid-20th century, when care for the mentally ill was more along the lines of warehousing and concealment than actual treatment. A woman in modern times returns to the asylum where she had been housed as a 16-year old starting in the late 1930s, in a desperate attempt to find herself, to learn who she was, and who she may still be. The building she remembers is currently being demolished, so she finds herself stumbling her way through the debris of the building, as well as the debris of what remains of her mind and her life. The player is shown memories of the horror this child underwent, from early♥♥♥♥♥♥by male employees and being tied to her bed for weeks on end, to the death of her mother, which was withheld from her for two years. The walls are decorated with the most horrific medical posters depicting barbaric surgical practices ranging from removing a patient’s fingers to flaying their faces and operating on eyeballs.The Town of Light has perhaps the BEST graphics I've ever seen in any game in my life....... sometimes almost too detailed. Though I have the most powerful i7 gaming laptop available about a year ago, I found myself decreasing all graphics settings to “medium” from “ultra”, as the game steadily slowed. Loading the game to continue playing required waiting so long that I literally started playing another game on my second PC each time. I’d guess three to four minutes, even with the graphics turned way down. (EDIT: Improved tremendously by changing PC settings to use appropriate graphics CPU, though this should not be necessary.) The movement is therefore quite jerky, but not unbearably so, Perhaps this will be fixed in time. (EDIT: If you have this issue, look up info in a pinned discussion.)Some of The Town of Light was lost simply because I don’t read Italian, but perhaps nothing critical. Most Italian seems to be translated, but things like signs often were not. There were far too many unimportant items made to be “action items” for no other reason to hold them and look at them, then put them down unused. Beyond documents, very few items had any purpose beyond the occasional need to shock with an item’s barbarity. Why have all operating controls and knobs on an old x-ray machine? The detail was nice, but unnecessary and time wasting. Most windows could be opened, as well as the screens, usually for next to no purpose. If a door was not to be opened it showed a tiny lock symbol when selected (or sometimes nothing.) The same with lockers, although some “locked” lockers could be opened, some “unlocked” lockers could not. Perhaps the weakest feature of The Town of Light was that the selection tool was a tiny white circle, but only IF at the proper distance, and IF it was suitable. As such, it required far too much effort to determine if an item should be investigated further, and I don’t doubt some were missed because the circle was small and appeared very briefly at just the proper distance. And the walking pace was dreadfully slow, though for a woman of now advanced age this may be appropriate.The Town of Light had some of the poorest flow of any game I’ve played recently, but that may be an acceptable trade. Fact is, if not for the achievements a player could easily finish the game, completely unaware that there was a great deal of story left unexplored. The necessary sequence of actions was so difficult to determine (likely, it could be argued, due to the mental distress of our character) that the letter “H” was provided (but not indicated in the control reference, perhaps indicating an afterthought) to avoid the need to simply walk into every place in the game again and again, waiting for some event to trigger. Though logical (and tremendously helpful) to use the character’s voice and thoughts to advance the game to the next goal, it often felt contrived.Though The Town of Light has some negative aspects, and is quite expensive (no doubt due to the time required to generate such an amazing level of graphic detail), it is a very worthwhile game……IF you value compassion for humanity over fun. If you’d rather learn and feel on occasion, and grow in the process, The Town of Light is certainly an experience not to be missed."
76561198027910162,Recommended,433100,21569271,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Qian,"Brilliant!A complex and touching story, presented as an interactive intellectual experience. Not a game as such - do not expect any action or horror. This is more like reading a book, much is left to the imagination, while the beautiful urban exploration-like environment is providing a truly immersive atmosphere.For similar experiences, ""Dear Esther"" comes to mind. However, I feel that The Town of Light is a much more satisfying experience.I really enjoyed every minute of this thoughtful masterpiece for grown-ups."
76561198064188988,Recommended,433100,23913592,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mentosizzy,"This game has haunted me since I completed my playthrough. While I have always believed that there is something unique and valuable about using a video game to tell a particular story, this game really confirmed that for me. The game plays well with the idea of subjectivity, with empathy, with the ability (or inability) to step into another person's experience. I felt that the game did an exemplary job of walking the line between trust and doubt, empathy and distance--especially in service to the questions it raises about practices within mental health institutions. The game also made me more aware of the myriad ways that other portrayals of asylums or mental instability have failed to produce such nuanced potrays.  This is one of the first games I've played that genuinely changed my worldview, and that changed the way I see and experience things I wouldn't otherwise think twice about.If it's not already clear, I would highly recommend this game; though I second the other reviewers in saying that this game is haunting and absolutely soul crushing.Although there were things I'd have prefered to be different in the gameplay (greater opportunities to genuinely explore, more things to intereact with, etc.), these complaints are small compared with the ways the game succeeds in what it is trying to accomplish."
,Recommended,433100,21568854,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,HelloMyNameIsThomasTheDankEngine,"Was this game enjoyable? No.Did I have fun playing it? NoWould I recommend it. Yes.If there is one game you buy at the moment, make it The Town of Light.I first discovered this game about 3 years ago. I have no clue how I found it, but I'm glad that I did. It caught my interest then, and keep my interest even now.The entire game revolves around Renee T, a 16 year old mental health patient locked away in an Italian Asylum from the late 30's to the early 40's. It educates the player on how these people were treated in many countries, including Italy and how until recently people with mental health issues and special needs were seen as almost prisoners within their own body, tortured and mistreated.The game is a non convential horror game/walking simulator so the main gameplay mechanic revolves walk here, do this, walk there, do that. Which some people would have an issue with.The other complaint is that the game will lag hard when it's loading areas and I had a large amount of foliage pop in one particular area at the start of the game when the ground was bare and suddenly popped in all the trees and bushes that were supposed to be there.However I'd recommend the gameplay for the story, It's very pretty and draws comparisson in terms of art design to Homesick as it's set in an abandoned building where you find out the story from the various areas with the notes scattered around, and solve puzzles to progress.LKA.it I can't wait for your next game. This game was amazing and I would absolutely 100% recommend it. It is up there as one of my favourite games of all time, and I'm proud to say I discovered this many years ago as it bloomed into what it is today."
,Recommended,433100,26976321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kanes_Inferno,"A very short but entertaining game. It's very slow paced and based on exploration and paying attention to details. If you don't like those types of games, then you won't like this. However, I feel everyone should give this game a shot. The story is awesome, very in depth. I won't spoil anything to do with the story but I'll say once I started the game I was hooked."
76561198078056868,Recommended,433100,28335851,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,will93,"With its exceptional writing and haunting atmosphere, The Town of Light pushes through its few technical problems to be one of the best walking simulator games I’ve ever played.  Firstly, I’d like to say that I do not use the term “walking simulator” negatively; I love the genre and the stories that are told by the games it produces.  However, The Town of Light uses just enough gameplay devices to keep it from becoming a “walk here, look at that” game without ever becoming tedious.  One of my biggest problems with exploration games is when I spend too much time wandering aimlessly, looking for the right item combination or cutscene trigger.  The Town of Light sidesteps this problem gracefully through well written hints that guide you to the next objective without overtly holding your hand.You play as Renee, a patient at an Italian mental hospital in the late 1930’s and early 1940’s.  You begin outside the dilapidated and abandoned hospital, with little memory of what happened to you inside.  You begin to explore the hospital and its grounds, piecing together your story via medical records you find and fractured memories the locales bring up.  At times you are transported into haunting dream-like sequences that give you the sense of disjointed thinking that Renee is experiencing.  There are also flashback sequences that are in black and white, where you can see for yourself the horrors that took place inside the hospital.  Although the character models which are mostly seen in these sequences are poorly done as compared to the beautiful environments, the well-crafted atmosphere is not broken by them.  The story is also told through gorgeous hand-drawn cutscenes whose imagery was both powerful and metaphoric.  The game also sports a fantastic musical score that could at times be both soothing and horrifying.  To my surprise, there were also dialogue options during the game, although whom you are speaking to is a mystery.  The game is divided into chapters, and some chapters have alternates which suggest that the story may go in different directions, or offer more information about Renee’s experiences, and also provide incentive for replay.My playthrough of the game lasted roughly three hours, and while the game never grew old or tedious the length still struck me as too long.  I prefer my walking sim games to be short enough to where I can finish in one sitting.  While three hours is hardly long compared to the many dozens of hours some modern games offer, it is a little difficult for me to find three hours to sit and play one game uninterrupted.  Still, if you play this game, and I highly recommend you do if you like walking sims, it would be beneficial to make the time to play in one sitting as the story loses some impact if you step away.The themes and content of the story are heavy to say the least, but they are handled well and with great care.  I’m going to try to steer clear of spoiler territory, but I will say that the developers, while showing the horrors of psychiatry in the late 1930’s, take time to explain that these methods were all that were available to the doctors at the time, and that they were not torturers or sadists.  This adds complexity to the story as we as people like to assign blame to someone or something when our protagonist is wronged.From a technical standpoint this game is well done.  There are many graphics options available to the player and I was able to play on ultra settings with very few hiccups.  I experienced some texture popping and loss of frame rate as I transitioned from one area to the next, but oftentimes I can get past technical glitches if the story is engrossing, and with this game it is.  There was one point in the final chapter where my screen froze and I was forced to restart the game, and while it did delay the impact of the finale it did nothing to lessen it.The Town of Light tells one of the best stories I’ve ever experienced in games, and it does it’s part to make the player feel engaged in the story rather than just walking through a novel.  The Town of Light is a strong example of what the walking sim genre has to offer, and I hope that other developers in the genre take notice."
,Recommended,433100,33090022,Posted: 1 July,all,AranelJawbreaker,Nice but very disturbing game. I had a lot of fun discovering all sides to the story.
76561198002414696,Recommended,433100,21511917,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tubba Blubba,"What a game!The atmosphere is unique, and the fact that the asylum is a 1:1 replica of its real life counterpart in Volterra (Italy) just makes everything more intriguing.I honestly didnt expect this quality from such a little italian indie studio: i mean,  the game has its raw edges, the story can become hard to follow (AND it developes differently based on some of your choices) but yeah, it DOES pack a punch.It's an emotional rollercoaster that will leave a bad taste in your mouth.And you will like it.I played it in a single over-night session, and i think that made me enjoy the game even more, i'll probably go back and play some parts again since there are a few answers i feel were left unanswered from my first playthrough.Oh and get the extras, the diary is an extremely interesting read"
76561198008399871,Recommended,433100,23520980,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,altarius,"great game, emotional and sad. maybe not the most orignal story of the genre but it's well written and coherent (if I can say so of a twisted psychological drama) till the end(s).really recommended.p.s.: I'd like to see more italian games of this quality out there."
76561198244010472,Recommended,433100,22784914,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,judystarrockz,"I don't wanna give out any spoilers and ruin the game for you! So all I can really say is... This game really captures how it feels to be a part of a psychological institution (e.g. asylum). It puts you into perspectiveand makes you feel like you're literally in the situation. You drive the game and it sort of has an open world feel to it, which is great for players into virtual world games. Also, the storyline is great and it runs well on low end PCs with Intel HD graphics, so anyone can play really. I highly recommend this game. It's definitely an interesting experience."
76561198001345307,Recommended,433100,27384338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gyomalin,"More of an experimental storytelling experience. Some parts are horrific and traumatizing, but that's the concept of the game. The correct price would be closer to $5-10 since it was really a 2-3h experience.I've watched ""One flew over a cuckoo's nest"" and ""Suddenly, Last Summer"", but I think that this game is what gave me the strongest feeling of ""OMG things are messed up in an insane asylum"".It's not a horror game per se. It's horrific in the same way that war movie can be horrific without being about demons and ghosts."
,Recommended,433100,27966780,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Halflight,"The Town of Light is an adventure walking simulator game with horror elements developed by LKA. You take control of a young woman as she explores the asylum she was treated into a long time ago, trying to recover the memories she has lost since then. The asylum the game takes place does really exist: it's the ex-asylum of Volterra, in Tuscany, Italy, and the protagonist's story is inspired by real historical facts which took place when the institution was still open.The game has two main features that help set it apart from the other walking simulator games I've been playing this far:- The game's map, the asylum and its immediate surroundings, isn't exactly huge or maze-like: the catch is however that you can't explore all the areas at first, but must wait till you are on the proper chapter of the story (basically, the protagonist will give herself new objectives you have to follow and will refuse to explore any zone different from what she has in mind).- In certain sequences you will be called to select certain dialogue options as the protagonist ask herself about what she's discovering or trying to recollect. Picking up different choices gives later chapters a different tone, but it's worth mentioning that the exact answers you must pick for this to appen aren't exactly easy to figure out, and that the ending isn't changed in any significant way for them.At the end of the day, The Town of Light is a somehow fresh (but a bit short) walking simulator experience that tells the player a very emotional story grounded in reality"
76561198019923479,Recommended,433100,23283361,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,NoldoCelu,"An epic journey filled with emotions. You follow  a young girl in search of reality. From the minute I got into the story I was completley captivated, and as the story progressed I became more emotionally invested. This is nothing short of a masterpiece.10/10BTW. I had a little problem with a high pitched sound from my pc when I started this, but it went away when I changed the refresh rate from unlimited to V-sync. I thought it worth mentioning in case someone else would get this problem."
,Recommended,433100,24261350,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Captain Serious,"Great heartbreaking story of a savage and barbaric era of mental illness treatment.May be criticized for lack of puzzles, or being a walking simulator, but even though the destination will be the same, the journey there will be different and disturbing.And the final chapter will having you cringing at the thought of what you witnessed."
76561198019572384,Recommended,433100,21896875,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"Well worth the price of admission.  Not what I expected at all...very well done.I'm having some difficulty coming up with the right words to describe my feelings after finishing this.  Emotionally drained, maybe?  Angry?  While in a lot of ways the treatment of mental health has improved over the years, places still exist that operate not too different from this.This gives a fairly accurate insight as to how mental health was viewed back then, and the asylum exploration is pretty on-point.  Too often the subject of various afflictions is viewed from the outside, with the usual stigmas.  Most don't even stop to consider what the mental process must be like for someone having to deal with these issues on a daily basis.  There's still a lot of people who don't even take depression seriously.I'm glad this game was made, and I hope people take the over-arching story to heart.Edit: removed possible spoiler statement.  Steam reviews seem to be very buggy...for me at least. I've tried updating it like 6 times over the past few weeks before it finally took...and the edited version still isn't showing on the store page XD"
76561197977605360,Recommended,433100,21610491,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,manthepost,"I don't usually write reviews but man this game was so well made sure it might get slow at times but it sucked me in couldn't get enough I highly recommend this game, I beat it in 5 hours im sure you could beat it in less but it's fun exploring"
,Recommended,433100,30545243,Posted: 16 March,all,PhobosBFG,"The Shindlers list of gaming, seriously this game is depressing and shocking. Its based on how mental hospitals were back in the day. Its more psychological horror. I jumped in expecting spooky ghosts and monsters but i got depression and a plethera of emotions that made me think about life...."
76561198076149250,Recommended,433100,34137312,Posted: 9 August,all,Erebus,"A truly impressive insight into the mind of a mentally ill trauma victim.Though the game is lacking in a core gameplay mechanic besides the standard walking and interaction that is popular amongst the genre, it manages to convey startling visuals and truly horrifying portrayals of the unfortunate history of mental health care through a brilliantly-acted inner monologue.The way the protagonist talks to herself is a somewhat childish manner, (i.e. ""Nancy and I used to sit here and count the clouds. I should go find her, I'll bet she's wondering where I am"", to paraphrase) as if she isn't perceiving the world the same way the player is - it's obvious all her friends and abusers are gone from the dilapidated asylum the game takes place in, but she doesn't register and interacts with all the objects she used to as if it will make a difference.It's a very special and unique kind of horror that doesn't rely on gore or jump-scares as others do, but instead upon the dark turns the human psyche can take once it has been through more than it can take.Pick it up, just don't expect a great deal of challenge.Rating: Solid 8/10"
76561197972361416,Recommended,433100,24327942,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SQUIDwarrior,"This game is stunning in so many ways. Visually and nartively, a triumph. It tackles some very dark stuff that will make you very uncomfortable. Much of it is hard to watch. And that is why this game is so important because it addresses how people with mental illness, especially women, were handled before we really understood how to diagnose and treat them.You won't enjoy this game. And that's a good thing."
,Recommended,433100,25294078,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pirdy,"This is the most ******* up game I've every played. I just beat it and I can't think of anything else to say about it. Just h*** f****, that **** was ****** up. In short, worth playing. No matter how many horror games you've played, this one will take you by suprise."
76561197995767700,Recommended,433100,24072841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,QueenAndGuardian,This game is heaven for an urban explorer and hell for anybody who has a heart.I seriously believe that no other game had such a deep impact on me since I started gaming 25 years ago.
76561198055117240,Recommended,433100,22890967,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Quinn,"Wow. More games like these please! Fantastically chilling and disturbing experience without the cheap jumpscares. Sure it had minor flaws, but nothing really worth going on about. I could barely make it through the after game journal emotionally (in a good way?). Thank you for this wonderful and horrifying journey!"
76561198054024600,Recommended,433100,21514766,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bananarumpus,"I just finished The Town of Light a few hours ago and I'm interested in playing around with it more to see what else I can dig up.This game is surely for gamers that like story, atmosphere, exploration (through walking and clicking) and are open to the idea of ""real world"" horrors.Pros-Voice acting-Game/environment design-Overall story-Graphics-Sound/music-Replayability (I'm not sure if that's the best word for the various chapter options you can receive based on choices you make in-game)Cons-No sprint key (this was more of a problem for me later in the game as it can dull down the suspense)-Loading time is a bit long (I'm assuming this can be fixed later since it's pretty darn new)-Some minor bugs (again, these can be fixed)I'm more than pleased with the money I spend on this (free soundtrack and artbook for the first 2 weeks are awesome!). I get some ""Gone Home"" and ""Kholat"" vibes from this game."
76561198245408192,Recommended,433100,21678231,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Alice Glass,"The feels are so strong. This game makes you feel so empathetic to people that went through so much pain. This game is kind of hard to get through. It really makes you think. It is not one of those games that leaves you feeling any sort of happiness. But you do come out feeling strange. If you have deep depression or any sort of mental illness. I would really suggest you don't play this, it will mess with your psyche. This is a remarkable, dark,twisted and deep journey. I say if you can handle it, strap on your minds straight jacket and go for the darkest journey of your life!"
,Recommended,433100,24559288,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BurnTyre,"An abandoned mental hospital in Italy. You enter, and relive the memories of Renée T., who was a patient there. You learn how she got there in the first place, and what happened to her in a mental institution of the 1940s.So, it's kind of a history lession about psychiatry.The artists did an outstanding job recreating the area and feeling. Some memories are shown as drawings, which are really, really well done and fitting. Other memories are animated sequences (cutscenes), where one might add some critics, because the humans aren't very realistic looking. Might be, but as they are, they are fitting to the drawings and the overall feeling, so more realistic figures would have maybe destroyed some of this.So, I played through in 4 hours (you have alternate routes to go to the end, I did play only one of those, but I am quite sure I will replay to see the other routes too). And now I sit here and am... what? What do I feel, think, am I still a human being after watching patients getting tortured (there's no other word for what used to be psychiatry in those times)? Yes, of course I am. But I feel like some kind of a monster, considering what human beings did to other human beings, calling all that medical treatment.I recommend that game. But I have also to issue a warning: If you are prone to nightmares, maybe have psychological issues like depression or something, leave it. The game can drive a grown man mad."
76561198106342125,Recommended,433100,26684833,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,r.alexandervallejo,"A very good game if you're alright with slow-paced, supsense-mounts type of horror. You won't be fighting or hiding in this game, the fear is completely psychological.The artwork was great, Narrative was fantastic. Not a long play, I got through it in a few hours, but the ability to take different paths throughout the game to reach the end allows for multiple play-throughs. Definitely reccommend."
,Recommended,433100,28197622,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JustCallMePapi,Amazing game. Has more than one play trhough and really allows the player to develope their own story.
,Not Recommended,433100,21718139,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,NC-17,"I relied too much on the positive reviews of this game... I really regret buying The Town of Light. The price is ridiculous.The Town of Light isn't an experience, it's an overrated boring and frustrating walking simulator which I just wanted to end after about 20 minutes. I'm not someone who rushes through a game; I love story rich games, exploring and taking my time. But God, how I was craving for an option to run or at least walk fast! The frustration was there throughout the game, at several points I felt like a wounded snail struggling to cross the road to get to safety. As someone else wrote in his review;""Feels like a chore rather than an experience"".Maybe it's the effortless voice acting of Renee that made me pretty much indifferent about her story or maybe it's just because the game isn't good. The story of Renee isn't unique or even interesting and wether that's because of my prior knowledge in the subject I don't know. The Town of Light surely puts a light on a dark chapter in the history of psychiatry, but it doesn't offer anything new.The Town of Light is a beautiful but empty snooze fest which will make your skin crawl out of frustration.I strongly recommend playingThe Cat Ladyinstead if you're looking for a disturbing and powerfulexperienceabout mental health."
,Not Recommended,433100,22959678,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ｃｅｌｅｒｙ.ｅｘｅ,"My only issue is the depiction of early onset schizophrenia. Everything else is dandy, ok?If this was entirely from the perspective of Renee in her time period it would've been much more interesting. This perspective is so alienating. It doesn't capture a psychological break at all, it kinda seems like you glanced at 'schizophrenia' in an old copy of the DSM III and guessed. Where is the gravity? This is a serious mental illness. Sure, quarters are cramped, it's severely understaffed, and medicine at this point is non-existant. A mental illness is so much more, these things obviously make it much worse.A psychological break is huge! You would've had tons of material! Everything and anything can happen, and I feel like nothing happened at all. A psychotic episode is supposed to be one of the most terrifying things you can experience. You're paralyed with fear, and reality slips away from you. People see, hear, taste, touch, and smell horrible (rarely pleasant) things. Things that are 'real'. Things you can't unsee. Considering the lack of space and proper medicine, Renee should pretty much be having daily episodes. ... And? Where are they? I see some 'spooky' hallways and that's about it. Did you interview any psych patients?The story seems like an afterthought compared to the lovely recreation of the hospital. This could've been so much more. It's really disappointing to see another game or movie add to the huge pile of misinformation about this illness. The only fun I had with this game was messing around on the playground before it went straight downhill.TL;DRPros:Game is beautifulGreat voice actingMusic is niceHistorically accurate depiction of life in a sanitariumCons:Very innaccurate depiction of early onset schizophreniaThis was my first Steam refund."
,Recommended,433100,24235537,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Harley,"This game is a visually stunning knife through the heart.You start the game outside an abandoned Italian asylum. The overgrown grounds are so well-done at times it's like wandering through a painting. Sometimes it looks almost photo-real. The imagery and sounds are very immersive. I could praise the graphics endlessly but honestly... you should just see it for yourself. View it on Youtube for a preview because words simply don't do it justice.As for the story? Ouch. It's very realistic. I've researched asylums around the world and the folks who put together this simulator obviously did too. There are alternate endings but I've only managed to play through completely once. The story is depressing and the 'save' mechanism is set up like chapters - if you don't make it to the end of one before you have to quit the game, you have to start that segment over. Inconvenient but not a total replay killer.There are no NPCs to interact with in this game (it *is* a walking simulator at the core) so there's never any hope that you'll find a person to talk to - friendly or otherwise. No monsters to fight, no friends to make. No one to help you. You have to figure it all out on your own following a loose trail of clues.Note: I recommend this game but only for folks who aren't depressed or prone to it."
76561198050702663,Recommended,433100,23475818,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Riff666Master,"If you want to have an amazing gaming experience this game is it! I have to break it down to different subjects, for one to be able to not repeat myself :p and two not to spoil your potential gaming experience. So my review will be short, to let you be as suprised by it as I was :-)1. StoryThe story is amazing! I played it through in one night. It really sucks you into it and makes you think. As a schizophrenic myself, I can only imagine in what nightmare I would've been if I was born in that era and diagnosed with it. The story makes you think and reflect and is on itself a true piece of art!2. GameplayThe gameplay feels like an unreal-engine. There have been no glitches or anything wrong with it. Like in other games there is no way to jump or crouch, but as you'll get along in the game you'll find out you dont need to.3. GraphicsThe graphics don't really distract you, which means they are good enough to melt all these different subjects into one single experience. They are not as good as in SOMA, but they really do the job!4. Sound and musicAs a composer my game experiences stand or fall with a good audio experience and this game has such a thing! There is little music, but the voices, sound fx and occasional music really add up to a great experienceSo without having spoiled anything at all ( I hope) this is my review :-) it's deffinitely worth it's money and I think I'm gonna buy this one for a friend as a birthday present because this is a game everyone should've played once ;) a true piece of art!"
,Recommended,433100,21568783,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,francesca,Voice acting wasnt really that good but overall a pretty good story for those who crave for one and it really puts you in a shoe of a mentally ill-ed person
,Recommended,433100,22023271,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[Jon] Flaky,Nice game with a solid story. Graphics are fine yet the game is poorly optimized. Here running a 980 Ti and 16gb RAM it gets really laggy. Back to the story I have to say it is a very strange and hard one. Good choice for a game. As regards the gameplay there are some parts which lack indications plus puzzles are not always that simple or easy to see.Overall I would give it an 8/10 really worth trying and better getting all achievements done =) A must if it is on sale.
76561198159996075,Recommended,433100,21830377,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Trilabs,"One of the strongest narrative experiences I've had in a game, and to think that it's based on how things 'actually' were back then.. It opens your eyes to alot of truths only read about in books. Don't expect a horror game with jump scares, but rather a game where the emotions are strong, the narrative is amazing, and the game perfectly tells you its story.My only negative would be the 'multiple endings' during the final 30 minutes of the game wrapping up all the threads.If you're into games that give you 'something more' than the thrill of a jump scare, but enjoy an engrossing, frightful story, this game comes highly recommended. One warning however: Mature audiences only."
,Recommended,433100,34919696,Posted: 13 September,all,Abandon the Spoiler,It takes a special kind of a game to amaze me with its story. And this one blew me away.
76561198082148069,Recommended,433100,24521769,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Myself9,"This game is a shining example of why indie dev houses should exist.No way in hell any Triple-A publisher would touch something this brutal and honest.There aren't  a whole lot of gameplay elements, but enough to make you feel involved in the story.It's quite possibly the most ♥♥♥♥ed up game ever made.It's beautiful, dark, eerie, alarming and sad."
,Recommended,433100,30382839,Posted: 7 March,all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Well, I don't even know where to start. I SHOULD HAVE TOOK THE WARNINGS SERIOUSLY!. Now that I finished the game, the story was speechless, the ending was speechless. I literally think about this every god damn day. Like, I never thought that I would think / see something like this from this game story perspective.  PROPS TO DEVS. FANTASTIC GAME EXPERIENCE.Now for the game- Runs smooth- A few fps drops now and then (but gameplay is FANTASTIC)- This asylum really existed/exists:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WkccRlVyXg-- Ospedale psichiatrico di Volterra- Gorgeous graphics. REALLY GORGEOUS- Can't run. walking for 4 hours and half seems to be a bit of a struggle but I understand why there is no running option. Literally you're a former patient who visits the damn thing and remember everything. There is no need for a run button.WHY DID I NOT READ THE WARNING SIGNS. OH GOD."
,Recommended,433100,31630958,Posted: 8 May,all,ノア,"THE PLACE OF NO RETURNA fascinating and disturbing journey into a dark almost forgotten historical location and events. LKA rebuilt the Tuscan Asylum that was once home to 6000 patients never released from it`s horrific ""treatments"".The graphics inside the asylum are detailed and the handdrawn sequences disturbing. But it`s also awkwardly patched togerther. And despite the intruiging story, the presentation is not as good as it could have been. Bold and emotional yet not coherent. The game is only around 3-4 hours and still it feels a tick too slow.Nevertheless it`s worth Your time and money if You like dark story driven games"
,Recommended,433100,34442504,Posted: 23 August,all,.Reflected.,Absolutely amazing game!Some grotesque virtual urbex and mental illness simulator.Have enjoyed every second of it.20/10
76561198284961697,Recommended,433100,23305340,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,naqi_,"awesomely disturbing and creepy game, loved it from beginning to start although my game seemed to be missing a few prompts which left me wandered for hours, still recommend it to anyone.exposes the truth behind places such as Volterra in these time periods"
76561197978714630,Recommended,433100,30710926,Posted: 24 March,all,Wertyman99,"Beautiful, dark, disturbing and twisted. Will screw with your head and make you think for days after"
76561198258185726,Recommended,433100,21640635,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RiftDude,"Played this with my OculusRift Dk2 and the atmopshere really gets to you , its really sad story and i wanted to progress to find out what happens next.Rekommend this !   4/5https://youtu.be/l9khdDDVXuE"
76561198311662392,Recommended,433100,29798923,Posted: 9 February,all,TASlaughtercult,"This game,is absolutely intense. the depiction of mental problems and how they dealt in most asylums in that era is terryfing.Town of light proves that you do not need jumpscares to scar you for life..."
,Recommended,433100,31246323,Posted: 19 April,all,Vualire,"dark, disturbing and hauntingly present with you as you walk around the abandoned remains of volterrahorror comes from the fact that the voices of those who suffered find their mouth in renee,beautifully crafted and a sobering dose of why mental health needs so much more support for advancements in ethical treatment and medicine7.8/10"
76561197968586725,Recommended,433100,23847163,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,michaels,I tried VR Test with a I7 and 980 ti was soo choppy i felt a bit sick for the first time in VR.I bought this soley for my Oculus so I will come back once they progress their beta.  It definitely has potential.
76561198067393128,Recommended,433100,23971256,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Robert Shmurda,"Playing this as an adult ruined my childhood.On a more realistic note this is not a game that will make you feel good. It will make you think, feel depressed, and at times be genuinely scared. It's not for everybody but it's definitely an interesting experience."
76561198042679149,Recommended,433100,21574960,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mos2414,"I just finished the game. I got about halfway through it last night, and it gave me nightmares. Now that I've finished it, I can't stop weeping. The narrative is beautiful, the music is emotionally provocative. The atmosphere is important, and it's immersive. I charged through it in just under 3 hours, but the story moved me, and that's what's important. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,433100,33477756,Posted: 12 July,all,pacxel,"I'm lucky to be living in canada with modern medacine, that said having a mental illness my self I can (in a way) relate to the main character. Its made me stronger and its a great story and well scripted. it aims teach as well as scare. I recommend it."
,Recommended,433100,24551597,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CaptainHammer96,"This is quite possibly the scariest game I've ever played.  There are no jump scares, just an insane amount of atmosphere and psycological horror.  The story is gripping, horrifying, and amazing.  The gameplay is simplistic and linear, and leaves much to be desired. I did encounter several bugs, which froze the game, and made me have to restart my computer.  eventually, i watched the final cutscene on Youtube, becuase it wouldnt trigger in game.TL;DR The Town Of Light is a terrifying walking simulator, with a few bugs, and one of the best stories I've ever experienced in gaming.  Is it worth full price for a 3 hour game? Probably not, but I can guarantee it's an experience you won't forget"
76561197990139151,Recommended,433100,25070435,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wixtofa,"Equal parts horrrifying and heartbreaking, this walking simulator has a hell of a story to tell.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,433100,25507742,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,FuzzyFishIII,A game that disturbs and fills you with heartbreaking emotions. This game is truly a great game and definitely recommend it if you are into a story exploring mentality. A horror game with a different perspective on horror
,Recommended,433100,24630343,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Rish,The real world is scarier than a bunch of teddy bears jumping out at you. Truly remarkable! (Cry's voice acting after an unimaginably horrendous scene made me feel a little nice. )
,Recommended,433100,25579260,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DharmaDan,The Town of Light really nails its narrative. The story is horrifying and the narration is brilliant. With impressive visuals and great sound design the developers have done a great job with lots of attention to detail. The game seems a little bit too long and I thought it could have been a bit shorter and it still would have been as impacful as it was. There are many moments where the narration kind of drags on a bit which makes the game even more slow paced than it already is. This game is certainly not for everyone but in terms of what the developers wanted to achieve I think they did a really good job and created something really unique and different.
,Recommended,433100,30182919,Posted: 25 February,all,Counted Lethal,"Control can be kinda frustrating, but overall a good game with an accurate depiction of mental institutions of the past and mental illness as a whole."
76561197992377839,Recommended,433100,24359653,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nymphetta,"I honestly wanted to like this game, but I suppose it just wasn't for me. I guess I should've expected it from the trailer. It was too short, with most of my time seemingly spent walking down long hallways, with an over-abundance of whining and emo poetry that only worsens as you get towards the end. I understand the plight and the horrible things she went through, but it was just so overdone, and it got to the point where it was just embarassing. The end was also very abrupt and unexpected. It had a few neat effects, and did well trying to make you feel the way she did. It was just... Meh.TLDR; It's a great game for people who don't want to be scared, but still want to be disturbed. Not suggested for people like me with an already warped mindset."
,Recommended,433100,25682700,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,writers_lair,"Amazing graphicsPowerful, eerie atmospherePsychologically immersiveI could play this game over and over again!"
,Recommended,433100,24711397,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,kingoftheringskyrm,"Fair warning: This game is graphic and grueling, the experience is unpleasant and uncomfortable but a truly great none the less.Most of the game is spent navigating the vast expanses of the decrepid asylum, the Asylum is designed in sections, new parts open up as you need them allowing for exploration without being overwhelming. The Asylum is increadibly well designed full of detail and atmosphere and although nothing overtly threataning ocurs the whole experience is caked in tense, hair-raising chill.The game also makes use of flashback both in pensil style drawings and in black and white first person parts which both enable you to experience the bleak existence of the mentaly ill. The drawn cut scenes are typically use to present the most explicit parts of the narrative however that is not allways the case, in these cut scenes the game addresses dark topics, namely abuse at the hands of the orderlys and the suffering caused by the characters own mental state. The scenes done in black and white follow a similar theme to the cut scenes but a far more scary due to the apearance of the insane patients and the involment you feel while controlling the character.This game is dark, its intense disturbing and I spent most of my time with a feeling of horror, questioning why I was even doing any of this, both as the character and personally. I would definatly recomend this game as it is an expirience unlike any other, not to be taken likely."
76561198024446235,Recommended,433100,24952138,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Abhorsen's Cat,"amazing story telling, and utterly disturbing, as great art should be."
76561198083986873,Recommended,433100,25681891,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kiriel,"This game is difficult to review. I couldn't say I had a good time playing it because the theme was so dark and depressing.  I did play the game all the way through but if I can't load individual chapters, which I have not checked, I do not have a desire to jump back in to try to get the rest of the accomplishments. I don't really want to enter that world again.The story takes place through the mind of a woman, a former patient of the mental hospital in this game. She comes back to the hospital to help regain some of her lost memories. It is a real location and the circumstances in the game are real if not the actual people in the game. The game did not fall into the usual trope of making the doctors, nurses and orderlies evil and uncaring. It was more that this was the best people could figure out to do with people who could not function in society. It did make me glad to be born in this time and place. Even 80 years ago medicine could be barbaric compared to what we have today.I definitely would recommend it but with some warnings.1) It is more of a visual novel than an adventure game. Even if it was an adventure game the words ""adventure"" don't seem to apply. Edna and Harvey Breakout and Alice the Madness Returns take place in the same location but with much more interaction and ""fun.""2) The theme is really depressing and is more likely you make you sad than take you anywhere else.3) The graphics were very well done with my only complaint being that I couldn't always find the cursor because it was a small white circle that sometimes got drown out by the scene.4) Like many games out there now this one doesn't bring a concrete conclusion and I am sure people are debating what really happened. I don't know if the different ending showed actual different stories or just more about the same story."
,Recommended,433100,28830452,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BB,"Different than what I expected in a great way! The graphics were much better than I thought they'd be, the story was engrossing, and the art cutscenes were awesome. What made this game so disturbing is knowing that these things actually happened to people. There are no jump scares, but the scenery is so creepy I was expecting one the whole time. I really enjoyed this game!"
,Recommended,433100,32900008,Posted: 27 June,all,Abed Bayoun,"The gamplay could be furstuaing sometimes and you can easly get lost, but damned I loved the game. The story is so deep and unbelievably sad. It is a horror game but not like anything else. It might not be for everyone, but if you appreciate story in games and can live with the mideocre gameplay, then it is a must!"
76561198003994873,Recommended,433100,24361282,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nicholas,"Town of light has a very immersive story about a girl who was sent to live in a mental hospital in the 1940's. The game puts you in the eyes of someone visiting the facility in current time investigating what happened to Renée. The story is really deep and it captivated me, but it is also very very dark."
76561198130460319,Recommended,433100,24162279,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fallen_sparrow,"A very detailed and story based psychological horror. There are chances to change the storyline while speaking with the main character, more or less information is revealed. Great game to say the least."
,Recommended,433100,25703338,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Aisu,Has Cryaotic's voice acting.Mandatory 10/10
,Recommended,433100,34270583,Posted: 15 August,all,KillgoreES,A small yet powerful depiction of how the human mind can often lend itself to being oneself's most powerful enemy.
,Recommended,433100,21598379,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,1800TALKSHIT,"1 hour in and I have been blown away. The story is great and there are some very interesting gameplay mechanics here. Its not a horror game but what it does best is create anxiety or anticipation of what may or may not be revealed next. Graphics are great but I do get some occasional frame drops (running 4690k, r9 280, 8gb ram) on ultra at 1080p. I tried dropping the settings and same issues so it may not be fully optimized but still playable. Anyway you cut it, this game is art and I really wish that every developer would put this kind of effort forth into creating an experience rather than a♥♥♥♥♥♥sandwhich."
76561197962301472,Recommended,433100,23496276,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[WB] MR PANTS,"This isn't really a game so much as an interactive story.  It should be treated as ""on rails"", and though there's a temptation to explore around ... there's not a lot of point to it.  You walk very slowly so going off to explore just rewards you with a longer walking time :)It is engaging, if a bit jumbled -- on purpose.  The atmosphere is beautiful, though you can certainly tell the part where they started running out of time / money ...  I think it shines a light into a part of history we'd probably rather forget, and there's certainly medical aspects of this game where if you are squeemish you may not want to play this one.My only complaint is how s.l.o.w. it is.  You have to wait for the voice actor to read every passage and you can't fast forward it.  You walk very slowly -- during some sequences it's going at a snail's pace.  I get that it's part of the experience, and I'll forgive them for it.  But make sure you play this game when you've got patience and feel like experiencing some art.Overall, I tentatively recommend it -- definitely a game that you have to be ""in the mood for"" in order to give it a shot.  It's not objectively ""fun"" so much as it is engaging.  Its like reading a non-fiction book about something horrible ... not ""fun"" to read but definitely ""interesting"".  Maybe get it when its on sale like I did :)"
,Recommended,433100,23872598,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sensei S@m@,Great game.It reminds one to care more for the loved ones.The only negative thing is... the walking ...it's ssooooo.....sssssllllooooowww sometimes. :)
76561198153020133,Recommended,433100,29900175,Posted: 13 February,all,catnip,very depressing but v good
,Recommended,433100,29364625,Posted: 19 January,all,{SE} Coal,Holy crap.. This.. Was an awful experience. worth the money.
76561197962473519,Recommended,433100,21511464,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Caff,"Press 'H' if you are getting lost/stuck.  Very important tip!  It will give you an audio clue as to where to go next, because sometimes the game doesn't make this obvious.This is a mature, powerful sledgehammer of an experience.  I don't really want to call it a horror game, because this is a story-led title that contains horror themes.  It is predominantly a ""walk here"" and ""click this"" type of game, with a story that unfolds gradually.  Such titles can often feel too slow, and whilst The Town of Light isn't quick (there is no run key), it gets it just right.  Make sure you play on a weekend when you have time to absorb the game.Graphically and audio are perfect, conveying a sense of decay and abandonment.  It feels like every detail has been researched meticulously, and a constant feeling of dread and despair fills every corridor.  There are no jump scares, but I felt a growing unease and sadness throughout.I found the experience utterly stunning and devastating.  I'm finding this review hard to write, because my eyes are red with crying through the credits.  I don't often write Steam reviews, especially as long as this one, but I felt I had to.Brilliantly made, bravo to those who made this. 10/10"
,Recommended,433100,21656994,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,maddiethehuman1,"NOTE: There is a warning before the game starts, so if you have a hard time with graphic content (not just nudity, like sexual violence, surgical pictures of muscles and stuff) then maybe reconsider, because there's a lot of that.In my opinion, this game is the definition of a psychological horror. Everything about it is disorienting, from the method of story delivery, the visuals and sound cues, literally everything. But it’s great.Don’t get me wrong this is a disturbing experience, but to be fair it’s meant to be. The premise of the game is to show you what it was like to be a mental health patient in the early 1900's and it’s horrendous. It’s hard to tell what exactly is going on, what’s real, what isn’t, who is helping or trying to help, etc. It’s a tough game to play, but in the end it is 100% worth it.I ended up finding out the truth and I definitely cried. It was nice hearing Cry’s voice at the end, it was a little soothing even though what he was saying was really sad. Tbh I wouldn’t have found out about this game if he didn’t tweet about it, so thanks Cry.This game is a little on the expensive side, so if you can’t afford it at full price you should wait for a sale or watch a play through because the message of this game is extremely important and the truth about what these patients and their families had to endure needs to be heard.10/10 will play again"
76561198114629495,Recommended,433100,21974224,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ATPFN,"Antes de mais nada, COMPREM!- O jogo traz uma cópia praticamente fiel ao local real. O jogo é tão imersivo que te faz parar e pensar de todas as maneiras oque aconteciam com os pacientes, o jogo te faz pensar das mais terríveis formas. Uma jogabilidade MUITO limitada, com uma história um pouco confusa Mas uma ambientação, efeitos sonoros e dublagem espetaculares. O jogo consegue fazer pensar inúmeras vezes o que é o certo e o que é errado. Pois majestosamente ele te confunde o tempo inteiro. Aconselho a ter um psicológico forte ao jogar este jogo. Nunca fui de sentir emoção ou algo do gênero, até este jogo aparecer. O jogo consegue fazer oque poucos conseguem: Te prender querendo saber o final.Além do mais, NÃO aconselho a quem tiver parentes, amigos e etc que tenham algum distúrbio mental a jogar este jogo, principalmente se o mesmo estiver internado em um local especializado.Ao longo da gameplay terá cenas chocantes e indignadoras. (pegando o trecho do texto de um colega que postou aqui), o jogo é ""psicologicamente devastador""."
,Recommended,433100,29811502,Posted: 9 February,all,Andi,"This is another one of those times where there needs to be another button for rating a game.  Thumbs up, Thumbs down, and So-so... this game falls into the latter.I play games because I want to be entertained but Town of Light left me depressed and saddened. Of course when you're dealing with the subject matter that this game deals with, it's hard to not feel that way. On the flip side, what a better way to educate gamers to the horrible conditions and treatments that were used in asylums in the early and mid twentieth century?Pros:Graphics are top notchWell optimizedThe voice acting is very goodHistorical accurate (as far as I know)The developers still post updates and answer questionsCons:Depressing subject matterMore of a walking simulator than anythingThe ending will leave you mournfulVery shortDuring game play, depending on how you answer the questions will determine which sub-chapters you'll play so be aware, if you want to experience the entire game, you'll have to play it more than once. I had to play-through it three times before I experienced the entire game.The developers expertly captured the eerie atmosphere with fantastic graphics and creepy music. In addition, some of the outside locations are exceptionally beautiful with the way the sun plays off of the landscape.One of the tags on Town of Light is “Horror”. I wouldn't really call it horror, it's closer to psychologically disturbing. There are no jump scares and no one else is lurking about.So, how do I rate this game? This is a tough one. Did I enjoy this game? No, not really. Did I learn anything new? Honestly, no. Was this experience a emotional roller coaster? Oh, hell yes. If the developers main objective was to make a gut wrenching experience with educational value, then, mission accomplished and truthfully, I think that was the goal. Therefore, I will reluctantly give this game a thumbs up, however, after playing all of the chapters and sub-chapters, and obtaining all of the achievements, I only logged in about 10.1 hours of game play.At the time of this review, Town of Light was selling for $18.99. I think that's a bit much giving how short the game is. So if you want to delve into this game, I would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,433100,35410580,Posted: 2 October,all,Daybreak,"Absolutely gorgeous horror exploration game that explores an insane asylum in 1930s and how the mentally ill where treated or mistreated.On a side note I thought electroshock therapy had been left behind in the West due to its possibly memory loss side effect, not to mention its barbaric nature in and of itself. But in my country Denmark it is still practiced even if it is called Electroconvulsive therapy. Sure just break my yolo meter."
,Recommended,433100,25622169,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Hunt3r,"Well, thank you. I enjoyed suffering a lot and I'm going to be depressed for a long time.Awesome game. Fantastic story. Very disturbing and depressing for those who enjoy these kind of stuff (seriously what's wrong with us). No technical issues. Totally recomended."
76561198175649159,Recommended,433100,21677174,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,orwell79,"This isn't a fun experience but it is a well done one. An uncomfortable look into mental illness and the barbaric practices that passed for psychiatric treatment in the late 30's and early 40's. It gives the impression of being a horror game but you won't find any jump scares here, just exploration of a world , and of the mind."
76561198084935483,Recommended,433100,26343384,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSZMYrP3bWoGreat game - I only just started it but I love the psychological view of the game as opposed to all the jumpscare games that have been coming out lately.
,Recommended,433100,21529197,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RadiCarl,"I've been wanting to play this game ever since I saw it the first time.I LOOOOVE urban exploration and being able to visit this old asylum like this is amazing.It's based upon a real asylum that had over 6000 patients, which makes this game so much moreinteresting and bizarre.There are some really disturbing scenes in this game so if you don't like that stuff keep yourself away.The graphics is amazing.Here's my full playthrough of it, loved it! Also, Cryaotic is in the game, which only that is amazing!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQt0v1hXo1kStay Rad Everybody!!/RadiCarl"
76561198210252989,Recommended,433100,25977275,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,raghuveer666,Great game but is painful to play not because that it is bad but it clearly shows how horrifyingly people with mental illness were treated in the past and how much they had to suffer. A game that is well worth it if you like psychologial stories that truly make you emotional.
,Recommended,433100,21496034,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ugly,"Lets get a few things out the way, no sprinting andno jump scares. Now for me not havingjump scaresis good as I dont like them so that aspect of the game is great. Not being able to sprint, its not a HUGE issue for me but it is a slight annoyance as there are times in the game where you will walk a decent distance only to find a dead end meaning you have to sludge your way all the way back and then find the right direction. When you are on track though I oddly found it quite nice only being able to walk as it allowed me to absorb the energy of my surrounding area. I really felt like I was in this asylum and the atmopshere all around was just incredible. The art style of this game is amazing, colors pop and the dark gloomy bits are done very well. The art style coincides well with the various noises/music you hear through out the game. The cut scenes are beautiful (in an odd way) in that the art style is to die for, however the story being unveiled infront of you is dark. I had goose bumps the entire play through and this game is in no doubt worthy of atleast 2 playthroughs as you have different paths you can take!The best game I can compare this to is ""Gone Home"". Its Gone Home but longer, prettier, better sounding, more erie, and all around better basically Gone Home done proper. It took me near 3.5 hours to beat this game the first time and thats with minor exploration!I give this game a solid 8.5/10"
76561198027541238,Recommended,433100,21539631,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PrimeMover,Emotional story. Kind of creepy.
,Recommended,433100,22420880,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DeniedGrandpa,"This was an amazing journey through the eyes of someone who endured the life struggle living in a asylum. Throughout the game play you get a sense of uneasyness, that just seems to follow you like a dog craving attention."
76561198208214708,Recommended,433100,21958021,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mochthrath,"RECOMMENDEDI never write reviews and you will see why but this game warrants it. I will not go into the story as so many people have and done it so well.Now i absolutely love any type of horror game but i am so bored of the same types ie having a flashlight,camera or camcorder running about daft trying to find batteries that last all of 30seconds-definately not Duracell or i will be having a word with the rabbit (advert if not seen)Now being a Scottish lassie and us having the reputation of not spending a penny(as in the money type) i normally wait for sales to buy games but when this game came out i opened my sporan, emptied all the dud batteries out and bought this immediately and in my personal opinion it is worth alot more considering you can buy a game for the same price or more and it has about 2 hours game play and  totally forgettable, which this is so much longer and has great replayable value, which you will want to play it again!This is not a spoiler but it does basically say at the beginning of the game anyone with physcological issues should either not play it and/or seek professional help, after playing this i want to see them all and tell them to join steam and buy the game!It will have such an effect on you and i commend the developers for taking a massive risk with this and not following the crowd!I Highly recommend not waiting for the sales and buying this and if you have any regrets after playing it i will eat my kilt!!!"
76561198076744941,Not Recommended,433100,24093590,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,rlaing131,"It took me a little while to decide if I actually recommend this game or not, and I have decided on a firm ""no"" for this one. Now, I am certainly intrigued by this style of serious games, and I knew to expect that, but this one just didn't impress me.Pros:- The story is certainly somewhat interesting (at least as you get started) as well as emotional/sad, and the potrayal of how the mentally ill were treated back in old times seems to be pretty accurate. And it's terrifying to imagine what it would be like, but this is exactly what that story does. I won't spoil anything, but from what I understand of medical history, this is exactly the type of horror that went down in these kinds of nightmareish facilities back in the day.- The game itself is not scary like a typical horror game, but the concepts dealt with in the game are indeed terrifying (old timey ""medical"" practices,♥♥♥♥♥♥ treatment of mentally ill).- The graphics are not bad, and there is a fair amount of detail (pictures on the walls to examine, creepy old ""medical"" devices).Cons:- Took me 4 hours to beat this game. I am typically a comletioist and love to explore absolutely everything (I can't say I had the same level of motivation as I do most games though). So even while on sale, I felt like I paid way too much for it.- There is absolutely no skill or thinking necessary to complete this game. And I'm not trying to say it's too easy. There's literally none involved. It's not that kind of game. See the next point below:- One of the very few things that you actually get to do in this game is explore the creepy hospital, yet it's not even much of an open world. Doors are locked until it's time to go to those places (no, you don't find keys and use them, they just open when it's time), and on top of that, you don't even have to figure anything out for yourself. The narrator tells you where to go each time. What's the point? I could just watch a short movie. Not even a movie that makes you think either, but one with Captain Exposition jumping in every few minutes to make sure you didn't have to think too hard.- Sort of addressed above, but while you can ""interact"" with and examine many objects, you don't actually do anything with them (except in a couple specific cases). You don't use them to solve puzzles, get into new locations, etc. Yet the game still has you do pointless stuff like take this random object over to the other room so that the story can advance.- The game made me motion sick at some point (you walk sooooo slowly, but you can still move your head around at a normal speed).- The voice acting (at least for English) is absolutely dreadful. The overenunciation (in particular, with ""t"") drove me crazy. I can still almost hear it... ugh.-As far as I understand there are *not* multiple endings. A *few* times during the game, you can pick little dialogue options to say to yourself throughout the game, but I don't think it changes much of anything.Final thoughts:- It's a different kind of game, and a different kind of horror. There's no action/fighting, no puzzles, nothing to run or hide from, you just go where the narrator tells you go (and sort of explore along the way), and then the narrator and some images tell you a story. That's it. There's nothing else. Now, I personally think that they do a good job with the story itself, but it's just not enough. It's like part of a game that was never finished. There doesn't need to be a 3d, first person game to tell this story. It should have just been a short movie, or a novela. Feels like wasted resources.- Since this is a serious game, I'm not sure what the point is for this particular one... I think by now we all know that the mentally ill were abused and mistreated decades ago and that old medical practices were not only barbaric, but just plain stupid and wrong. So, is this game made to educate? Just to be scary/depressing? Not sure, but maybe it's not important."
,Recommended,433100,24063479,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fraggle,"Certainly not Horror in the general context.  More psychological.If your after a ""Game"" this is not for you.  This is more an interactive story, much like ""The Park"".This particular story delves into the diagnosis and treatment of mental patients in the late 1930s early 1940s. While it does not delve to deep into the amount of 'treatment' a patient might undergo, it gives enough detail for you to imagine.There is a section in a ""Primary School"" Where you get to explore the patients past, how ever I only got 10/17 pictures before it skipped on to the next Chapter.  A linier path might have been a better option there, I feel like I missed some important clues as to what triggered her decline in the first place.."
76561198028003025,Recommended,433100,21569937,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cylent,"Amazing atmosphere. I'm not really a fan of ""walking simulators"" but this story wants to be heard/played/experienced.I started it up just to make sure it runs well and got sucked in immediately. Ended up playing all the way through."
,Recommended,433100,22889802,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,W.C. Fields,A terrifying look into the world inside a sanitarium in 1930's Fascist Italy.10/10 The most horrifying non-horror game I've ever played.
,Recommended,433100,21955434,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,donAllister,"Would I recommend it? Yes, very much. Emotional story, fairly simple cues to get through the story. At times it having some of the signs in Italian made it a bit of a pain to get through, but it wasn't too bad, just a bit confusing. A few things were lost in translation.Very real in it's presentation of the subject matter. Didn't hold back much."
76561198056815950,Recommended,433100,21738080,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Get gud,"This is not your standard horror game. The Town of Light is really an expierence. This game wants you to feel uncomfortable, and it succeeds brilliantly. The music too is very eery. If you want to play this it will require some patience, but if you stay with it you'll be wierded out. Definitely not a game to be played if you hate mental assylums!"
,Recommended,433100,21489193,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"The game is definetly interesting, but given the length and the fact that it is more of a story/book than a game, I doubt the price is worth.The story is a nice portal into the lives of people with mental disabilities, which is an area often missed."
,Recommended,433100,21552481,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CUDGEdaveUK,Absolutly bloody brilliant.
,Recommended,433100,21482290,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Godislove4u,it looks really nice on the oculus rift very smooth and for once a game where the control pad works with the game it seems like a lot of time was put into this game a well done story with gripping naration it is a deep and entertaining game with suspense and drama i would suggest this to a mature audience not for kids it has real relative themes actually it would be good for younger people to educate them on the reality of the worldhave u wanted to step into a movie or temporarily into the life of another this is that experience but it will effect u this game will bring back memories make u smile and cry too possibly u will get mad glad and sad its deep very deep so much detail into each part of the game each scene like a well crafted movie this should be up for a game award and vr prize it may be to deep and serious for some who just want something dumbits not one of those horror games where u run for ur life but the narrative is very spooky at times and extrememly creepy u actually have to face fears in faith u go forward and overcome themi love people because Jesus loves me and u2
,Recommended,433100,23647342,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,neoadorable,"Exploration/narrative game that deals with very troubling issues of mental health and the treatment of ""crazy"" people in mental hospitals. Very ambiguous storytelling, sometimes disjointed, probably done on purpose because it's not clear even who the protagonist is and the whole idea is the effects of mental sickness on people. Overall good but not terribly interesting, and has some really awkward voice acting that sounds more like a stilted Siri at times than an actual person acting. Not bad if you care about the topic and want to support the developers, but definitel not a must.6/10"
,Recommended,433100,25607474,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ᴺʸˣᵒˡᵃˢ ᶜᵃᵍᵉ,"Do you hear the voices, too?"
76561197985172700,Recommended,433100,21507431,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,katan28,"Let's start with the simple observation that this is game that was written in Italian for an Italian voice actor. So do yourself a favour and set the voice language on Italian. It is so much better than the English translation.To get to business. This game  is a gripping memoire about mental illness, childhood trauma and the state of psychiatry in 1930's, 1940's Italy. It is quite confronting, so be warned.Nevertheless, the storytelling is excellent. This is what carries the game. The visuals on the other hand are okay (could be a whole lot better though, but hey, it is an indie product) and the sound effects are just adequate. So, if you have a couple of hours to spare and are in the mood for a beautiful Italian tale of woe, go ahead, play it!+excellent storytelling+amazing details in the decor+decent music- mediocre visuals that are heavy on your GPU-sound effects are bland8/10"
,Not Recommended,433100,24618347,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,spencerthegrey,"I was really disappointed by this game. After watching the trailer and seeing the rave reviews I expected an overwhelming emotional thing, but it turns out I was left with an incredibly tedious experience. The game world is PRETTY, but totally lacking in atmosphere and any kind of tension. The few shock-factor moments are robbed of their impact by the long periods where you do nothing but walk around.This game is only going to impact people who don't have a clue how these places used to operate, and how bad things were. If anything, I'd say this was a pretty tame interpretation. If you're looking for an actually disturbing psychological horror game, I'd say you're better off with The Cat Lady.I was so ready to like this game, but it just doesn't deliver."
,Recommended,433100,22822518,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Silent_Storm,Excellent... Worth playing again
,Recommended,433100,23118728,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,t.tv/mynameisristo,"It's a pretty good psychological drama. The game could use some improvements, but I liked it regardless."
,Recommended,433100,33443881,Posted: 10 July,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"I did not like this game. Still leaving a positive review.Very visually pretty game. I spent about an hour in it, did not find it fun. I was playing in the Oculus Rift and the motion sickness was unbareable for me. I play flying games and games where people report horrible sickness without any issues. For some reason, with any camera sensitity this game still made me sick.I tried playing it outside the VR. It reminded me of Myst. You have to intereact with all the objects to get anywhere or get the story and I find it quite slow and tedious. If you enjoy a slow placed game/interactive story that is heavy on detail and art. This is a great game."
76561198118636120,Recommended,433100,23117427,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hatefulcat,"If you have a minimum sensitivity this game will you get under your skin and would want to make you scream for the sufferings and horrors to which the protagonist is subjected but you can not because as much as you are indignant, as much you are aware that most of the old asylums were not happy places to (put it shortly) you will nerve truly know the sorrow and distress that the main protagonist and all the other souls who have been forgotten and left to rot.I recommend you to play it if you're into narrative and explorative game."
,Recommended,433100,21565609,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Pukerud,Great game if you have the stomach to play horro in vr. Not so great when you dont :)I just cant play it in VR to creepy.
76561198155819716,Not Recommended,433100,21809150,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Trashman,"There are a lot of features to Town of Light which should ensure it is a strong, narrative driven game. The voice acting is excellent, as are some of the set-pieces. Unfortunately there are so many aspects that let it down.There are some graphical issues, nothing excessive, but when the game was in high the frame rate suffered dramatically (possibly my computer but its specified well above the games requirements). Also, the opening puzzle, involving pushing Charlotte in the wheelchair were clunky and difficult to control, with some glitches that could you leave you stuck in the elevator.While the game has some important things to say about how patients in institutions were treated, the developers work too hard in cramming as many awful events as possible. Not only that but the sudden switches in the gameplay, from walking simulator, to a choice based game that affects how you access certain chapters but has little to no affect on the overall ending, is jarring.The sandbox style clashes with the narrative driven nature of the game as well. Some chapters are skipped completely if the right items are not discovered, but for the most part there is very little reward for actually searching the enviroment, leading you to take the fastest route through the game.At just over four hours of gameplay available, and the narrative only really holding your attention towards the final leg, it's also a very costly game. Honestly the game was just a tad disappointing."
76561198141276932,Recommended,433100,21951411,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,HappySlayer,"Great game if you like psychology horror! Really enjoyed unraveling the story behind Renée. The graphics were great as well as the audio which came togther along with other things to make a terrifying yet calm atmosphere. I liked how the game was scary but not full of jumpscares and real AI threats, but more of the silence of the place your in and Renée's thoughts make a scary and sad story. I also liked that there were mutliple outcomes of the story based on your actions, I wasn't expecting this at all. Voice acting was also great, I had no idea Cryotiac would be in this game, I was in shock when I heard his voice! Would recommned this to anyone who likes these kind of games. Only down side I can think of is that I think the game could give you more direction. You were able to use the 'H' key for hints, but I noticed when I watched play throughs after I played it they didnt explore all the rooms and get all the cutscenes to help capture the story. Apart from that it was an amazing game, really enjoyed it overall!"
76561198034334287,Recommended,433100,22030893,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,TheVelourFog,"Finished in one sitting, and would've been shorter had I realized earlier that H gave hints on where to go. I wouldn't say there was any horror to it but it was plenty disturbing.I looked into the 'real facts and places' this was based on and found Ospedale Psichiatrico di Volterra - a psychiatric hospital shut down for malpractice and cruel conditions that people called 'the place of no return' because of patients that would never be released. So the game's writers did their research, and pictures of the abondoned hospital show how spot on the game's art and design work really is.The narrative was weak though and marred by what I thought was terrible voice-acting, and any choices presented in the game seemed pointless, but the documents pieced most of it together and the cut scenes brought the drama. All in all it delivered a good story - by good I mean painfully depressing - and an accurate glimpse into a harrowing bit of history, which is basically everything the game promised. It can be hard to justify the price though for what was essentially a two hour movie."
76561198117261163,Recommended,433100,21491261,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mi Trang,"I'm having an issue with running this game. It'll give me a windows pop up saying the .exe has stopped working after the first 20 seconds or so. I've since made sure all of my drivers are up to date, rechecked the system reqs and made sure I surpassed them, rebooted my pc, etc. Still having the problem. Can someone help me please?"
,Recommended,433100,21922868,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,VanillaSin,"This game gets a 7/10+cool atmosphere and stunning graphics+Nicely narrated+definitely an experience, saying this in a sober way because this 'game' is literally a sort of documentary on how things went in asylums in the early days+you keep waiting for jump scares-story is great but because you only walk through it, you can't change anything or have any kind of impact which is a tad depressing-graphical storyline will be uncomfortable at times, there's a few moments here and there where you go through some seriously uncomfortable scenes so if you don't like graphical things I wouldn't suggest playing this-the ending comes short and sort of 'leaves you' there on the spot.-no added creepy things, no one jumping out and no interactive jump scares(which can be a plus)I recommend it as a learning thing, it's a great way to bring someone closer to the psychological aspect of how asylums worked and it gets you thinking but it's not a walk in the park. It'll leave you thinking for sure. I personally would have loved more interactive stuff or more, choice making but if you go in with a sober mind and you like atmospheric games give it a go."
,Recommended,433100,21532005,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MonsterJoeShow,"Hello all I have so far I've played this game around 45 minute's and yes lots of walking very slow and at time very very slow but thats not the point the point is the more I played the more I wanted to see the game pulled me in to try and find out more of what happen to her. I did at time's get lost but you do have a help button I did at time's feel my own emotion pulled in to the game at one point I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at what the boss did to her I could of stabed that dude in the eye. For me even if people say the game is only a little over 3 hrs long the price was well worth the experience I am haveing. As far as what the game looks like well you can tell a lot of time,care and love was used when this game was being developed I hope this helps you make up your own mind when looking to buy this game."
,Recommended,433100,25456212,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,CrackerBlack,"Short, but enjoyable. Gave me the most confusing boner in some areas."
76561198251913558,Recommended,433100,21883433,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,bradleyhutchinson0,"Very well done, with a great tense atmosphere that easily overrides any minor spelling or grammer mistakes."
,Recommended,433100,22884316,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Henrik,"Tentatively positive after playing ~40 min with the Oculus Rift CV1.A game with a story to tell, but haven't gotten very far yet to tell how good it would be.Some remarks on the Oculus Rift experience.After opting into the vr branch for the game it started working after a little bit, was a bit fiddly with having to restart the game a couple of times and testing different things before it started working.The VR experience was pretty good. There was nice immersion and the slow movement pace of the character helped reduce most of the potential discomfort. Some things seems extremely out of scale with light switches being huge and placed quite a ways up the walls, as well as the protagonists arms early in the game being quite huge and ending at the shoulder (obviously a model made for non-vr). The mechanic of looking at items up close was quite neat in VR, sadly I don't speak italian so it feels like a lot of content went straight over my head since there were no seeming on-screen translations for the documents so I just stopped picking them up and don't bother with the maps either.The major issue I had with the game was the character rotation on the gamepad. Firstly the default sensitivity was set insanely high which made for an extremely uncomfortable couple of minutes in the start, I had to go into the settings and basically floor the gamepad sensitivity for it to feel decent. Might be something for the devs to consider to start it out lower if the first time the game is started is in VR. Secondly for some reason rotation when using the right thumbstick on the gamepad causes framedrops or jerkiness (very hard to tell which) which was the main problem for the discomfort I felt. At the end of my 40 minutes I started feeling eye strain and increasing discomfort which is why I stopped playing for the day, and it was mostly due to this jerkiness when rotating the character. Whereas simply looking around the room with the headset was perfectly smooth so it feels like something odd is going on just when rotating (works just walking around without rotating and looking around in the headset, no jerkiness at all).Also the on-screen text jumps around quite a bit when looking around in the headset like there is some snapping/rounding issue.tl;drSo far I can recommend the game, we will see what tomorrow holds. Would be nice though if the jerkiness could be reduced so it is more comfortable to play in VR."
76561198071097921,Recommended,433100,23107550,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,I put my doll into a wheelchair and walked her through a mental institution...Ok ....I picked up a book and seen terrifying pictures of what appeared to be vivisection....Ok...I was trapped in a room and something opened the door for me and ran away laughing like a crazy person...Ok..The walls appear to be talking and making noises....um well....ok...I'm alone in a freaking old abandoned mental institution....NOT OK!!!! Get me the hell out of here!!!! Great game highly recommended if you can appreciate the psychological horror vs jump scares and gore..well done devs.
76561198089430876,Recommended,433100,21860562,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,NotoriousNiall,i thought the game was very interesting it can be hard to follow but warrants a second playthrough for sure the games not very long i completed in one sitting
76561197969017329,Not Recommended,433100,21754372,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Skumball,"While the subject matter is interesting I cannot recommend this game as it really is just a glorified walking simulator. The player moves at an agonising slow pace, guided from point A to B to C to uncover snippets of story. The graphics are good, so are the voice acting and the audio in general, but from a gameply perspective and even from an interactive experience, this fails quite considerably."
,Not Recommended,433100,22815978,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FemSpock,"Movement speed is excruciatingly slow (even for a narrative exploration experience), translations are choppy at best, and overall, the entire experience lacks impact. If executed better, the game could have been fantastic, but it wasn't. I can't believe how many good reviews this title has. I'm generally easy to please, and a huge fan of exploration games like this, but wow, this was bad."
76561198289472085,Recommended,433100,33945354,Posted: 1 August,all,dwxsy,A truly impressive experience!
,Recommended,433100,22144747,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,eazymode,"Good story ,horror, ok game."
76561198169037110,Recommended,433100,22771179,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,rbitner81,I bought this game for my cv1 rift but for the life of me I can't get the vr mode to work. Iv searched forums the Internet. If anyone has any tips it would be much appreciated.
,Not Recommended,433100,24328309,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Know_your_name,I started the game and it clashes right after the opening intro. Is it very heavy for my laptop? Is it just my prob or does anyone have this prob as well?
,Recommended,433100,31143545,Posted: 14 April,all,Squatch Crafter,i thought it was a good game varry creapy and mentoly confusing
,Not Recommended,433100,21540940,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TakeTwiceDaily,"If one likes games similar to visual novels, then this is the game for you.The story was well-written, loved the way it was told from the beginning and the audio of the game was great but sadly thats where I have to stop praising the game.I feel as though labeling this game as more of an experience than a horror/adventure game would be more appropriate.  The elements of the game more involved having you go through different parts of the game in order to piece together the story of what occurred.  Thats the major reason why i give this a non-recommendation, other reasons pertain to the repetition of the audio and the gameplay mechanics.The audio was well placed but I could tell where it was looping and I felt like they were in my ear the whole time, not all around me.  If the sound had more depth to it, example; if there was a location i needed to be it would get louder the closer i approached it.  The sound would only occur and at full volume when you are at the location.The only puzzle I stumbled upon after an hour of gameplay was to heat up the water and even then there was no reason for it.  There was a note to do each part in a certain order, which i messed up at first but the game didn't punish me for it.  I was able to complete it without those instructions rendering them useless.  Also there were no other options other than pick/look at item move to next location and make noted decisions.I will probably play through the whole game because I like well-driven story games but I feel a bit cheated out of the horror/adventure part of the game.*Update 2/29* (response to developer note)I see, this makes a lot of sense because I have seen the issue you have stated happen with a lot of games on steam.  I do apologize if I did not at first see the intent of a pure psychological adventure game, which the game shows a good amount of. Thank you for your explanation and I will continue to enjoy the game further and update the post if I find any errors or concerns."
,Not Recommended,433100,21774768,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jhonnies M.,"Exploitative and not scary. Watch Jacob's Ladder or play Masochisia for a much better experience on mental illness and madness. Other good titles of the sort are The Cat Lady and Downfall.For better games set in asylums, Fran Bow, Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth and Sanitarium are your better choices."
,Not Recommended,433100,31583213,Posted: 6 May,all,Bodomi,"I really did want to enjoy this game.The artwork, here on the store page, is great, the voice acting is up there and there is an overwhelming amount of positive reviews, but the game just doesn't hold up for me.The controls are terrible, mainly due to strafing in this game being horrible.When you strafe, in other words hold W and A or D at the same time to strafe to the left/right while walking forward, it slows you down significantly forcing you to walk straight forward, stop and then turn when you want to turn left or right, much like how The Sims characters walk.The gameplay is slow and boring and there is this constant, forced atmosphere of something creepy, there's a constant feel that a jump scare is about to happen but it never does.I have no problem whatsoever with a creepy atmosphere, but the way it's done in this game is just bad.There is no keybinding/controls menu. There is no proper sounds menu, just 1 over-all ""Volume"" slider, meaning you cant make the voice louder, lower the music etc...If you want to make the voice louder you need to make everything louder.You can't run, you can't jump. You can only use WASD.If you could at least speed the process up I might not have had such a negative experience, but as it stands I cant recommend this game.The price is ridiculous for both the quality of the game and the length of it.Also, the graphics seem like they are from 2012, not 2016.The description of the game on the store page really feel like lies to me.>Realistic 3d graphicsThe graphics are horrible and do not at all represent anything realistic.>Based on real facts and events.It is the same regurgitated mumbo-jumbo you've seen in a ton of horror movies that explore old hospitals and such.>Strong narrative componentNo there isn't. You play as a mentally ill woman that for whatever reason is exploring a facility she was kept in because she is schizophrenic or something while getting flashbacks."
76561198030717099,Not Recommended,433100,23838139,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lyre,"An interesting and catchy story full of sadness within a bad game.I've enjoyed voice acting (I used Italian voice language) and music of game pretty much. The story made me to finish the game. But the game itself is poor both in visual and gameplay terms (both for horror's and ""walking game"" jenres). Visuals are too bad for a fame asking 12$ (I've bouth it for 8), level design is interesting in terms of documental vision but awful in terms of leading player. Walking is REALLY slow. And there are chapters, in which you'll definitely notice low pace of MC.If you gonna buy the game, wait for really big discount. Otherwise, its better to buy, for example, Layers of Fear - for the same money (btw right now it's even cheaper) and same length but with much more quality and more interesting.Mainly, my concern is that game doesn't worth it's money. If you consider it's pretty cheap even now and like short-length art-house games with all their cons and pros, you'll probably like this game."
76561198288791617,Not Recommended,433100,30119396,Posted: 23 February,all,krimsons,"I forgot about this game for a while and, honestly, I don't have much desire to finish it. The graphics and designs are nice but they don't create an atmosphere. Walking simulators do work in horror games but for this you need a catching plot that makes you interested in playing the game to the end. And that's what The Town of Light lacks the most, plot just doesn't intrigue you. It's quite plain and events develop too slow.. Maaaaaybe there's some plot-twist and something unexpected happens in the end but I don't know since I simply was too bored to finish this game. The game had potential since abandoned asylum is a nice trope and an excellent setting for making creepy stories. But oh well.."
76561198128522648,Not Recommended,433100,24064899,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,mintybee,"I love walking simulators, and I love games set in abandoned asylums. I thought I'd love this, but no such luck. The story was boring and cliched. It's already been told before in other similar games. The sound effects were terrible, just cutting off abruptly when the loop plays out. Graphics were pretty good, but once you've seen one wing of the asylum, you've seen it all. There was no variety in the different rooms or wings. I didn't even finish it, althought I got pretty close to the end. I had absolutely no interest in the plot, or to explore."
,Not Recommended,433100,22149867,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sceadugenga,"The essence of this game is very heavy in its tone, and in how it portrays the events of Renee. So do be prepared for the unraveling of her memories, black and white illustrations, and case file descriptions that depict harsh abuse, neglect, and sexual and medical violations. I am not entirely sure if all the descriptions are combinations of actual happenings that occurred at the real institution that this game is based off of, or if they simply wrote it for the game, either way it's still something that is heavy for game play.The main thing to keep in mind, is that this is much more like discovering the points of, and interacting inside of, a story. It's less about playing a game, and more about following through an environment and guided through specific points to see what had happened with Renee, during the time she was institutionalized. You get to different places or objects, at which you will need to do something to find out more about what happened with Renee, the character you are playing as.I had a few problems with some of the objects that I was being guided to manipulate. I had one object get stuck when moving it to another location.Spoiler:Sometimes the goal of task felt awkward, and possibly distracting from the dark and serious tones of the rest of the game. In one instance, I was needing to move a doll, one that you find during your exploring, and it's clear that Renee recognizes the doll like an old friend and identifies with it. Renee's doll, an object of which she has attached her own sense of self to, is ""cold"" and ""scared"" and it becomes Renee's preoccupation to make sure this doll feels safe. At this point you must find a way to ""warm"" her up. Renee speaks to you persistently, until you get this done, and then also speaks hints directly to you if you aren't quite getting to where you need to go or what to do. At one point, I was moving the doll up to another floor via an old wheel chair. It was awkward and got stuck in the elevator. Moving a doll in a wheel chair to another part of the map was not something I felt was scary, or telling, it felt comical.  I do realize that the game is focused on those of the ""insane"", but this seemed to cross a line over into ""ridiculous"" for me that broke the immersion experience.Overall, I hope they keep working on the game, and improve a bit more how they portray the game being played. I think it's important that people understand the graphic concepts being presented in this story, so they know what to expect."
,Not Recommended,433100,24656699,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,anonymouswiebe,"After reading the positive reviews, I bought it, played a bit, and then read the negative reviews.Like others have said the game felt more like a chore than an experience and the price is too high for what it delivers.After completing 9 chapters in 2.2 hours I didn't feel like completing the game and decided to write this review and then wash my dishes and do some laundry instead.Without spoiling any of the plot here are some reasons why The Town of Light is a to do list rather than a game.- In the beginning you have no clue what to do but then realise you have to walk around an abandoned psychiatric ward to jolt your memories of the time you yourself were committed.- You slowly shuffle around rather than walk. No, shift does not work.- Signs are in Italian and not always translated, apparently the hospital is somewhere near Pisa.- After completing each task the narrator, you yourself, gives a clue about what the next task is.- Now and then make decisions which have no impact on the next to do item on your list.- Repeat previous two steps until shocking conclusion I didn't care to find out since there was neither suspense build up, atmosphere, nor mystery.In conclusion, if you are very patient (pun intended) and want to know more about psychiatric wards before world war 2 in Italy then by all means, go crazy, get this game, enjoy it, and then comment on this review about how ignorant it is.Oh, one last thing.- There is a cool sequence in chapter 2 or 3 where gravity shifts and you're stepping from the floor onto the wall and feel like you're in the movie inception."
76561198092988794,Not Recommended,433100,29903653,Posted: 13 February,all,Koppuru,"The Story might be good but I never came this far to say something like this.I just got stuck in a lot of places and I need to restart the whole game because I couldn't unstuck me.The game has a nice atmosphere and decent graphics but the bugs were to ""game-breaking"" for me to play it any further.At least I refunded the game."
76561197995941131,Not Recommended,433100,24158212,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Masn45,"Can't recommend, if you want to use CV1 with this."
,Not Recommended,433100,21494198,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LIKOVITCH #fsociety,I am sorry to be the first who writes negative review for this...I was really happy when I saw that this new psychological story based walking simulator is going to be released. I bought it and then I realized that it was very different than I thought.+hand drawn cut-scenes+overall feeling+location+psychologicalthose are the only things I enjoyed :/ now let´s get to the bad ones-use of Unity engine and below average optimization (I am not saying it´s bad)-sounds (it sounded like they took the first stock sound of fly and put it in game)-animations (I am not sure if you could call those animations)-slow walking (I know this should be slow paced game but why do you make me walk THAT slow)-walking (like you walked on flat surface all the time)I can compare the cons to other free horror games that people (not studios) release. (most of the negatives appear in the original slenderman for example)So to sum this up I don´t recommend the game :/However if you can go with all those cons then you should buy this game!Thanks for reading my review :)
,Not Recommended,433100,32532531,Posted: 18 June,all,watworlditis,"Wondering around in an abondoned building is really not my type. Honestly I didn't have any clue about where I should go or explore in this entire game. I am still struggling in Ch.5, maybe it would change afterward.************finished the game after I post the previous review. Maybe it is because I was too stupid to realise the game's hint on where to go and so on, but still it always took me extra minutes to wonder around and find the next place.The ending is great, storyline is actually not bad. The background of the story about mistreating patients with mental illness is also quite interesting. The admosphere of the game which causes players to doubt the main character's memories is well constructed.But overall, I still can't enjoy this game very much, most of the time I wasn't attracted by the story, instead thinking about ""why the main character can't walk faster"",""where is the hearse mentioned in the hint"" and something like that. So I decided not to change my opinion for this game.And thx to developer for the quick respond to my frustration in the previous review."
76561198209016668,Not Recommended,433100,21802914,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,mustgetout,"there are some issues with the controllers causing the player to spin around, installing this game gave some issues to my pc wich caused me to turn it off a couple of times.The Game itself is not really interesting, I've seen many good reviews and was following the development team but got really disappointed. My biggest disappointment is the sound: music triggers and sop suddenly, most of the times you don't have any ambience playing in the background, footsteps are not well randomized, loops are too evident and the sound design itself is quite raw. I thought this game was going to be a really good indie but instead it is dull and not really well made except for the look and the fidelity with the real asilum."
76561198016779748,Not Recommended,433100,24604138,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bluega,"Most glitchy game I ahve ever tried to play.  Litterally unplayablee wont start in oculus.  When it does start in desktop mode, it constantly centers the mouse leaving you unable to select new game.  Refund was refused.  DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,433100,29905666,Posted: 13 February,all,NIV7,"This is not a game at all -- it is a movie that the user advances by holding the 'forward' key.I cannot emphasize enough how frustrating and laborious it was for me to get to the end of this program. If you like watching a stranger explain important moments of their life to you while they page through a scrapbook, this program is for you.I see it described as an explore-o-horror and a psychological thriller, but it is neither of these things, due to some stupefying, counterintuitive design decisions that drown the two interesting moments in an ocean of frustration, wasted time, and missed opportunities.This is not a horror game, except perhaps by players expecting anything like the preview videos and descriptions. The designers chose to convey a story linearly that, except perhaps the very end, didn't need to be told in a linear fashion at all. This is, I feel, what spelt doom for this product, and turned it from a game into ... whatever it is. Some users may find the story resonates with them, but the complete lack of interactivity* kept me at a distance the entire time.There is absolutely no exploration available in this program at all. This is Call of Duty, with no shooting and even fewer checkpoints. The studio responsible for this took a large area, rendered in loving detail, and then -- because they had decided on a linear narrative -- turned that gorgeous map into one long corridor. Worse, to progress the narrative the user must find very specific pixels to click on, with a hint button** that turns each story moment into an FPS objective that you follow a corridor to and ""interact"" with. Worst of all -- because the studio committed to a linear narrative -- areas in each building are arbitrarily locked until the plot is progressed. Users are not rewarded for exploring by finding keys or clues or items that can be used elsewhere to unlock or reveal story moments -- they are at all but one time*** led by the nose, as if by an authoritarian tour guide. Users who explore will find only dead ends and that their time has been wasted.What is the point of rendering a real location in exquisite detail, with some historical documents no less, if there is only one physical path from beginning to end? Why would users prefer to hold a button to hear narration and watch (unskippable) cutscenes *rather than* watch a movie or listen to an audiobook? This studio took a specific time period and place with many horrific stories, and wasted their emotional potentional by making a program that is not quite a movie, not quite an audiobook, and grafting those media styles onto only one single story that, I guess, justified ""hold one button on a keyboard"" as the best way to tell it.There are many more smaller, (probably) more nitpicky design decisions that aggravated me, but due to how terrible the main experience was, they were incredibly apparent and only added to this program's seemingly total ineptitude to be even minimally a walking sim, much less a game.*There are a few 'dialogue' choices that generate different narrations, but the overall story -- and, most importantly, the corridor/narration/cutscene style -- does not change.**This seems like a great idea for more casual or time-pressed players who may need it, especially using an in-game voice to maintain immersion. Making them explicit is what ruined it as an interesting aspect for me, rather than, for example, having the voice wonder about possibilities. E.g. ""I wonder if we can restore power,"" versus ""Let's look for the generator.""***Chapter 13 is as close as this program gets to being a game, and I played that checkpoint several more times because it was the only enjoyable part for me."
76561198084849788,Not Recommended,433100,24421008,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Willy Wonker touched my Honker,"thought it was kinda bland and pretensious. i think the mental asylum bit has been done to death too many times. i also expected more enviromental interaction, but that seems to be relegated to opening doors and reading notes. i also found it a bit tacky the developers put their awards in the game."
,Not Recommended,433100,26364431,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Papa Wolf,"Typically I like this kind of games, especially, when there's some ""historical"" background to it.But this one is only frustrating. The story is not told that good, that it could let you misremember the gameplay. And it is bad! Crashes, graphical glitches, bad performance although the game is not that beautiful, no rebindable keys, music and sound loops which won't stop for hours, sometimes pressed keys just get forgotten, or you cant pause (it's only an overlay anyway). Text will be on screen long after the menu or letter is dismissed or you simply can not close the detail-view.And then there is the walking speed. It is waaay to slow. I don't know why, but I got the feeling, that the game also cuts the walking speed depending on the overall performance or something. Plus: Don't try to walk diagonal, speed will be cut again."
76561198211151300,Not Recommended,433100,29464689,Posted: 24 January,all,SuperCatMan,"After a couple of days I decided to change my review. Actually even though the game is depressing and I hated it after the first iteration it has something in it. So after sort of digesting it I can tell now it pros and cons.Pros:- the interior and exteriof of REAL lunatic asylum was recreated in every detail (this is Volterra Psychiatric Hospital that was closed in 1978 when the the Italian government has banned electroshock therapy- the whole story is real, it's a sort of a compilation of a typical story of a patient of that asylum.I mean there are real evidenced that things of that kind really happened.- it feels like you're wandering this hospital for real- in the end the game makes you think about a lot of ethical things like ""what do we do with people with mental illness? is it legit to tie them down and to use therapy that can change their personality forever"" these questions are still acute today (but I'd love the developers elaborate more on this topic in the documents or in the diary), Anyway that game made me read A LOT about lobotomy.Cons- really depressing- buggy- rather short- not enough 'documents'- is not scary at all (except for the brochures that teach you how to cut the limbs)- the story is a bit too trivial (again if it's about ethics there should have been more documents, more questionable situations)Still I'm not sure if I can recommend this game. It's an experience that will make you feel uncomfortable and that will make you question yourself. But it's in no way entertaining. So the game is just not for everyone  and if you're more into purely entertaining thing, then I wouldn't recommend the game."
76561198004324233,Not Recommended,433100,25577685,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Loupy78,"Reason one - crashed at chapter 12..... then wanted me to start again - NO!  I was only playing to continue and complete.Reason Two - I found it very unintuitiveReason Three - Horror - I dont think so - a very sad story yes, Horror no - there is nothing scary about this gameReason Four - Female protagonist - kinda - you expect a hero not what you get here, I play a lot of games and there is no protagonist in my eyes in this gameReason Five - Exploration - again No - you only go where the game allows.Sorry, with these tags I was like YAY and it is a very big NAY"
76561197974774017,Not Recommended,433100,32067789,Posted: 30 May,all,Ulysses Hood,"To progress through this game it isn’t clear where one has to go within the abandoned asylum building so I soon became tired of searching the different rooms which don’t look too different from one another and watched a You-Tube walk through for where I was to go next. Maybe it was the X-Box version since it had hints which I didn’t see in my PC version, but the point is, I began to realise that watching the walk through removed all the tedium from actually walking slowly through the unremarkable scenery yet it provided all the story. It therefore begs the question - what’s the point? Just watch it on You-Tube instead for free and save a bit of hassle and a bit of money. But instead of completing the game, or watching it completed on You-Tube, I decided to spend my time on something more worthwhile instead. It might be an interesting story, but it’s not worth waiting for it to be gradually protracted out."
76561198069984520,Not Recommended,433100,30254337,Posted: 28 February,all,Jungle Child 1969,"This game is overpriced for it's content and does not live up to the media reivews at all.The gameplay and controlls are poorly designed,the only way you can progress in the game is literally walking over to places the narrator tells you to go.The plot is uninteresting while the story telling is drown in narration and mundane flashbacks, which is how the game fails it's purpose to portray the lives and inner thoughts of the mentally disturbed in a fashion that is appeal to video games.Most of the details, narration and sound effects in this game fail to come together and create a proper mood or ambience. I'm distanced from the plot that I do not feel fear, anxious or sad in most portions of my play through.Maybe this can be considered somewhat proper for the purpose of this particular game but it still bothers me that the context of the ""present"" events happend in the game is not properly explained and is not implied untill the very end.It's good that they recreated a real life asylum in details,but the completely linear design makes it pointless.All in all, the whole experience is more of walking through a dull piece of educational material for high school students than playing an actual game, do not waste your money on this."
76561197991306990,Not Recommended,433100,21537428,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,samsonite789,"Developers of this game:If you want to hold people's attention, you must do the following:1. If your game relies on first person narrative that's held together by voice acting, make sure the voice acting isn't retchingly terrible.  Please.  Hire.  Good.  Voice.  Actors.2. If your game, for some reason, wants to emulate Dear Esther's horrifyingly boring walking simulation, then for the love of god PLEASE include the option to run.  I don't care how good your graphics are, just let us run."
76561198119205709,Not Recommended,433100,25611582,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tallywaka,"I was really excited for this game. It looks and even felt like, at first, a fresh take on the 1st/3rd person adventure horror of the mundane task of visting an insane asylum. I was mistaken. Great concept, but this is not a horror game. This actually really isnt even a game. Its segments of memories of a ""dark"" journey and unfortunate circumstances. No substance. No objectives other than walking into rooms and looking for the next cinematic to appear. Really nothing to this but flash backs.If you are looking for a horror game, look somewhere else because this is not it."
76561198029552432,Not Recommended,433100,25609214,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Farkenel,"Only reason I bought this was for VR. Graphics are meh, very meh. And VR support is very beta /preliminary. Steam should stop selling games like this tagged as VR when it still needs work. Honestly, why do I have to press CTRL+L to initiate VR?? I'm a gamer not a test subject."
76561198005444839,Not Recommended,433100,21557019,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,William_Dracul,"This is actually a good simulator of a derelict, forsaken building. It's probably the most credile representation of a building ravaged by decades of desuse.Other than that, the story is not so interesting or shocking (for me at least, maybe people less familiar with 1850-1950 mental institutions may find this surprising), and it's indeed quite boring.But hey! Maybe you dig softcore calm horror. Also, if you have OCD, you will spend more times opening or closing the windows, doors and cabinets that actually playing."
,Not Recommended,433100,21509079,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[Sup~portWK]Vhak,"Making you click every door to see which has magically unlocked after progressing through a chapter and to trigger the next monologue isn't interesting, isn't good storytelling, and bad game design. Making me an active participant in my own boredom is a pretty mean thing to do."
76561198164634587,Not Recommended,433100,25276226,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,pineappplejack,"I can't play it, it just moves so slow so far.. i really like different games but this just bored the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.maybe ill give it another try soon, but i definetly don't recommend this game."
76561198008186680,Not Recommended,433100,21523316,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HeyApple,Wow the voice acting Is so bad that It makes you cringe hard. She's not even trying!!It's a slow walking simulator with good art style but everything else Is mediocre.
,Not Recommended,433100,26395159,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lemmonly 🌸,"The way they tell the story as she gains her memories is awkwardly placed not good. Its story a lot of potential but it felt very try hard when it came to making the girl have a disorder, which threw the game off a lot. Definitely not worth 19 dollars."
76561198288351272,Not Recommended,433100,22618394,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ceasertp,i am sorry to say but this game will not load or play on my computer which is windows 7
,Not Recommended,433100,24832420,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Major Brighton,"BE WARNED, THIS DID NOT WORK AT ALL FOR VR AND I COULD NOT GET MY REFUND + BUGGY AS HELL AT START + GRAPHICS ARE NOT POLISHED ENOUGH"
,Not Recommended,433100,21522435,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DXXter,"I bought this game as it has experimental VR-Support. When I tried playing it with my Oculus Rift DK2 it made me motion sick almost instantaniously because there are severe problems with the movement. For on, your movement direction is not synced to your head orientation. The movement itself feels strange because it feels like you ""float"" around. Level design (I do understand it is an exact recreation of a real environment - but still) doesn't help, because almost every room requires you to turn around full 180 degrees to leave again.If you intend on playing this game in VR I cannot recommend it. For all other intends and purposes, I just didn't make it far enough into the game because of motion sickness, so cannot really comment on that."
,Not Recommended,433100,29432156,Posted: 22 January,all,Kamarie,"Hi I am a relatively new gamer...I liked this game because the puzzles are simple and the story is very dark and interesting. And that's the way I like it.However, the bugs or glitches which the developers like to say are ""rare"" are anything but that. The game will not save past chapter 8 (at least for me) forcing you to redo the same chapters over and over. The bugs prevent you from performing the actions you need to in order to continue on with the story so once again you have to redo everything.The hints and sounds associated with the hints do not always work. Flashbacks are repetitive. And honestly if that doesn't tell you that this game isn't worth 18.99 I don't know what will. I am thoroughly disappointed and angry that I can't even FINISH this game as a result of the these so called bugs.Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,433100,25828046,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ender,"Not nearly as engaging as most decent walking simulators out there.  The story is just vaguely interesting enough to keep you going. My Recommendation, save the $19 and watch a Let's Play."
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,433100,28429240,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Candy Corpse,Might or might not be a good game...Sadly I couldnt enjoy it much since it keeps crashing every few minutes.
,Not Recommended,433100,25789351,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Star Guardian Lunoirr,"Just an FYI for anyone looking to purchase this game; it contains, in my opinion, a rather graphic visual and description about♥♥♥♥♥♥and sexual abuse. Pretty early in. Nothing on this store page represents that, warning that a game is intended for adults based on contents could mean anything from humour, nudity to extremely heavy gore.Yes, it's horrifying but I'm not sure it's done in the right way."
76561198117732628,Not Recommended,433100,21534836,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jakeschwartz38,"This game has some of the worst stability/performance issues I've ever seen. Tried to get through five minutes without it crashing a total of 15 times. If you want to give this game a shot, keep your task manager and a bottle of aspirin ready, because it is a HEADACHE"
76561198032623444,Not Recommended,433100,30194051,Posted: 26 February,all,ScottHendo93,can't even play the game. the game goes about 10 seconds into the story then just keeps freezing & i have to keep closing it down & starting again. can't recommend the game because i am yet to actually fully play it
,Not Recommended,433100,26290450,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,COCK,could have been more intense
76561198053064548,Not Recommended,433100,33361830,Posted: 7 July,all,Lisk,"If you are looking for a good game, go else where, most time spent walking aimlessly as game seems to try and stall time as much as possible. Storywise if anything its just cryptic and put together in peices."
76561198119333991,Not Recommended,433100,23897762,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,chriscarmad,One word... Boring!
,Not Recommended,433100,31570196,Posted: 5 May,all,PhilBetter,Boring......waste of money IMO.
76561197970746932,Not Recommended,433100,23824431,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CumShot,VR NO - Motion Sickness
,Not Recommended,433100,23015907,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mr. Email,Game sucks lol.
,Not Recommended,433100,23915729,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shadez,This was the biggest waste of time varry boring story. Made me want to commit sudoku!pros:Could use the slide right at the beginningPretty gameCons:Everything eltse literally everything.
,Not Recommended,433100,33750655,Posted: 23 July,all,btimofte100,Walking simulator . terrible
,Not Recommended,433100,32028829,Posted: 28 May,all,Kamy,I don't recommend this game at all!!!
