user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,433380,22696764,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,äby,"I'll preface this review by saying that I love survival horror games. I've spent several thousands of hours playing and watching many games of the genre, including the Silent Hill, Resident Evil, Alone in the Dark and Fatal Frame series, so it goes without saying I have no problem with dated controls or graphics.I was really excited for Back in 1995, and I wanted to like it. I was practically waiting down to the hour for it to be out on Steam. I already knew it was going to be a short game, as stated in the info on steam: ""Approximate playtime is 2-3 hours"".First to put things straight, that approximation is VERY off. I completely finished everything the game had to offer in about 1.25 hours, this is INCLUDING a section that had no gameplay and was just a set of text commentary. I already expected the game to be short and wouldn't have had a problem with it were it not for my second problem with the game:Substance. The game lacks any real substance in terms of plot, story devices or a conclusion. Most of the game is spent plodding along following instructions and tidbits of newspaper clippings and notes which establish a hint at some sort of extra layer to the story that is never quite fulfilled. The living characters are basically props, they offer nothing to the story and have no characterisation or personality. Even the unvoiced protagonist has barely anything to offer. It's a shame because after thefalse endingthe game looked like it was going to take a turn for the interesting, before being cut short and ending the game (which by the way, is basically just developer commentary which while cool doesn't really make up for the lack of conclusion). This game really excels at getting your hopes up for some excitement, then letting you down abruptly.In terms of audio, I was pretty underwhelmed. There was very little sound in the game, no change of footsteps whatsoever no matter what ground you walk on. The music was, well, I at least enjoyed the opening track? A lot of the music I found to be honestly kinda jarring and not in a good way. Usually a focal point of survival horror games is the use of sound design in order to create tension, fear and a foreboding sense of danger, whereas in this game it was mostly just some noise in the background, bar a few encounters with enemies that triggered music.So how about as an actual game. Well, the enemies are laughably easy, there was perhaps ONE enemy out of I believe the four that exist in the game that was even slightly threatening, and even then I had no issue taking it down. The game throws ammunition at you, as well as health items (painkillers). I should note here that I used painkillersoncein the entire game, when I intentionally allowed an enemy to hurt me to see if they even could attack or were non-hostile. For the rest of the game I stacked up probably around 15 or 16 bottles of painkillers that went unused because I never was even touched by an enemy. This is another key focus in survival horror games, you're supposed to fear enemies, you're supposed to have a need to conserve ammo, fighting is supposed to be difficult and risky, not a cakewalk with no chance of dying. I feel like the game completely misses the point in this aspect. The other side of gameplay is made up by some ""puzzles"" that either flat out tell you the solution to them by examining notes, or involve just process of elimination. Figuring out how to progress for most of the game was simply a matter of walking around examining everything until you get the solution handed to you on a platter.I don't really want to comment on the graphics too much because one of the big appeals of this game was the graphic style, the outdated low detail polygonal models and areas. I actually liked this idea, I'm a big fan of lo-fi visuals and I think in horror games it can sometimes contribute to the experience to have limited graphics. What I will say is some of the graphics start to contort and stretch in strange ways some times which honestly looks horrid, I'm not even sure if this is intentional or not but it reminded me more of a weird emulator glitch rather than something on actual hardware of 1995.So in conclusion, while I see that the creator of this game wanted to make a homage to some of the classics of this era of gaming, I honestly think all they made was a mere collection of references to an era. The style was great, and as I stated before I really, really wanted to like it but it just simply offered very little as a gaming experience. If the aim was to make a small game that reminded people of the games they played in 1995, I feel like it fell flat. It missed the key things that made these games great: atmosphere, plot (good or bad), fear, and most importantly CLIMAX. All of those games had excitement, and genuine endings, conclusions to the gameplay. Back in 1995 offers only a trudging path of ambiguity and build-up. I don't usually judge games on playtime vs price, but more they experience they give, and I don't feel like this game had much to offer for the price to play it.Short version: Neat idea & style, executed poorly. Not worth the price it's set at."
76561197972807940,Not Recommended,433380,22969333,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,RobDog,"Two things that bother me about ""Nostalgia"" games is that they always look worse than the games from the era and they are full of references to better games. I could forgive all of that if this brought something interesting or memerable to the table. You will fine no jems here my friend. Other reviewers have said what I would say about this game. Don't bother with this one."
76561198100018913,Recommended,433380,23424259,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lunchtablebeats,"We are far from the PS1/SS days. This game seems to get a bad rep and that's a damn shame. We seem to forget that Resident Evil and Silent Hill are games that are classics, and expecting that from this game is not the way to opproach ""Back in 1995"". This game is for those people that cherish the days when you'd get a magazine from the store and find a demo disc in the back and get play all the demos for hours until you say ""OH man I want that game when it comes out!""It's not trying to be the next Survival Horror classic, All it wants to do is take you back to the days when the PS1 was kicking♥♥♥♥♥and it wants to be a little scary at the sametime.Personally I love this game, 1995 was a year before Resident Evil was released so dont compare this to that. Compare this to Alone in the Dark. That is a comparison that is more this games style and damn it does it well! I hope more games like this start coming out!"
,Recommended,433380,22700191,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,AestheticGamer,"Back in 1995 is a retro-styled survival-horror game that takes most of its influence from a 1994 Japan-only 3DO horror game known as Dr. Hauzer and Silent Hill. The game has the sort of things you would expect from such an undertaking, such as fixed camera angles, limited supplies, tank controls. What may be a bit less predictable in the journey itself.Now, let me first clarify something here and now; this game is not in the same league as the Resident Evil's and Silent Hill's of yesteryear. It doesn't even get in the remote ballpark of that level of quality during the 2-3 hour journey, and reminds me a lot more of the B-Tier horror game from that same era. I also feel I should preface this review with a mention that I am a horror enthusiast; I eat this genre right up. I played every Resident Evil and Silent Hill game through more than once ages ago, and have played more and more of the genre as time as gone on; I have played niche old titles ranging from Hungry Ghosts for the PS2 to Deep Fear on the Saturn, I've played all the Dead Space games and recently Night of the Sacrifice (Ikenie no Yoru) on the Wii, more recent indie horrors such as Left Alone and Dead Secret within the week, along with a ton of others. I have become more aware within the last few months I am beginning to run out of older horror games to play through; I have dug into the niche and the mostly forgotten, and I am almost done playing through every horror game that released before 2004, everything from the more well known Fatal Frame games to niche Korean-only PC releases. I think understanding where I'm coming from will help me explain my thoughts on this game.Back in 1995 both succeeds and misses at what it is trying to be, and also provides an unexpected element that it also both succeeds and misses in. I'll talk about both elements here.Firstly, as a retro horror game. The game actually does manage to capture that feel sometimes, particularly the feel of the B-Horror romps from yesteryear. I would put it at maybe the same quality as Chaos Break or Deep Fear, if you've played either of those. Games that have some flawed execution and rough edges, but can capture you with some well deployed curiosity. The game has four main segments, and each segment does manage to be more intriguing than the last and put new twists on the game to avoid becoming repetitive. The combat is super simple and maybe too easy for its own good; most of the enemies can be taken out pretty easily with just the crowbar you start off with, and while enemies attacks hurt, I found myself not very challenged by the game. There were a few puzzles that were a bit medium-easy in their difficulty for me, but were a bit of fun to mess around with.The graphics look a bit worse than they should. Being able to alter the screen filter is good (I played the game with the CRT filter on but no noise, mostly), but the texture distortion is a bit much (textures distort and twist based on their perspective to the camera, which is an intended effect). It was very exaggerated and in some areas made the game look incredibly messy. The music went between being forgettable and a few nice tracks, but didn't really ever help the atmosphere, I felt. I get the game was going for a pre-PSX horror game sound style more similar to Alone in the Dark, Ecstatica, or the aftermentioned Dr. Hauzer, but I felt they could of easily gotten away with more atmospheric tracks and nobody would of given it any thought. The monsters aren't overused thankfully (there's only a handful of encounters in the game), and while there's only four different kinds they are used sparsely. I actually like most of them (the last two types especially), but the first monster type I could never find remotely scary or creepy, which is unfortunate (they look like fleshy Pacman ghosts to me).Still, there's some interesting moments sprinkled throughout, some fun twists, a few moments that got me a bit to be startled or panicked, and on a whole I would say it was pretty alright. I think it's above the only other immediate indie comparisons I can give to this game, BlackSoul and Babysitter Bloodbath (some of the only retro-styled fixed camera angle indie horror games out there to this level). It's not just the most true to its roots, but the best executed of the three, in my opinion.Which gets to a second element that many may not actually see coming about this game, I certainly didn't, which the game both hits the nail well on and doesn't. I'll spoiler tag this part, and would recommend if you plan to play the game and want to best experience it, not to read this, but I think it's important to mention.The game has a meta-game element.The game a bit into it starts to do some tricks that sort of break the fourth wall, and they amp up towards the end of the game. We play as a character who is mentally stuck in 1995 and can't comprehend things that came out or happened after that year. Towards the end of the game, you think you might of finished the game (and I bet most will think so as the credits roll and you start the game from the beginning again), but if you play the beginning bit again he finds a more modern horror game-styled object which throws him off in how impossible it would be for back then, and then the game begins to disintegrate as he begins to realize we're, in fact, not in 1995. This element has a few moments that really do steal the show a bit, but unfortunately don't feel like they're pushed as far or as interestingly as they could of gone into. I also feel the moment with the creators comments could of been pushed to after the credits.The story is pretty interesting, but let-down by a rather abrupt ending.Still, I enjoyed the game actually. It both lived up to what I wanted it to be, didn't live up to it, and surprised me in ways I wasn't expecting. It's not a flawless game, but I do think there will be appeal for the rabid horror enthusiast that are like myself. It's not the truly excellent and complete return to old-school horror I think some want it to be, but if you go in with a bit of an open mind, some appreciation for the older B-Tier horror game, and don't mind a 2-3 hour experience, you might find some things to like here. It could of been executed better in certain areas, but what's there is still a pretty nice game which I feel I'm warming up to more a few hours after completing it. Not everything I wanted from it, but a nice experience that did give me some things I wasn't aware I wanted."
,Not Recommended,433380,22696882,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Succinct And Punchy,"The rest of the negative reviews on this page really explain in far more detail than I'm willing to go into about why this game completely whiffs on what makes older survival horror games fun and interesting, but this game is basically an hour of kinda meandering build-up and an absolute blue-balling mess of an ending sequence with very little substance to its plot or atmosphere.Nah."
,Recommended,433380,26173333,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Twyzëas,"AboutEven though really short experience,Back in 1995is a love letter to the golden era of gaming, evoking the atmosphere and gameplay of the hit titles for the original Playstation. That being said, and even though I recommend this game for a single playthrough, it's very far from the best games back then in terms of quality and gameplay.Note: when you finish the game, continue playing!ProsOld, clumsy atmosphereRetro shader and gameplayThe second ending was kind of uniqueConsTook me a lot of time to realize that the crank should be used from the menuMovement can be annoyingToo easyWhat the hell is going on?!Rating6/10 — Fine"
,Recommended,433380,22746679,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"This game takes ""classic"" to a whole new level. If you didn't grow up in the 90's playing horror games, this one IS NOT for you. On the other hand, if you remember your PS1 days and games like Silent Hill, then you MIGHT want to give this a try.Tank controls, warping unsightly textures your eyes will never get used to in 2016, static cameras, etc. It's all here. The game is even presented in 4:3 aspect ratio. Don't get me wrong, it's nowhere near the caliber of Silent Hill or Resident Evil of the era, but it's a great throwback nonetheless. The story is pretty straight forward and short. I liked it.I do recommend this game to the few people that will appreciate what it's trying to do. To all the rest, steer clear. If you even have the slightest doubt that you may not like it, I suggest you don't buy it. If you approach the game with an open mind, and I mean OPEN MIND, and want to revisit the PS1 days for a couple of hours, then go for it.With a steam controller in hand, I was happy to invest a couple of hours into Back in 1995. Kudos to Takaaki Ichijo for this accomplishment and for having the balls to actually pull off such an ambitious and risky project. I look forward to more of his work."
,Not Recommended,433380,26177344,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"There's nothing quite as nostalgic to 90's kids such as myself than retro survival horror games. Resident Evil, Alone in the Dark, Silent Hill, Eternal Darkness, Parasite Eve... they all conjure memories relating back to feelings of tension, suspense, and fright through a newly discovered video game genre. Back then, we weren't so desensitized, and even pixels that we could barely make out horrified us in forgotten ways. Back in 1995 attempts to put the player back in the glory days of horror gaming, all the while telling a complex story.The plot starts off simple, something that we've heard a hundred times over; you must uncover the mystery surrounding the disappearance of your daughter. The rest of the game is told through a series of notes and dialogue segments with a couple of other characters that you meet along the way, though sadly the story stays perplexing. In the end, there is somewhat of closure, but in all honesty the tale just feels like bits and pieces of a larger story being woven unevenly together. Needless to say, it's neigh impossible to follow unless you focus on just the ""true"" ending; by the way, there are two endings.From there, things just go from bad to worse. Yeah, this game does have the clunky tank controls, as it should being that it's emulating old Playstation games, but really that's the only plus side here. The older graphics warp in very strange ways, especially the ground, though it seems to be due to the CRT TV effect emulating the ""wrapped"" effect of an older television set. If you turn this effect off, the game just looks bad... and not even in an old PSX graphics style kinda bad, just plain bad. You can even walk through things that you shouldn't be able to. The audio is even worse, or lack thereof. A good horror game, whether it be new or old, should have tense music, but this game has a very relaxing ""soundtrack"".The first enemy you encounter literally looks like a poop nugget... I can't even make that stuff up, I have no idea what it's actually supposed to be. There are two other bad guys, plus one ""boss"" monster that appears a couple of times. These foes pose absolutely no threat, since whenever you hit them they're stunned and can't fight back at all. When it comes to the boss monster you can huddle yourself into a narrow confinement and it can't come through, while you pelt it with bullets. This renders the ""survival"" part of the survival horror tag completely useless, you won't need healing items at all. There aren't even any decent, mysterious puzzles to solve. The people you meet send you on ""fetch quests""; go here, do this thing, come back here for further instructions.I'm actually extremely disheartened to say that Back in 1995 disappointed me tremendously. I've been looking forward to playing this title since it released, but couldn't justify the asking price for such a minimal amount of game time. So I got it on sale for half off, but I've refunded it. The store page claims 2-3 hours of playtime, yet I beat the game (including the ""true"" ending) in an hour and a half. That's with exploring every area, and killing all monsters. Though that's only the bottom layer of why I refunded this title, the biggest concern is that it has none of the elements that make a decent survival horror experience. Even at half off and an update lingering in the near future (this never came to pass), forego this title and just play an actual survival horror game from the good 'ol days.Rating:2.0/5.0- It's not awful, but it's not great.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,433380,23111024,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RoosterPGH,"If you enjoy both (1) the impressionistic look of early, primitive 3D graphics as seen on the PS1/Saturn/3DO; as well as (2) slower-paced, puzzle-sprinkled gameplay that is lighter on action but heavy on atmosphere, I think you'll love this game. If you think a game's price point should be based on how many hours you get out of the game, this game is gonna disappoint you.I personally value quality over quantity, and I felt like the ""heart"" the developer put into this game was palpable. This game is more about atmosphere and narrative than mechanics; if that appeals to you, I strongly recommend buying it!"
,Recommended,433380,28381661,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gamer,"Back in 1995 is a pretty cool and good PS1 style inspired game which I bet were heavily inspired Resident Evil and Silent Hill (Resident Evil for the tank controls and Silent Hill for the story, atmosphere, monsters, and inventory system). You play as a man named Kent whothinks he is still in the year 1995 even though he isn't and can't accept the fact that he's in the present even though he keeps thinking about the past and accepting the ""past reality"" instead of the real reality. If you're a gamer who is turned off by tank controls and PS1 styled graphics then this game is not for you... Now if you can handle tank controls and PS1 styled graphics then go ahead and get this game (wait till it goes on sale), I think you might actually like it.I highly recommend this game especially if you're into survival horror games or Silent Hill inspired games! :DSurprisinglyThe 4th Wall will be broken. You'll know what I mean once you""beat the game""."
76561198054790890,Not Recommended,433380,22695437,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SpeckofDust,"The name of the game is Back In 1995, however I remember playing Alone in the Dark in 1993 and that didnt even look this bad.""Back in 1995"" promised to be a throwback to PS1-era survival horror.  The very first (and extremely major) gripe I had from the get go was the CRT filter.  It has three filter options, CRT static, CRT standard and no CRT filter.  The static filter option made my head hurt immediately, and the game is unbearably ugly without the filter altogether, so I went with normal CRT filter.Now, I managed to play it for about a half hour before even the normal CRT filter made my eyes hurt, but by then, just about every other aspect of the game turned me off.It has old-style tank movement, which is fine, however the camera was awful.  The monsters I encountered just looked like random pixel blobs and weren't menacing at all.  Extremely easy to kill.The background noise is nails-on-a-chalkboard awful, and model animations are rough even for the era they were trying to capture.  I found that walking backward is actually faster than walking forward, after finding out there is no run option, just ""relaxed stroll"" speed.The first couple of objectives were ""go here and find this for me and bring it back"" type stuff.  Truthfully, there was very little creepiness to it all.  It has all the other survival horror tropes, like unclear story and random notes to read and such.If I were to find a positive, it would be the menu UI is simplistic and functional.  That's really all I got.Quite honestly, the effort was just too little for me.  I expected early PS1 era, and I got something that looks visually bad even by Sega Saturn standards.I really wanted to like this, and I'm sure it will find its audience, but just about every aspect of the game rubbed me the wrong way."
,Not Recommended,433380,25680899,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Scaredy Dave,"The idea of this game is in the right place, unfortunately that seems to be the only thing going for this game. The story is weak, the gameplay is weaker, and the graphics are somehow worse than games from 1995. The camera angles disorient (and I love Tank Controls and RE Cameras, but this game doesnt seem to pull it off the same way, I would constantly get lost in one room thanks to how the camera would switch around. I dont have that problem in older Resident Evil or Silent Hill games from the time period it tries to emulate). The enemies barely attack you, killed anything I came across with the starting wrench with ease. It uses 1995 nostalgia to sell itself, but unfortunately its one of those situations where all it does is make me want to play the older Resident Evils or Silent Hills rather than continue playing it."
76561198044982507,Not Recommended,433380,24682967,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Velv,"I was really interested to play this, but in the end it's just 90 minutes long, fails to be scary or disturbing, and offers no challenge at all. Maybe someday we'll get another attempt at this concept, but for now this game just isn't worth buying."
,Not Recommended,433380,22697540,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,re1master,"Big survival horror (RE/SH) fan here. Game has a lot of fundamental issues such as enemy AI (easily killed because they are stuck). Setting up the controller is a challenge as the default settings don't appear to work for anything other than possibly the PS4 controller. If you are using an XB1 controller you can start the game with KB/M and then go into the OPTIONS while IN THE GAME. There you can move around your controller settings. I believe I had the layout of the steam contoller and the Dpad layout of the DS4 and it was working alright. Your notes/info section only holds the info for the last item you inspected (which will include a locked door) and you can't view older files found. Ended up writing down puzzles with pen and paper (by my counter, there were only 2-3 puzzles). Using weapons other than the wrench was difficult in the sense that the function buttons didnt work correctly. The gun would randomly shoot when I only used the aim button, and I had to keep hitting aim on/off to shoot additional shots. Unless there is a hidden ending, I clocked 1 1/2 hours to finish the game. Going to hit my save file to check another few portions of the game out as 2 achievements are still ""hidden"". Really let down so far with this game."
,Recommended,433380,22908074,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jbeavis100,"Back in 1995 seems to be polarizing for people due to its price vs gameplay hours at the moment.I think that's a silly argument considering I've paid less for games I had more time with but they werent that FUN.I had alot of fun throughout the game. It wasn't particularly hard, if anything for a survival horror game it was pretty easy but the dev really got the atmosphere down and I really had to stop and admire the low poly work. Really great work, as a fan of PS1 and PS2 level models I was really impressed by the modeling work and to see a horror game set in a modern office was pretty nice too. The music was good, not bad, not great, it was just good. Graphics wise it hit that exact spot the dev wanted to hit that much I can tell. Gameplay was smoother than some of the tanky surival horror games I've played actually. I'm excited for the upcoming english voice acting patch and very much so looking forward to any of the developers future work. Hopefully some of the other text issues can be fixed as I spotted a few issues with formatting in the game. I was a bit irritated that I couldn't play it on my actual CRT due to the way the developer forced 4:3 aspect ratio but it wasn't gamebreaking. Overall for 12 dollars I enjoyed my time and will probably play it again fairly soon.8/10"
76561198029345622,Recommended,433380,23130397,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,dreamprobe,"I believe this project was primarily intended for a very specific audience: players with fond memories of 32-bit 3D games, who maintained a fondness for those rough, chunky polygon graphics well after the next wave of consoles arrived, and came to regard those limitations as having created a legitimate style all their own, no less valid than NES and SNES-style pixel art. I'm part of that group, though you may not be.Even if you are, you still may not ""get"" this game. It's totally a style-over-substance work, but it's somewhat excusable for how well it nails the look of those fully rendered Playstation 3D adventures, such as Silent Hill 1, Echo Night, Clock Tower: Ghost Head and Aconcagua. Even if it isn't comparable to the length or objective quality of those games. The characteristic ""texture warping"" of the PS1's 3D rendering is faithfully recreated: every surface seems to stretch and pulse with your every step, making the world feel much more dynamic and ominously unstable than it really is. Since its presence in this game is as a deliberate feature rather than an unintentional consequence of the hardware, the environments and camera angles are laid out to take maximum advantage of its effects.Unless you are playing on an actual CRT monitor, I definitely recommend leaving the noisy CRT filter on to experience the full effect, and it's necessary for one of the game's fourth wall-breaking tricks to work. While so many modern retrogaming throwbacks would obviously never be able to run on the hardware they attempt to pay homage to, practically nothing about this game's visual presentation is out of character with a Playstation, Saturn or 3DO release from 1995, and I find that quite appealing.Don't expect a great breadth or depth of content. I finished it in about two hours (counting offline play), there's only two ""puzzles"" that require any degree of thinking, and there's only one room in the game with enemies that might actually kill you. Resident Evil 2, this ain't. The ending is very inconclusive, and mainly serves as a sort of developer's commentary. Despite these huge flaws, I felt that Back in 1995 was a worthwhile jaunt through some attractive and faithfully presented retro-3D environments, with a few clever ""gotcha"" moments and a palpable foreboding atmosphere. The developer is going to patch in voice acting eventually; if it sounds anything like the accented deadpan narration in the second trailer, it should contribute further to the overall feel and sense of 32-bit-era authenticity.Cautiously recommended for a certain type of gamer. You probably already know if you'll consider it to have been worth your time and money or not. If nothing else, it's definitely better and less pretentious than most other indie ""walking simulators"" on Steam. Oh, and there is actually a deeper significance to the title, though like everything else in the story, it's never fully explained."
,Recommended,433380,22766361,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Leon Light,Its a short little game aimed at your nostalgia for old ps1 era surivival horrors. There is a few awakward translations and the gameplay is very simple/easy but its a very neat little game. I really enjoyed looking at the retro ps1 graphics and remembering how clunky some of the old games were. This game has a very specific audience and thats okay.
76561198052247733,Recommended,433380,22770611,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Idoling!!!19Yurika,"I don't know that I could recommend this game enough.Forget the price, even if the game is short, this is a dream for someone who loves classic horror games like myself. This was a fantastic 3-4 hour journey for me that didn't purely rely on nostalgia, but felt like it honestly could have been made in 1995. The graphics, the sound, the puzzles, the general eerieness...this has it all.Also, if you think you've reached the end, don't stop playing, just push a button when it says to push and you'll get a shortened New Game + where the game is re-arranged and also has an amazing developer commentary over it explaining the origins and intentions of this game, and it was great to see this included for such a unique game.I hope Mr. Takaaki can bring the game to other platforms as well, as I would buy it on all of them."
76561197993591684,Recommended,433380,22860339,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JesseMan,"I recommend this game, but for only a specific group of people.If you're a huge fan of classic survival horror, you'll be able to ride the nostalgia train to the end. But there are flaws: the game provides no challenge in combat or puzzles, the monster designs are uninspired, the story has clever moments, but ultimately falls flat, and there are bugs, from ugly clipping to terrible camera angles, that are NOT related to the dated source material they're trying to imitate.Overall, I wish they spent a few months to polish the game. Game design was definitely tighter than this back in 1995.Also, $12 for a $5 game? I haven't felt this ripped off since I paid $12 for a Chumbawumba CD."
,Recommended,433380,22716392,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dauen,"You can either watch it or read it!*SPOILERS*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fh-5-rEfTUIBack In 1995 is a throwback to the survival horror classics of the 1990s - such as Resident Evil, Silent Hill, and Alone in the Dark.I was really hyped for about a month waiting for it to come out. I didn't realize at the time it was going to be a one-man dev team, literally as I was downloading it, I was reading around on the game itself and came across that bit of information and all my hype basically disintegrated.Having already, in my mind, dedicated the next two hours to old-school survival horror, I figured I'd give it a whirl.First, this game supports quite a variety of controllers, which is sweet because this could've completed contradicted the point to the entire game - ""an homage to 90's survival horror"".The game then next give your CRT Effect options to simulate the crappy tvs a lot of us in our mid twenties plus grew up with. At first I was going to skip this effect, but ultimately opted for the CRT without noise, as old televisions have given my headaches my entire life.You start off on the roof of a random building, gazing off in the distance, you play as Kent as he is trying to get to a distant tower for unknown reasons.As all 90s survival horror titles, health items and ammo are scattered through the entire world and you have unlimited inventory space.Now I'll admit, the first monsters I called the ""Mr. Hankeys"" the entire game because they literally look like a giant turd nuggets with arms. Which is pretty weird, but at the same time, I was infinitely relieved they didn't go with zombies. I've always a huge zombie fan in the 90s, but something about them wouldn't sit right in this game.The first monsters are generally pretty easy to dispose of, three hits with your melee is all it takes.After unlocking a door or two, you answer a telephone and pass out.You wake up to a doctor taking care of you. After of which, he sends you on a couple errands where you have to complete puzzles and flex your brain just a little bit to complete. Just a fair warning, this is classic survival horror, so not a lot of things are going to make logical sense.After a couple puzzles, some items scavenging, and finding your first gun, you find yourself at Central University Hospital.Heading to the cafeteria, the find the shotgun and when could maybe considered the first and only boss battle.Which, by the way, the briefcase here can only be opened when your find the note stating how to open it. I found the code first and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when it wouldn't work. Make sure you go down the hallway across the hall on the left hand side of the screen, it's a little hidden.After a little site seeing, you get to the final area of the game. Which appears to be a luxury, rooftop penthouse. This is where things begin to fall in place. After finding a crank to open a drawer - yes, every survival horror game has to have a crank, somehow, somewhere, I don't make the rules, I do however fully except them - you start to find a lot of notes directed at your character Kent regarding his mental condition. Even going so far as to explain why there is no run option in the game. Kent's condition caused him to lose that ability as well as cognitive functions.His mental condition is so unstable, he believes he is still in the year 1995 - hence the title.When your reach your final destination, the tower in the distance. Kent decides he's had enough and chooses to end his suffering.Which not to take away from the seriousness of the story... but he was on rooftops the entire game... he could've just jumped from anywhere and it would've had the same effect.Some things I want to point out that I liked-Tank controllers were spot on-The monsters were original, the big one really reminded me of the final transformation of Berkin from Resident Evil 2.-The overall feel was definitely 90s survival horror-The save points were 90s computers-Glitches were almost nonexistent-Notes everywhere, just like Silent Hill and Resident EvilSomething I think need work-some of the rooms were just a little empty-I found a glitch that gave me unlimited shotgun ammo pickups, in the hospital if you go back to the rooftop and return to the room with the briefcase, the ammo will respawn.-Also a second glitch that I unlocked the ""finish the game"" and ""get flashlight"" achievements, but somehow not ""clear the first stage"", ""clear the opening sequence"", ""get the pipewrench"", ""get pistol"" that are all completed within the first 10 minutes of playing.-The enemies should be a little tougher, if you attack first, they'll stop moving and as long as your keep attacking you'll kill them.-For an oldschool survival horror, there's too many health items and too much ammo.-If there were to be a sequel, which I really hope there is, I'd recommend more story depth and more boss battles. The story worked just fine for this project.After the game was over, it did something I did not all expect. After what I thought were the credits, the game started over again without me doing anything. I retained all my weapons and items and figured, ""what the hell, lets run through it a little more"". Upon entering the room with the telephone, instead I found a flashlight. After thinking ""what kind of creepypasta♥♥♥♥♥♥is this?"" I turned it on and was met with some text, then the font changed to a modern style.Intrigued, I continued. I went back to the roof and there was a scaffolding that hadn't been there before. I then made my way rooftop to rooftop, each covering an area I'd already been to.You find various notes on your way back to the tower, each one seeming to refer more to real life than the situation in the game itself. To me, the entire game is merely a social commentary on retrogaming and those of us who simply can't let it go. Those of us w ho grasp to that nostalgia, that first love we all had. It was new to us, that's why it was so great. We were young and everything seemed to pop so much more. Then we grew up, less and less felt new to us, and that first love became a only a memory.Making my way to the end, this time taking only 5 minutes or so, you're met with the final text ""Am I no different than he, who spent 20 years running away? Aren't we the same? From now on, will I lead a meaningless life. Is there no way to reclaim my own life?""I feel like this is the developer saying, 20 years ago when we were young, the ones before us were attached to Atari games and Pac-man. They refused to move on no matter how much we tried to   convince them Playstation, Resident Evil and Metal Gear Solid were better. They stopped moving forward, as have we - and if we aren't moving forward, we aren't progressing. We can't change the way nostalgia makes us feel.Loved the game, hope there is a sequel or the dev makes another survival horror. Hell of an installment for, primarily, just one developer."
,Recommended,433380,23257972,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kaffeebohnson,"A really cool recreation of early 90s Playstation Survival Horror games. The game doesn't overstay it's welcome, with barely 3 hours playtime it is just long enough so that the gimmick doesn't grow tiresome.Controls and camera angles could use some polish. It's tank controls of course, but it feels significantly jankier than Silent Hill 1 for example.If you are nostalgic for the PS1 era, this is a cool little throwback! I hope to see more indies adopt this kind of low-fi aesthetic!Oh one last thing: The game as a second ending - which kinda blew my mind!"
,Recommended,433380,22709155,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,S U R V I V O R,Game that should give you original survival horror expirience but gives you only graphic style and tank controls.Worth playng but not for current price.
76561197998608359,Recommended,433380,22771836,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,NeuroHack,This is a link to my video review where I articulate a few more opinions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVc8k98JPo0&feature=youtu.beWhat more could you want in a nostalgic throwback to the glory days of Survival Horror?
,Recommended,433380,26171153,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,pacxel,"Back in 1995, Well I think thay naild it with the gameplay. I'd  like to se some voice acting. Maybe fmv (if its posable). All capable with ps1 technology. Good game tho. Only get if you are a die hard fan of games like silent hill 1. Recomanding it because i like ps1."
,Not Recommended,433380,34158505,Posted: 10 August,all,Samuel,"As a person who's watched Joe Gran's YouTube channel for a long time, one of the characters that has stood out to me the most has been 90's Nick, because I come across his archetype quite often in online circles.This feels like if that character made a throwback game. It's not a good game by any stretch of the word, but it nails down the feeling and aesthetics of mid-to-late 90's PS1 poly aesthetics (which I can admit are quite likable!). That being said, the combat is boring, there's very little differentiation between enemy types, and the game is super easy as you'll be able to hoard painkillers as you complete mundane task after mundane task. I got a good amount of the achievements in far under an hour, which isn't really appealing since the game itself cost me $11.99. If you're looking for something to itch your Silent Hill scratch, you're probably just better off playing an emulated version of Silent Hill 2 or 3.3/10"
,Recommended,433380,22696837,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ossie,"Not a game for everyone, thats for sureIf you are a fan of games like silent hill, house of the dead, resident evil, splatterhouse maybe ? then u good to go.Living in a world that is infested with AAA games, is so refreshing to see a game like this getting released on steam.Back in 1995 is a blend of all the good stuff of those old games, remember beating the last boss of HoTD? Facing tyrant in RE?  well you already know that graphics dont matter to enjoy a good game, and this is what back in 1995 brings us, a fun little experience that everyone left behind more than a decade ago,  the little details of the items, the spooky atmosphere makes this an enjoyable experience.okay lets goGameplay: mix between SH1 and Alone in the dark 1 (DOS)Lenght: 2 hours ~Story: Not your avarege creepy gameControls: Dudeee ♥♥♥♥ing epicYeah, this might not be a 10/10 but giving it a try is a must if you have fond memories of those games mentioned before."
,Recommended,433380,23138735,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Samination,"This is tough to recommend as it feels unfinished with no real gameplay and no depth. This one had a lot of potential and they could've made something really special. Regardless, if you'd just like to briefly play a 3D game that looks like it came from the late 90's (silent hill, alone in the dark), then you'lll enjoy what it has to offer. Otherwise, stay away."
76561198035820131,Recommended,433380,24597339,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[Piki4ever]Jugi,It is a loveletter for everyone who loved horrorgames back in the days.
,Not Recommended,433380,33311109,Posted: 6 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,Does exactly what it says on the box: Plays like a game from 1995.
76561198083068272,Not Recommended,433380,25778142,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TheBeak,"I hate being blatantly insulting or contrary but this game is largely a crapper.  In it you play as Kent Crapsworth the 1st, a completely boring snoozefest of a character trying to reach some tower far off in the distance whilst attempting to regain his memory and find his daughter or something.  Literally, I don't need to give you any exposition because the character is mundane and the backstory I just regurgitated is about all you get throughout the whole darn thing.Back in 1995 is a noble attempt to go back to the days of old school Alone in the Dark, Silent Hill and Resident Evil.  It's heart is in the right place but all of its body parts are stitched together like Frankenstein.  My heart literally sank as I played; the whole affair not even taking a whole two hours to beat...with the secret portion of the game being counted into that playtime as well.Crapsworth's quest requires you storming through office buildings and rooftops in search of documents, notes, etc. that really don't say a darn thing interesting.  You'll get a whopping three weapons in order to combat and take on a series of brown bomber enemies including renegade Thanksgiving butterballs, stationary worm creatures culled from Tremors II:  Aftershocks, an embryo on stilts and a massive hulking fleshbeast (that looks much more threatening than he is).  In between these fights that offer no challenge you'll meet nondescript characters who push the story along as you collect massive amounts of healing items, an army surplus of bullets and pretty much everything else that negates the aspect of ""survival.""Surprisingly enough, the tank controls are quite responsive with even an automatic lock-on system making sure enemies eat every bit of hot lead you throw at them, althrough you can beat the whole game by swinging your pipe wrench a few times and running for the hills.  I chose to kill every single creature in order to get at least half of my money's worth out of this royal flush.  Toilet humor is not my forte but this game inspires it plentifully.When talking about graphics n' sound, well, let's change the subject!  Even the early AITD's looked far better than this and don't even get me started on the first Silent Hill.  The sound is also horrendous, sporting some of the worst music I've heard in a horror game coupled to tepid sound effects that perfectly match.  Again, I feel bad about walking all over this game but DO NOT buy it unless it's $5 or under (hopefully under).  $11.99 is an absolute travesty of a price to even ask for such a weak ""game.""  The developer's heart is in the right place, sure, yet this costs money and you can spend it far better elsewhere.  Despite negative reviews I went in with an open mind, even anticipating the fact that the developer is adding extra features which includes a hard mode but I uninstalled this after playing thorugh it once.  Hell, I got all of the achievements anyway.Pros:-Playable with no major glitches-Solid controls-At the core the developer tried to do the right thing with the game.Cons:-No challenge whatsoever.-No survival aspect.-Wretched graphics and sound even in the context of throwback standards.-Horribly short.-Overpriced.-No story, intrigue or mystique.Overall rating:  3/10Back in 1995 is only for the morbidly curious.  There's barely enough game here to call it a game I'm sorry to say.  Other than playing technically well, a surprise considering the rest of the content, there is nothing here that fits the title of survival horror.  I'm going to hang onto it because once the wounds heal I might give hard-mode a go, but players looking for a budget survival horror game with some actual meat on the bones would be much better off looking into 2nd/3rd tier games like Curse: Eye of Isis or Cold Fear (if they haven't played some of the more unknown titles) than this stodgy affair."
76561197993402955,Recommended,433380,22701104,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bring back Psychic Force,♥♥♥♥ing bad
76561198208818044,Recommended,433380,29490469,Posted: 25 January,all,GJ-Lewis X,"Despite the game being a little too short, I still like the game's models and graphics in a tribute for classic PS1 games, since I'm a big fan of those kind of old games.I'll be gratefully looking forward to this game if it ever has ongoing updates to add new scenes, beefing up the storyline, new characters, new enemies, new areas, new weapons, etc. :)"
,Recommended,433380,30228183,Posted: 27 February,all,BoneDaddyDiesel,"Honestly, the game isn't very challenging nor is it very long. You can complete the entire game in about 2 hours. But I'm not here to destroy this game, I actually quite enjoyed it. For what it's worth, 1995 is a very quaint and compelling spin on the old school survival horror games. It is very reminiscent of Silent Hill and does a good job of making you feel the nostalgia and the sense of mystery that the old games did. The notes tell the story and give you a feel for what's going on in this world. A few surprises here and there, along with some basic back tracking and puzzles to get the gears turning. The price is a little steep for the game as-is (DLC is apparently scheduled to come soon), so if you can get this when it's on sale I say it's worth it. If you take your time and really go through and read everything and explore all the areas the game has to offer I feel you mostly get your money's worth. I give it a solid 7.5/10!"
,Recommended,433380,31231533,Posted: 18 April,all,Wild Potato Industries,"An intresting ""proof-of-concept"" game that, while not perfect, was very intresting.I wish the game was a lot harder, and I wish the game actually got that update we were promised, but overall I like the game.I especially liked that post-modern new game plus mode that pulled kinda pulled an MGS2 on our asses and shattered the fourth wall a bit, going into the complexities of nostalgia and gaming (and gamers) as a whole.Not perfect, but if you like Sega Saturn/Ps1 games, I recomned you support this game so we can see more refined games in a vain similar to this."
76561198022226436,Recommended,433380,35037200,Posted: 17 September,all,ri_oh,Masterful design. Very unnerving.
