user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,433340,32054183,Posted: 29 May,all,Slime Scientist,This game makes me happy (:
76561198045931908,Recommended,433340,20615591,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shire,"The game has a huge amount of potential. The art and music are perfect for the setting and the gameplay is fun and addicting. The only problem with this game is lack of content, which is to be expected since it just hit early access. If your looking for a complete package i would reccomend waiting for a few more updates before buying. If the developers stay on top of this game and release frequent meaningfull updates this game could become a real gem."
,Recommended,433340,20688123,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lady Zana,"You see, poop is an extremely valuable resource ...Slime Rancher [EARLY ACCESS] ReviewI caught a first glimpse of this game when one of my steam friends posted a link about it on the activity feed. I checked the game out briefly, but quickly went back to other stuff as it did not really peek my interest. The game seemed a little bit weird to me (as in: it looks boring and stupid) and I was about sure I wouldn't enjoy it. About a week later, I saw one of my favourite youtubers play it and decided to eventually give it a watch. The video was over before I knew it and I clicked on the next one. And the next. After a while it was clear to me: I want this game! NOW! There was just something about it that I can't really describe, but it drew me in. And a lot of other people got drawn in too. It's like a disease being spread, the only difference being that it's a good disease. I admit I've been a little bit too quick in my (wrongful) judging of this game, and will therefore give it a (fair) second chance in this review.You play as Beatrix LeBeau who decides to leave earth and set out for theFar, Far Range; a magical and adorable planet filled with slimes! Your goal? Finding slimes to Suck up their plorts (aka slime poop) with your VAC to ... sell them! Yes, correct. Plorts come in many forms and are used for various things on earth; mainly food and products (eww!). You sell these plorts on the plort market to earn some cash, which can then be spend on upgrades (for either yourself or the ranch). When slimes are fed, they'll leave one of these treasures behind for you, or two even if you are lucky. As of now, there are 3 main categories of food: fruits, veggies and meat. Each category has different types of food for you to find and feed to your slimes. If you so desire, you can also plant your own food - you'll run out less slowly (and it's fun too!). Believe me, your slimey friends will be thankful if you do. It is especially useful to plant your friends' favourite food; they'll love you for that and will definitely return the favour via plorts! I hope it is now clear that plorts are extremely valuable and so is your task as slime rancher.The gameplay, however a bit unoriginal (find slimes --> feed slimes --> get plorts --> get money --> get upgrades etc) is very satisfying. Finding new slimes is always exciting, especially since you can create mixed breeds that are more efficient for money making (and they are just so adorable too!). The game thus encourages you to explore the planet on your 'quest' to find more and different slimes, find food and start your own farms ... and getting upgrades will make all of that easier. Be careful though, not everything is peaceful on theFar, Far Range. Under certain circumstances, a Tarr slime will come out and devour all the slimes in the vicinity - even you! So be cautious and take good care of your 'pets'!The 'thing' that makes Slime Rancher so much fun for me, is the fact that there is so much freedom as to how you play. You can approach this game in a very casual way, and just go on an adventure, enjoying the different and beautiful areas with their inhabitant slimes (I could see this game used for therapy so to speak). The total opposite would be finding the most profitable slimes, combining them, putting them in a corral and making a lot of money - a dream for people who want to create a very efficient farm (or ranch rather). Or you could go inbetween and do a little of both: enjoy the slimes in their natural surroundings, but take a few home to take care of because they're so darn cute! The game is also suited for all ages, which is great. I'm pretty sure both young and old will find a certain joy playing this game and I love it for that. I could totally see a grandfather and his grandchild play this game together having a lot of fun.The game in its current state is already super fun and stable, with minimal bugs. I estimate about 5-10 hours of content. There is still a lot of content waiting to be added, like more slimes, more types of food, more areas ... more everything! I also hope that they will add different 'modes' besides the ""do-whatever-you-want"" experience. I think it would make for much more replayability, which is what I'm looking for in the long run. I want to be able to play this cute game for a long time, without it getting tedious, hence my idea for different modes. (Ofcourse, this list is totally personal, and I will still love this game if it keeps up development like this - whether there be different modes or not). I'm thinking about:A story mode:right now there is a little bit of background in the form of mail that you receive, but I think playing through a real story would be pretty amazing. Maybe one where you have to save the slimes from evil or something? I don't know, maybe I'm just babbling nonsense, but I think some kind of story would make things even more interesting.Challenge mode:Think about having to complete certain objectives in a certain amount of days. That way, players would have to make smart use of the day-night cycle.Sandbox mode:The current mode (aka do what you want)Pros and Cons+ Unique concept+ Relaxing and/or challenging+ Nice, soothing soundtrack+ Satisfying gameplay+ Excellent tutorial+ Gorgeous looking world+ Cuteness overload!+- (this is temporary): lack of content+- (this is temporary): some may find it a little bit too expensive in its current state- The gameplay is not very innovative (as in: get slimes -> get money -> get upgrades -- repeat)The VerdictI definitely recommend this game, but please keep in mind that it is still early access. Not all the content is in the game yet, and weird stuff (buggs) may happen. If you don't mind that, by all means, please support the devs. Otherwise, just wait a couple of months for the game to be a little bit more polished.I will revisit this review when the game is fully released, as to edit it accordingly"
,Recommended,433340,20753976,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,43Dark_Nero,"Still waiting for new updateWhy you should buy this:Anybody can play this game.Easy to learn.Set your own difficulty by setting how many slimes you take care of.Upgrades.Farming.Adventure.REALLY CUTE SLIMES.Really big slimes.KITTY SLIMES.combinations.COMBINED KITTY SLIMESSSSSwonderful music.Good for the build it's in.Doesn't take up much space.Indigo Quarry update!Some new icons for the spaces, really cute design. Love the extra detail to the farm. The updated plort market screen is nice. The new music... Omg It's so beautiful. This update is so wonderful! Oh, the detail spreads out to the land too. (I'm writing more to the review as i play.)Rapid fire was added, if you hold down the left mouse you will fire faster and faster. Now that's useful. :oThe gordos look fatter and cuter x3The ground shines at night and omg it's so beautiful.the water has a new slot, much more convient.Rad slimes are really neat, the fact you get radiation around them is a cool feature.water slimes just look like blobs with eyes now... i liked when they were actually slimes with the cute happy face.How I feel about this game.0.24bWhen I saw it on the steam store I was like ""Hmm...""After I got some money I thought about the game, I looked at Jacksepticeye's playthrough of it a bit, and it was awesome. I really liked the way it looked so I bought it.First few minutes i was getting used to the controls, doing the tutorial. Seemed easy enough; Though the one thing is, is that having too many slimes in one carrol is hard to do/ hard to take care of them all at once.Knowing this, I take care of as many slimes as I can handle. When I came across the cat slime, I was going so crazy over it; but then, it ate a pink slime's poop thingy [Plorts] (I can't believe I already forget it) and it turned into a big pink kitty! There was also these rocky spike slimes; they are adorable... but hurt you. ;u;I took care of the kitty with my other slimes but kept it outside. Then... I discovered the tarr. A really messed up slime that you cannot absorb or keep; well because it's evil. I had to throw them into the sea so i could easily destroy them. Then i found out i could take water and shoot it at them till they died or put them into water. Where is when i found boom slimes. Well they explode; that's pretty much it, but they have a good worth of newbucks(?).There are different slimes and they can all combine into a largo which is a big slime that is both of the slimes through eating the [plorts] poop stuff.0.25Graphics and music update!The music transitions very nicely between areas keeping an alike theme, making it feel like you are actually going places. Alot of lighting difference with slimes and the ground. Water texture is a bit too blue but i get the point it's supposed to be fresh water. Geysers look fantastic, slime sea has seaweeds now and a bit of a tint change.In all 0.25 is very beautiful.0.3.3/0.3.4Beautiful shaders, improved graphics of vegetables and fruits. Enhanced soundtrack.Overall really great. The lucky slime is cute but disappears after a while. Sad i couldn't feed it when i found one. Slime locks are better looking,0.3.5New more cartoony style icons for the plots and upgrades.all machine screens are more realistic.achievements added. more detailed food textures, fruit tree looks more tree like now.field of suction is more refined, not picks slimes up when you aren't aimed at them.the new moss blanket is so pretty at nighti found the hunter slime and they are cute :30.4.0YEAAAAHHHH SCIENCE!Since this game is an early access there is alot more to come to this, so bear in mind i shall update this review over time.Tl;drThe game is wonderful, you should buy it because it's really fun."
76561198308037772,Recommended,433340,33953449,Posted: 1 August,all,Dirzbreena,"Definitely a great game. This is great for my down time and I use my steam account for the entire household and allow younger kids to play it while I am babysitting, or I can just play it on the big TV screen and all the kids love it. They are so happy to learn each new slime or area. The bright colors to the strategy and monetary system helps the little ones learn. 10/10 would buy the game again."
,Recommended,433340,29928444,Posted: 14 February,all,Baguette ッ,This is a very cute and sweet game that helped me when I was sad.
,Recommended,433340,20900354,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,OTF.That_Taffer,I am divorced and my life is in shambles.But now instead of my children I have kitty-slimes.Exploding kitty slimes.
76561198062930115,Recommended,433340,20532573,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"Slime Rancher is a cute casual game in which you roleplay Beatrix LaBeau, an intrepid rancher who travels to the Far Far Range with the idea of making tons of spacebucks by herding slimes and collecting their plorts.So what are plorts? Well... it's what slimes do when they gorge themselves on tasty food provided by the environment or by yours truly. Ok, I will stop beating around the bush and say it - it's slime poop that various corporations buy from you to turn into different products. So pretty much everything in this game revolves around poop, and while that might be offensive to some people, never forget that humanity is very much based on poop - mainly because we breathe the stuff that the trees across the world poop every second. Who needs that worthless oxygen when all the good stuff is carbon-based :DSo, let's see what this game does well and what poorly.THE GOOD:1. An extremely relaxing, non-invasive music that perfectly fits the atmospehere.2. The game gives you this zen feeling that makes you wonder just when did those 2-3 hours pass while you were having heaps of fun.3. The world is cartoonish and quite pleasant to look at.4. A good amount of areas for you to explore, and way more to come, with a few of them already programmed, but not yet populated and unlocked.5. Adorable slimes of different colors for you to herd, feed and even cross-breed, making all kinds of cute sounds that easily put a smile on your face.6. Casual gameplay that is extremely easy to pick up and just have fun.7. You cannot lose the game - which is a great touch for a fun casual game.8. Exploration is very rewarding, with many hidden areas for you to discover.9. A rather big and expansive ranch at this stage of developent with plenty of building spots for corals, ponds, chicken coops or gardens.10. Cross-breeding slimes is totally doable and gives you different outcomes with new animations and needs that add another level of cuteness to the game.11. Early access done right - I can foresee this game getting glowing recommendations by everyone. That's how you do early access - you pack your game with a good amount of content, provide an engaging gameplay and then ship it to steam.12. Tons of achievements for you to unlock and strive for.13. Jetpacks: intrepid explorers can even use them to get to locked areas or places the developers never intended you to go, which is always fun.14. Controller support is available, should you choose to play with one.Ok, now let's take a look at the BAD:1. While the ranch is big, the plots at this point of development are in fixed locations, which may be off-putting to people who want to squeeze max effectiveness.2. While the ranch is big, the plots are ultimately not enough if you want to have every slime type and subsequently, cross-breed of slime in the game and the food needed to feed them.3. There is no story to speak of, and even if not really necessay in my opinion, may turn a few people off the game.4. At this stage of development, you will be looking at about 10 hours of gameplay to do everything and finish the content.5. A price tag that is off-putting - the game costs 20€ for me, and while I am 100% sure that I will get my value for the money, it's too much for a good number of people - both for financial reasons, or because it's still an early access, and pledging 20€ to an early access game is always a risk.6. No steam cloud yet - so if you happen to be using two separate PC's to play Slime Rancher (like me, but I only discovered it today), you need to manually transfer your saves for now. Hopefully it will be resolved in the future.THE CONCLUSION:I wholeheartedly recommend this game to everyone who enjoys cute open-end games with decend amount of exploration that promote casual gameplay and put a smile on your face. The amount of content and the adorable world you are put in at start are part of the strong selling points to this game. What sets it back for now is the limited amount of plots to build in order to enjoy the full experience and the number of locked areas with an ""under construction"" sign, which you need to wait for a bit to get populated.To me, even at the current price tag, Slime Rancher is a good purchase. You can't put value on good feelings and smiles, and anything or anyone (!) who lets you have them in throves, is priceless :)"
,Recommended,433340,21032931,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,monkey lord,"Pros-Simple and Fun-Lots of places to explore-Looks great even on low settings-Can be run on bad computers-Many things to keep you occupied for hours-Game doesnt hold your hand through the game, it lets you discover thingson your own and it only gives you some information.Cons-I ran out of things to do after 6 hours (Yes I know its early access)-Exploration follows a line, making it feel less open-Huge walls block your vision and make the place feel closed off-No multiplayerConclusionOther than a few small things and lack of content, this game is extremely fun, and kept me playing for hours straight.I definetly reccommend this game, assuming it won't be abandonded by devs in early access."
76561198097850480,Recommended,433340,21823796,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BruhBR,"Day 33 of gameplay and something unspeakable happens.By this point I had mastered the game. Over 60,000$, fully upgraded everything. I could pump out 200+ plorts in a day no problem. The stock market had crashed with how much I sold and it had gotten to the point where I had three silos filled to the brim with plorts and I didn't have enough patience to sell them. Eventually churning out plorts gets boring. So I released most of my slimes, and now I keep four slimes in each cage, name them, keep them well fed with their favourite foods. I even feed the local slimes outside my home if I have time.One day I was going about business when I saw a pink slime had wandered into my farm (I don't keep pink slimes, I find them annoying) Now, ten days prior I would have fired him straight into the sea to see the rest of his murdered family, but he was so bouncy and I was a somewhat of a Slime Activist now, so let him live.Days past. Weeks. I get attached to the slime, naming him Wanderer. I feed him a balenced diet of chickens, fruits and veggies. I swear he loved me! Sometimes he jumped on my head and he would follow me around as I fed the other slimes.Day 33 dawns like any other day. I get up and do my daily duties. Wanderer is hopping around and I throw some carrots at him for breakfast. I leave after my chores to get some fresh water for the puddle slimes and I come back with some pogo fruits for him. As I round the corner I see him hopping towards me. But, unbeknownst to him the Exchange machine was online and asking for pink slimes. I see his smiling face coming towards me, and I readied my gun to shoot the pogo fruit for him to catch when  *poof* he's gone. Wanderer vanished. I look at the Exchange machine's screen and it says, ""1/12 Pink Slimes""He had ♥♥♥♥ing sacrificed himself to the Exchange machine in his doglike haste to greet me.I was frozen in shock for a good three minutes before I quit the game. I haven't been on it since.RIP Wanderer. Day 14?-33I recommend this game if you're into getting your heart strings tugged. 11/10"
76561198064679582,Recommended,433340,20918023,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TrAsH MaN,"This game is like if anti-depressants and pure cocaine made sweet, sweet love. Slime rancher is adorable, addicting, and just loads of fun. The movement reminds me of an arena shooter. There's a sense of wonder when you explore and find areas you've never seen before, especially when you just jetpack over the walls that block unfinished areas. Even those in-development areas give you hope for what this game will become. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. Also going to point out that I am a 19 year-old male who is in the Army infantry. So yes, this game can be enjoyed by literally everyone."
,Recommended,433340,20619252,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Armani,"Adore the game for what it is: a lighthearted, beautiful romp into a silly farming simulator. Then again, I also adore the Rune Factory franchise, so its really a matter of taste.Now why do I like it you might ask? Well theres 5 things in particular I liked.1) Its fun to make a farm and get money. Its been fun for ages actually, oddly enough. Ever since Harvest Moon, and then to Rune factory, I've liked the whole farming/economy simulator type games. Were they a bit repetive? Yup. Did they manage to let me unwind and work at regular challenges and tasks? Yes, and as odd as it sounds its quite fun.2) The game is adorable. They have a cat slime. That you can mutate with several other genus (?) of slimes. That also somehow makes them larger. Why is that? Because its adorable, thats why. And the cat slime isn't even the cutest one.3) You get a vacuum cleaner gun. Color me biased, its fun to use and I flipping loved Luigi's Mansion.4) Upgrades feel meaningful. Early on, your pretty strapped for cash. Get some money? Neato, time to upgrade that pen with a Solar shield so the Phosphors don't disintigrate at daybreak (like vampires). Got some Phosphors? They can fly, ya'll need a higher wall. Got a solar shielded, giant walled corral? They are hungry, grow them some food. And so on. Money is not impossible to come by (far from it), and makes life a lot easier for you in noticable bounds with every penny you pour back into your farm. Higher walls offer more containment, fertile soil grows plants faster, silo upgrades give you more space. Also almost every upgrade has a asthetic associated with it. Thats quality right there.5) Its a game that just wants to be a game. Honestly its a real problem nowadays with economic styled games - they force you to suffer until you can get better off. And I don't mind that, in fact I enjoy that in Rune Factory and Harvest Moon. Working to get your feet off the ground and be successful with less work isn't just fun, its actually basically the most human desire I can think of in gaming (besides sex). And this game is hard at the beginning to get off the ground. But getting off the ground is fun, and its not ever a grind to do it. Jetpack? Buy it in 1 day, easily. Ranch upgrades? Each one might be expensive, but the essentials are incredibly easy to get. The game lets you have fun with it, and it feels like a real game the entire time.Easily a 7/10 right now, and personally thats likely to go up if they continue working on it at a good pace. A lighthearted gem of a farming sim. Not a ton of content, I'd probably benchmark it at about 5 hours of genuine game content (not counting getting the farm up to speed) as of right now.EDIT (As of May 22, 2016):Wanted to make a quick note about the development of the game for those who are interested. The development team for this game is (from what I've gathered) rather small, and as a result development is rather slow. That being said, its actually not so bad. The game gets regular updates (roughly every 3 to 5 weeks), and each update adds something concrete. Still a very happy recommendation of a very playable game."
,Recommended,433340,20865237,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,S.,1. CUTE SLIMES!2. You can combine slimes!3. Easy cash!4. Adventure!5. Farming!6. Feeding the cute little ones! x37. Defeat corrupted slimes!8. Unlock new areas!9. Upgrades!10. Great time waster!I'd play this game till I'd die! I can't stop looking at their little cute faces! \(>w<)/
,Recommended,433340,34478604,Posted: 25 August,all,zaclolbob,the game is very good and I highly recommend this game if you like cute SLIMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!            andcute chickens :)
76561197986570155,Recommended,433340,33955037,Posted: 1 August,all,Collywobbles,Finally an early access game that turned out well.
76561198058877117,Recommended,433340,34004495,Posted: 3 August,all,Trondheim,"Here is a game for everyone:- The vegetarian: Expand the appetites of meat-loving slimes by combining them with fruit or vegetable-loving slimes.  Let those chickens run free where they belong!alternatively...- The vegetable hater: Shoot those carrots as far as you can into the Slime Sea, or throw that oca oca right into the incinerator.  That'll teach 'em.  Chicken every day.- The sadist: Round up all those cute little slimes and smile as you send them streaming into the incinerator.  Also, shoot a Rad plort into your Pink Boom Largo slimes' corral and sit back to watch the slaughter.  You sick f***.- The manager: Take care of every aspect of your ranch, plant crops, do slime research, buy upgrades, plan your Largo combos, establish a routine.  Beware the Quantum slimes.- The ""cute"" lover: Tabby Honey Largos.  Actually, don't even bother to finish reading this, just buy the game already.- The sports gamer: At some point in the game you can buy a slime gadget called the Slime Hoop.  Yep, you can play basketball, and the slimes are the balls.  Once you get your inventory size to 50 per slot, you can literally shoot hundreds of free-throws in less than a minute. (Do not try this at your ranch.  Be far away.  Far. Away.)- The kids: It's fun, adventurous, no blood, no cursing, your ""gun"" doesn't shoot bullets (though I once nailed a Rock slime with a Pogofruit and sent it flying off a cliff - in my defense, it was standing on the edge).- The ""I really need a break"" guy/gal: Say no more.  Lose yourself in amusing and being amused by very lovable slimes.  Their needs are now yours.  Feel the satisfaction as they smile at you after being fed.  Explore the beautiful and sometimes mysterious world around you.  Just 5 more minutes.- The businessman/woman: Round up the cattle.  Feed them.  Collect the product.  Watch the stock market.  Cash in.  Get rich.  Repeat.Feel free to comment with more!"
,Recommended,433340,32601661,Posted: 20 June,all,Kill La Kill Yourself,This game cures my depression c: totally recommended
,Recommended,433340,34465012,Posted: 24 August,all,DJ Dostoevsky,"Unabashedly cute, mechanically tight.  This is pure distilled joy.Gameplay loop is hypnotic (explore, cultivate, expand).  Super Zen and a great way to unwind.Smart design sensibilities (think PopCap), engaging gameplay systems, glorious & happy technicolor landscape.One of the absolute best $20 values on Steam, atm.Thumbs WAY up."
,Recommended,433340,32557437,Posted: 18 June,all,Kryllic,"So, you might be thinking right now ""it's got positive reviews, but is this game for me?"" Well, I'll break it down into a few questions you should answer for yourself:1. Do you like adorable and bubbly creatures, even when it comes to the baddies?2. Do you like stylized and beautiful graphics and design?3. Do you like farm and resource management games that are very simply yet still has plenty of things to do?4. Do you enjoy upgrading your character and the world in order to explore and expand interesting places?5. Do you want another reason to buy this game, even though the first 4 questions above have already convinced you?Here's your 5th reason.If you answered ""yes"" to any of these questions, then definitely look into this game, even at $20, it's worth it. If you answered ""yes"" toallof these questions, then I doubt you're reading this right now, as you're most likely already at the checkout screen for this game. If not... then stop reading this and buy this game!"
,Recommended,433340,29894884,Posted: 13 February,all,BIG SCREAM,I learnt how to exploit innocent creatures of their poop for my own financial gain... I also crashed the stock market a few times
,Recommended,433340,20583994,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Shark2000,"Things i've done in this great game:>Enslave multiple species of gelatinous globs>Stuff atleast 60 hens into a cage with a single rooster>Tell the golden slime and his family to burn in hell multiple times>Drown>Explore a forest filled with mangos, puddle globs and kamikaze slimes>Make a cat and kamikaze abomination that I managed to kill myself with>Feed a fat slime until it explodes into more slimes, a crate and food>Get assaulted by a few rock slimes>Watch slimes resort to cannibalism>Exploit nature to earn money>Have a shady dude email me asking for chickens>Spend time and effort finding a single heart beet to have a single pink slime escape and eat every single one"
,Recommended,433340,20776029,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,twelve bees,"Watched a phosphor slime pick up a pink slime, carry it out over the vast expanse of ocean, and dive bomb them both into the water, presumably ending both of their lives.10/10"
,Recommended,433340,34076159,Posted: 7 August,all,Lundah,The only known cure for depression.
76561198148709411,Recommended,433340,20560285,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Frosty,I took innocent creatures from their homes and put them into cages while force-feeding them to get their poop10/10 theyre still happy
76561198340379936,Recommended,433340,34053045,Posted: 5 August,all,▶ Munch Master ◀,>Start new game>Get a nice ranch consisting of 30 or so slimes>Started to learn about the pros and cons of having Largos>Learning causes me to make a Tarr>Whatisthis.jpg>Tarr begins destorying all of my hard work>All of my work is gone>Start collecting slimes again>Lifeisgood.jpg>Look at the time>Forgot to eat dinner>It's 1:43 in the morning11/10 Reality does not exsist anymore
,Recommended,433340,34072965,Posted: 6 August,all,sheehanje,"I actually got this for free on the Xbox One for my kids.  It was one of the Games with Gold this month.   After my son played for a bit, I took over for him.  Then my other son wanted to play.  I could see this was going to be a fight for the Xbox, so purchased one copy for my PC and another for the Steam Machine so we can all play at once.It's addictive - and a bit mind numbing.  You'll lose some hours, but it's got just enough strategy, crafting, exploration and market explotation to keep you occupied.  I'm about 10 hours in right now after spending about 3 or 4 on the Xbox version.  Of course the PC version is better - not nearly as laggy when the ranch gets busy.   Getting the ranch up and making steady profit is the biggest hurdle - it takes a few hours to really get it up and running.  After that, the exploration works on some level, mostly as a break from the huting and gathering required to get a steady income.  There isn't anythign very dangerous in the world, most of the enemies you can easily disperse or avoid.  I've heard most people finish this game at around 30 - 50 hours.  That's about the right amount of game play I assume.  It's has some very addicting elements - but it's not something that will have great replay value and definitely not something I  would want to spend more than a few weekends playing.I do recommend this game - it's great for kids, it has just enough allure for adults and like others have mentioned, a multiplayer (even 2 player split screen) would go a long way making this a great family game.   The price is right for the amount of gameplay offered."
,Recommended,433340,20764301,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Brendaniel,"Slimes, Cat slimes, and you sell poop. It's cute, fun, and I'm excited to see what else I can do. Probably one of the most playable Early Access games I've seen."
,Recommended,433340,20793948,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Emily,"This is a Review written for Version 0.2.4b, it may be updated at a later point, like the game itself.Let's assume, since their second version numbers are the ""content"" updates, that the game is around 20% done so far.I can say this after my first... roughly 4 hours:Graphics:Bright, Colourful, Cartoony and even in dark areas it's cheerful, rather than gloomy.Hard to comment on it, since it's not for everyone. I personally like it, but that's just me,in fact, it's what drew my attention to the game. It's very visually appealing to me.Though, you'll have to see for yourself. If you like the way it looks in the screenshots,it certainly won't disappoint you.Sound Design:While the slimes' squeaks are rather adorable and the ""totally tense suspense music"" pops in each time danger is around,it does get repetitive after a while of playing. It did not stick with me either, so either it's not too repetitive or not very memorable. This may just be the only actual criticism I have though and it might certainly change over time.However: The sounds besides the background music are pretty clearly indicating when something is around. The Squishing of slime or ""Bawk bawk bawk""ing of chickens helps very much should you e.g. look for chickens in tall grass.Gameplay:It's exactly what you think it is: You catch slime, feed them, they produce the goods you can sell, you do so and move on. Your Stats and Abilities can also be upgraded with said money, making the aforementioned process a bit easier.Let me move the negative-ish things out of the way first:If you wish to plant both fruits and veggies in your garden though, and your slimes only eat fruit, your veggies don't really go anywhere. I guess you can always take them with you and feed wild slimes, but I didn't see much point in that either, but since there is no way to sell them either, they just use up Silo space instead. Maybe I'll have slimes that like veggies at some point and then I'm happy I kept them, I don't know.Another minor annoyance would be wild slimes getting in your way as you try to collect ... pretty much anything. Especially the big slimes will get in your way. A lot. Though.. that's really as far as it goes.Respawn rates might also be a little bit.. unbalanced currently, seeing that I got about 50 Chickens within 3 minutes taking a tour through the Garden part of the Ranch after buying it. That's not really a complaint because it's very helpful if you need meat, but it might just make everything a little bit too easy.Now the good things:Besides my minor complaints here and there I had a looooot of fun. It's relaxing and the whole exploration aspect makes finding something new, something interesting much more rewarding, even more so when a pop up informs you what you even got/did just now, yes, there are ingame Achievements.For the sake of not spoiling anything (since you don't really read reviews after getting and playing the game, now do you?) I can't really say what I enjoyed the most, but it was great. Really great.And for an Early Access title? This is how it should be. It's playable, I didn't encounter any bugs and it's a lot of fun.I'm pretty sure it's not a game that'll die either, this will be finished over time and it will only get better,and knowing that, I can wholeheartedly recommend it, if anything you've already seen on the store page appeals to you."
,Recommended,433340,20551410,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Stephen,"This game is charm.There is a surprising amount of depth to this game. And the art style is gorgeous.It can feel a bit overwhelming when all of your slimes escape, but gosh darn it, I can't stay mad at the little cuties for too long."
76561198265939545,Recommended,433340,34371835,Posted: 20 August,all,Know Pain...or so,PLEASE ONLINE MODE!!! Very cool game but I think everybody wants an Online-Mode!
,Recommended,433340,20708314,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Papa Optical,Best antidepressant on the market.
,Recommended,433340,30099713,Posted: 22 February,all,🐰 Mrs Bunny,"Awesome game. The game is $20 USD which is a good price to me, I've played this game since early access and now in 2 months it will leave early access. Whenever you start it's clear right away what you need to do, no difficult hard to understand tutorials but rather easy understandable ones you understand in few minutes. This game got me addicted. I play every day several times. It's not one of those games that's really difficult. Slime Rancher is a great game to enjoy hours of fun while relaxing. The music is great while you play and the overall gameplay plus graphics are neat. The new update Glass desert gave a whole new dimension to the game. They let you interact with the area through oases and I think this is a really new great update to the game.Pro's:- Cute graphics and nice grapbics.- Hours of fun to play.- Content is still being added.- Developers actually listen to their players.- Relaxation game.- Many things to do.- The new recent update Glass Desert made the game way more fun.Con's:- It can get boring after awhile, but if you put new goals for yourself it'll be fine.- It's too EASY to survive. Tarr's and ferals don't do that much damage and you easily can escape both. I'd like to see more danger in the future so it's somewhat more challenging BUT still relaxing.- After unlocking everything it can be easy to make money, but this shouldn't stop you from playing this awesome game.- Would like to see more slimes than we already do now. We've a list of slimes right now but more would be great.Afterall I say: this game is worth the $20 USD no matter which con because the pro's add up more than anything in my opinion. The game is relaxing, fun, the developers are great and I'm sure there's a lot of great hours to be put into this game. I'll continue playing this for a long time."
,Recommended,433340,20865342,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,sp1n,started at 4:00 play for 10 mins ... looked back and it was 9:0010/10
,Recommended,433340,32792415,Posted: 25 June,all,halflin,"SO MUCH FUN! I originally bought this thinking it was going to just be novelty fun for like an hour or so, but it's actually super awesome! On top of the adorable graphics, it's just a fun game to play. The controls and character movement is great, it's really easy and fun to move around the world. It's also pretty interesting to learn how the different slimes interact with each other and what they need.I also really appreciate that your energy & health regenerate so quickly. It makes the game a lot more fun to adventure in rather than just trying to survive all the time. I really love the letters you get, the way that slimes get you money, the way that farming and upgrades work, I just love this game.Totally recommend it for people who want to relax with a cute and fun ranching simulator. The challenge is there, but it's not forced on you and you can go at whatever pace you like. I haven't even unlocked any other parts of the map but I'm really excited to. Even just the starting zone is great."
,Recommended,433340,33957868,Posted: 1 August,all,Sir Wilfrey,"Normally I'm too cynical to be won over with cutesy charms and sugar-sweet atmospheres, but I have to admit it's one of the most prominent and impressive points of the game.Now onto my regular review sense.Aside from the charms, other quite nice points of Slime Rancher involve the pacing, the soundtrack, the world around you (the starmail and journals, etc), and the sheer simplicity of raising the slimes. Now, personally this is the shining genius of it all, not the art or the music or anything else; simplicity. Most of us hate that word, but that's because most simple games leave a bad taste in our mouths, and we're right to feel that way. But Slime Rancher is the good sort of simple; you collect slimes and upgrade your farm, you get a basic ""1+1= safe, 1+2=destruction"" formula to follow, a pat on the bum and you're off to do whatever you feel like doing. No complex machinery or automation (for the most part), no crazy mechanics you're forcefed to keep track of. Just you, a stamina and health bar, a ranch, and slimes.Now, I love complex things, but it takes a complex mind to appreciate the value of simplicity. And I can say that all the collecting, farming, coralling, and experimenting was absolutely worth it's price tag and the acclaim. What this does, it does very very well. And that's better than any complex game that does f-all correctly."
,Recommended,433340,28856115,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cold Style Ponzu,"You may hear the 'Rancher' bit in the title and think that all this game consists of is:1) Find slimes2) Herd them into a pen3) Extract resources4)Rinse and repeatThat's where you're wrong kiddo.Well, kinda. Yeah, that's the basic idea. But start up this game thinking you can follow these four steps and you'll be fine is the kind of thinking that will get you overrun and out of whack off the getgo. That's definitely a pro to this cartooney game, is that it's a cartooney game that has depth.For example:I thought I would be ok if I took my free pen (the kind for livestock you♥♥♥♥♥♥ and filled it half way up with slimes. So I left my ranch and went about the world around me vacuuming up all the pink slimes (there's different variants of slime) and shooting them into my pen.That was my first mistake.You see, the slimes are a feisty bunch and in numbers, they WILL overpower you. For the next ten or fifteen minutes I couldn't do anything esle but pick up and put back the slimes that kept jumping out of the enclosure because they ALL kept escaping. It's miraculous how the slimes will work as a group in their enclosures. If they're unhappy (which they were in this case), they'll stack up on one of the walls and one by one, hop on over that wall. So I realized I need a food source. So I set up some gardens with carrots and pongofruits, and built a chicken coup.That was my second mistake.When the slimes escape, it's because they want food. I watched 3 slimes hop out of their enclosure, into my chicken coup, and eat all my chickens. Needless to say I was livid. So I tried splitting them up into two enclosures by buying a second one. Still, there were too many to appease. So I finally emptied a whole enclosure, left my ranch and shot them out into the wild. I have since discovered that one ranch of 10-12 of the standard pink slimes is just enough for me.But I still wasn't generating nearly enough profit from the standard poop (yes, slime poop is the legal tender in this game) to advance anywhere. So I came up with a bold strategy. I used the enclosure I just emptied, and upgraded it to cater to the phosphorous slimes, slimes that only thrive at night and fly and glow n' stuff. That part took a while because I decided to learn my lesson and make the enclosure phosphorous friendly BEFORE putting them in. I heightened the walls, placed a net on top (so they didn't fly out) and added the wall panels that basically make it eternal night so the phosphorous slimes to survive during the daytime. That gamble definitely paid off. The phosphorous poops generate a HUGE profit compared to the pink slimes and they boost my income a ton.That's another pro towards the game, it has a fully live and simulated economy. Prices for slime poop (or plorts as their called) will rise and fall. I had pink plorts be worth as much as 10 coins and then drop to being worth 6. This is where having a silo for your plorts can be helpful; you can hold on to them until they're worth however much you please.Note this is all after only two hours of gameplay. As I previously said, there is ALOT of depth to this game and it is a pleasure to discover.That and the slimes are absolutely adorable to watch. I had a largo (a slime that eats another type of slime's poop and turns into a huge slime hybrid. yes, it's crazy) that I couldn't keep in my enclosure, so I dropped him outside the enclosures and now he wanders around the ranch and will interact with the other slimes sometimes(he will hop up to one of the enclosure walls and the other slimes will crowd at that wall when he's near it).He's pretty dope.HOWEVER (only a couple negatives from here) I do have some gripes with the game.There is an exchange system where you can insert a few things that someone needs and they'll give you a few different things in return. This would be REALLY cool if it wasn't on such a small scale. The usual exchange consists of a couple plorts for some berries and maybe a chicken. Eh. I don't really feel any motivation to sacrafice some dollars for chickens I can breed in a coup or berries I can grow for free. If this was on a larger scale, for example, 10-20 phosphorous slimes for 10-20 different special slimes (rock slimes, for example) would motivate me ALOT more to use this system. In it's current state, I really never use it.There is also an option to add auto feeders to your enclosures so you don't have to micromanage feeding your slimes. I have found that they only drop a couple of the given food, and it doesn't leave enough for all my slimes, who then get upset and try to escape and whatnot. It's simply easier for me to get a butload of food, throw it in their enclosure, and let it sit there so they can eat it when they're hungry or leave it when they're not. And since it's always a ton of food I leave in there, nobody stays hungry. Perhaps a food spoiling system could make the food dispensers more useful.All in all, this game gives alot more bang for your buck than I thought it would and would definitely reccomend it.7.8 Too much water8.5/10 Great core mechanics and fun gameplay (not to mention loveable slimes) with a couple cogs in the works that can easily be ironed out."
,Recommended,433340,23357734,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Epsilon,"Slimer Rancher is a interesting game where you find and capture creatures called slimes to crossbreed them with other slimes to eventually harvest resources called Plorts. These plorts can be sold for money which can then be used to upgrade and therefore improve the way you capture and house these creatures to better harvest them for their plorts.I spend hours going from a single and very basic corral for my slimes to multiple different high level corrals to house my ever growing collection of different slimes. The mechanic where you breed different slimes to combine traits of either slime is a very nice mechanic and allows players to strategize a little. For instance, I decided to only breed my slimes with a certain slime called a Rock Slime. The nice trait that rock slimes have to offer is their diet. They eat vegetables and therefore when bred with other slimes, their diet will also be veggies. Breeding all my various types of slimes with rock slimes allowed me to only grow veggies rather than a mixture of different things.The game itself felt responsive and actually well polished. Never lagged or stuttered a bit. Never encountered a single issue or bug in the 14 hours I had played. Feels like a AAA title. The art style is great as well. Everything fits together perfectly and the design of the textures and models are top notch.As for the breeding, the game allows you to only breed two base slimes together to create a final ""Largo"" slime which cannot be breed any longer. There might be a dozen or so different types of slimes, so for their to only be a single breeding per slime was unfortunate. It would be nice to see a in dept breeding tree of some sort. Breeding 3 or 4 different slimes together to finally reach a desired slime. A old mobile app called Dragon Story did it pretty well. You were given different base dragons and were given the option to breed them together. Each pair of dragons you bred together had a list of possible offspring it could create ranging in rarity, the more rare dragons having a lower percentage of actually getting. Those dragons could then be bred again with other dragons to further continue down the ""ladder"" to get more rare dragons.I love the upgrade aspect to the different equipment you can purchase. Upgrading your corral to have, for example, an auto-feeder or auto-collector was a nice feature to have in a game like this. Almost every type equipment, whether it be a chicken coop, garden, or silo, each gave me options to upgrade and improve to make my life easier.However, this game does seem to get quite repetitive after you've captured and breed most of the slimes and upgraded the different buildings. It went from adventuring to find more and cooler slimes to babysitting my slimes at my ranch. It got to the point, every quickly I may add, where I had pretty much every base type of slime in my ranch. At that point all you can do is continue to feed them and harvest the plorts for money, but already had purchased everything I could buy to improve my farm. I had 4 corrals, all upgraded to the max, 5 gardens growing veggies, a pond, and a silo. Now those aren't the only things you can buy but that is all I needed to keep my farm self sufficient.ProsEntertaining game. Kept me interesting for hours and had me missing it when I couldn't be playing it.Overall idea of breeding and selling resources for money works and is actually pretty fun.Feels like a polished AAA titleGreat art-styleNeutralThe upgrading mechanic for buildings and tools is nice, but I wish it could be developed further with more long-term upgrades. I found myself having everything unlocked and with ton of cash to buy nothing with.Harvesting crops to feed my slimes became a huge chore and took up a huge amount of my ingame day to make sure my 4+ corrals were properly feed. Would be nice if there was some sort of high tier upgrade that allowed more automation to solve this issues, possibly with food/resource transport pipes or something connecting gardens to silos, and silos to corrals for automatic feeding. This of course would be late-game stuff. (See suggestions below)The environment itself was very nice to the eyes, but felt too linear and closed off. Rather than it feeling like a vast and open world, it felt like hallways and corridors with a nature facade.ConsGets boring after a while (at least for me). Quickly had all the upgrades and was in a loop of gathering plorts and selling them. Had over 15,000 currency with nothing to do with it.Breeding feels a bit lacking in my opinion. Could be more in-depth with different levels other than the single level breeding the game features now.$20 USD does not seem like an appropriate price tag for this game. $14.99 could possibly be a better price.Overall it is a good game. I would recommend this game to a friend.My Suggestions:As for things I would like to see added to the game, my biggest suggestion would be to allow players to almost nearly automise their ranch. It would be nice to see a game mechanic that allowed players to automatically transport finished crops into a silo via transport tubes or something and then distributed via different tubes to nearby corrals. Possibly having plorts be extracted for corrals and sent to silos via transport tubes as well. I love the upgrade mechanic but I wish I could see it be more used and more in depth than its current state."
,Recommended,433340,20684072,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Harpmony,>i find out about this game>i buy it>start playing>i sell pink slime poop that i find on the ground for some quick cash>night falls>i see glowing bug-like slimes>i am amazed>i get as many as i can>i put them in a cave>i combine them with kittens to make giant glowing blu flying kittens>i plant 2 trees with fruits so they can eat>i realise that 2 trees is too much for the amout ikidnappedcollected>i get 30-40 more>there are now too many slimes>there is poop everywhere>i can't even pick it up without a slime clogging up the vacumn>end up with a cave filled at the brim with glowing cat sh*t and fruits11.5/10 best game
,Recommended,433340,34182514,Posted: 11 August,all,FormlessOne,"It's... cute. Insufferably, irresistably cute. Non-violent, just challenging enough to be engaging for its audience, and... it's cute."
76561198003460397,Recommended,433340,23218346,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Persony Person,"For a guy that usually plays violent video games and various types of warmongering strategy games and as a person who cares too much about whats happening in the world, I must say that this game is a breath of fresh air and has the ability to take your mind off things. The levels of cuteness around every corner is off the charts to the point where it could pacify just about anybody. This game is a beauty even though it is no way near to completion.It can also possess some really comedic moments. I have had 2 moments so far where I have not laughed so much in such a long time. One is when one of my pet Pink Tabby largos that escaped turned into a Tarr while i was collecting some food for them on the other side of the ranch which resulted in something that resembled World War Z as it ate and spread to the other corrals. I turned back to see hundreds of poor innocent slimes and dozens of chickens being eaten from at least over 50 Tarr, all because of 1 happy largo wanting some more food. The other was a glitch when 4 Rock Tabby Largos were trying to eat the same carrot, which resulted in them starting to rotate faster and faster until they eventually obliterated the airnet and catapulted themselves off into space.This is the sort of game that can be recommended to almost anyone, and I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,433340,20758263,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Twitch |AdolfJackler| Broker,"I've just played this game for 10 - 11 hours straight, and it's still not boring, how a game can do this in early access is beyond me, and the fact you can literally keep going and going is wonderful, really looking forward to updates, I've literally just got to a bit where I need the next bit of the game made (Got the second key) but I've made as much as I can, got almost 10K cash, probably can make that in about 10 minutes (or under) if I wanted to now, it's a really good game, looking forward to more!Would certainly suggest for others to get this game!"
76561198165600703,Recommended,433340,22850901,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,EEE-AN,"Great game, I love it but, I would really like if there was multiplayer."
,Recommended,433340,34277528,Posted: 16 August,all,SnowSlurpie,Fed obese slimes so much food that they burst! My animosity from Overwatch is gone. 10/10
,Recommended,433340,20863440,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MapleTree,Pros- Really fun- Easy to play- Looks amazing- Plays amazing- Cat slimesCons- No multiplayer ;~;- Lack of content as of 0.2.4bSummaryGet it when more content is released.9.5/10
,Recommended,433340,20924012,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,rxysurfchic,"Single handedly one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a very long time. Before I realized it, the entire day was gone. I am excited for new updates, I want to explore even more.10/10 would honey plort farm again."
,Recommended,433340,26473961,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,All_The_Beans,"This is REALLY a great game. It's actually relaxing for me. Exploring the land, collecting food for your slimes, taking care of your slimes, making new slimes, etc. It's not an insanely hard game so pretty much anyone can play and enjoy it. Normally resource management games bore me, but slime rancher is SO fun. I highly recommend anyone to buy this game, you won't be disappointed! Can't wait for the future updates :)!"
76561198055768058,Recommended,433340,22968934,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BigWhiteVan,-Bought game-Looked around to find slimes-Instantly became friends with a pink slime-Sucked slime into my ghostbusters machine-Accidentally threw him into the abyss of an ocean-Jumped in after him and died10/10 Friendship Simulator
,Recommended,433340,31214085,Posted: 18 April,all,RoxyWolf,"Those 28 hours (at time of writing) of playtime?They happened in about two days. I played this game for 18 hours straight at one point and then proceeded to start gifting it to people. It's so good that I didn't even wait for it to go on SALE, just started throwing it at friends because this is one of the good ones. This game is so good, and it's very difficult to stop playing it once you start. Why are you reading this when you could be playing Slime Rancher.Anyway, the game's visuals are adorable, and barring a bit of an adjustment period (I personally had to move the FOV out as far as it would go because it made me a bit nauseous) they continue to be easy on the eyes throughout your playtime. The slimes are SO FRIKKIN CUTE and so is pretty much everything else. Even the Hen-Hens (read: chickens) in this game are cute, and you may have a hard time feeding them to your slimes (until you have a Silo full of them and your ranch is being overrun with Elder Roostros and Hen-Hens and- I'm getting ahead of myself here!)The game is so FUN, legitimately FUN to explore, and there's so many places you'll find and unlock over time. I still haven't fully explored many areas! And I can't wait until I have time to jump back in an get back to ranching.And oh, ranching. Even if you've never played a creature-raising game in all your life you can still enjoy this game. It's not hard, really. Grab some of your favorite technicolor blobs, shoot some food at them, and collect their... produce for sale to better your ranch. It's a simple premise that can be easily manipulated in so many ways, and everyone will find something that works for them. Of course, things can go awry if you aren't careful -- you can make slime hybrids called Largos by shooting the ""plort"" (the aformentioned ""produce"") of one slime at another one. Largos are good! They drop double the plorts and multiple kinds of plorts at once, so they're a valuable way to make money... but they are also dangerous, hard to manage, and can be quite risky to house if you don't keep a close eye on things!It's like I said. This game is as simple or complex as you want to go. And anyone can find something that works for them.  I cannot honestly manage to convey how bizarrely endearing this game is, how hard it is to put it down. I've had an absolute blast playing it.A lot of people are leery to support Early Access games, and I can't blame them even a little bit. But Slime Rancher is one of the good ones, one of the ones still being developed and improved, one that looks great, runs wonderfully, and already has a ton of things to do and features to progressively unlock. There is so much depth to this game that it's unreal, and everytime I go back to it I just find more.And on top of everything else... this is a game that basically anyone can play and enjoy at any age. This game is appropriate (and easy enough to figure out) for even pretty young kiddos, but it's entertaining enough and has enough depth to keep even older players engaged -- and honestly, that's a rare feat. Genuinely anyone can enjoy this game, and I think there's something really special about that.Just in all, this game is an absolute gem of an Early Access title, a game that I would feel satisfied buying if it was already fully released in its current state, a game with plenty more content already in the works that just seems to keep improving with each update. It's a game with wonderfully fun mechanics that anyone can adapt to (and then exploit,) plenty of hidden secrets to find and things to unlock and places to go (AND A JETPACK,) and it's family-friendly enough that literally anyone can enjoy it if they're interested. Games like Slime Rancher are a diamond in the rough, and a game I feel is actually worth its full-price value -- and that's not something you see every day! If you think you'd have even a passing interest in this style of game, get it. You will enjoy it. If you're unsure, go watch some gameplay footage and see how it resonates with you. That's ultimately what brought me here -- seeing someone else having so much unexpected, genuine fun with this game made me want to play it.And I am so, so glad I did. This game is fantastic. It's worth the $20, it's worth the time I've sunk into it, and it's worth this overlong glowing recommendation, too. I am, genuinely, glad I own this game."
76561198049490615,Recommended,433340,34296658,Posted: 16 August,all,eliteblade46,"-Just an FYI, I will continue to refine this review till i am satisfied with it. Any errors and such will be hammered away till my OCD leaves me alone. Now, enough talk....-Combine too merciful for your taste?Conquer hell but still want more?You think you got what it takes to ranch the most vicious creatures in the known galaxy?Look no further my friend as they are here.You play as Beatrix LeBeau in the first days of her new life on Far, Far Range a thousand light-years away from home. Her sole thankless duty on the range is to contain and utilize these monsters for economic gain; precious crystals drop after feeding them, an obvious taunt to your blind greed, and society in the galaxy rewards with its standard currency.This game is not for the faint of heart, i mean just look at the title art on the store page...gives me chills.PROS:-Great gameplay-Good plot for a dopamine drip game-Graphics/Art style is not to be ignored-Huge slime variety-CUTENESSSSSS (even the tarr)-The ending-A pro i won't list here as it is a debatable spoilerCONS:-As said before this is a Dopamine Drip game, as in this game will reward you with jumps of visual progress with increasing time between-Not much to do outside of ranching slimes but i guess expecting anything else is nonsence (derp)-The ending/////SPOILERS BEGIN HERE/////I want to give props for leaving casey's gender to be up to the players own interpretation as everything nowadays seems streight forward and plain. While at first i thought there was a homosexual relationship going on, i saw that casey's overall body shape seen in the credits had dismantled my original image of him/her leaving me guessing endlessly. It hardly matters in the bigger picture but i thought it was neat monomi did that.The ending is both a pro and a con in my honest opinion. The range of emotion i felt as the closing cutscene played ranged from ""oh this is certainly welcome"" to a fat ""meh"".What i can praise is that i loved to death the song that played over the credits and it grabbed a fistfull of heart strings before dumping me all misty eyed back on my ranch. What i CAN""T praise however is the fact that the ending was just a black screen with text and a catchy love song. I'd put a suggestion for an alternate one on the table if only i could figure out how exactly one goes about bringing this kind of game to an end other than what it just did. That could very well be the struggle the devs went through when making it; instead of just rolling the credits they went just a little bit further. I like it for what it is and, as much as i think and write the opposite, i know its perfect for the game that is before it./////SPOILS BE END/////This game's a must-have, plain and simple. The art style is a breath of minty fresh air and makes me wish the game had a tv series spinoff to go with it.(s'il vous plaît monomi?) Unfortunatly the reality of games like these is that they are inevitably abandoned after completion. Players come to the end of the road in terms of gameplay and only MIGHT come back to it months or years later, a rather sad end for this piece in particular as again the art style is just that refreshing. I will swear by this though, i will never forget this game after boredom sets in. And to Monomi, if they perhaps stumble across this review in particular, you really hit a home run on your first game; keep at it!8 golden plorts out of 10//My Review: Special Non-long Winded Edition 2017//Game was good.Environment looks nice.Tons of fun.Over ten slimes.Unique ending.Ten of ten."
76561198069914011,Recommended,433340,20942538,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bronymonster44,"Slime Rancher is a cute and silly game where you capture and feed cute slimes of various types. From cute pink ones to exploding red ones, the game has a very simple goal: Feed slimes to collect their ""plorts"" for money.I would personally recommend you add this game to your ""Wishlist"" and wait until it's either no longer in Early Access, or it receives a few more updates. At the moment, the game only has a few areas you can explore, but there's plenty of room for growth. You can even jetpack over some walls to see the early version of a couple future areas."
,Recommended,433340,32044951,Posted: 29 May,all,Alice,Such a fun cute little game. Enjoy Slimes? Enjoy cuteness??? This game is just such a sweet lovely little timewaster with so much potential in the future if the updates keep coming! 7/10
,Recommended,433340,22043141,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Kopii,"This game is an Early Access game. (Meaning its still not finished) If I has a few words to describe this game, these would be my words: Cute, Silly, Fun, Scary, and Hard. Its such a pain in the a$$ just to keep your slimes in a Coral that has NO High Walls. IT SUCKS. But yes, I do reccoment this ADORABLE game. Oh, your wondering why its scary? Well, let this be a warning. NEVER, EVER let a Largo Slime eat a Plort that it does NOT give you. You'll... well... you'll end up with the Everything-Eating slime. The Tarr. It eats EVERYTHING. Slimes(TALK ABOUT CANNIBALISM), and.... RANCHERS!!(You are a Rancher.)"
,Recommended,433340,21112098,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,(◕ ◡ ◕)つRefia™,"As is I couldn't say this is worth $20 unless you're really enthusiastic about it, but still I recommend this game hesitantly because it's somewhat promising. It's still quite new in early access, so at the time of this review the game still feels very bare-bones and hopefully that will be fixed with future additions.The core gameplay idea is interesting. Slimes can absorb the ""plorts"" other slimes make after they eat and become a larger hybrid slime of the two types. You can also collect and sell these for upgrades to both yourself and your slime corrals (and you can also build a few different buildings). Also, there's a ""stock market"" with different prices each day on different types of slime plorts, which forces you to diversify, since they are unique to each type of slime, and it also encourages you to make lucrative slime hybrids of two high-value types since hybrid slimes give plorts of both their constituent types.In my opinion it could either become a really great game if they keep adding interesting things to it or a really bad game if they just take their money and run. I feel like the game could stand to use a lot more land for slimes and exploration as it is now, but being early access it could either happen or not happen at this stage."
,Recommended,433340,30415118,Posted: 9 March,all,★_Reisen,"With the game on sale for the next few days (until March 13), I think it's a good time to state that there is now sufficient content to make the game worth buying, period. No more ""It's really cute and fun but too much money for now, wait for more content"", that content is here. So yeah, get this."
,Recommended,433340,21081453,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nao 💕,This game makes me so happy
76561198060061431,Recommended,433340,23783674,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,...,"This game is a very fun, addictive pass time pretty much. Not to much to it, catch a few cute slimes, keep them fed, sell there plorts (poops), repeat. though ist fun, easy, and addictive, it can become boring with extended play time, and after a few hours...if you know what your doing that is.....(so here's)10 Things that would make this game better:1. Multiplayer2. Minigames3. More slimes (there are about 10+ blank plort [money/slime poop] spots on the market screen)4. Something worth working for, or something worth a lot of money to buy after collecting all slime types (other than the gold slimes, as this game can become very repeative very quickly and easily can get boring after long play periods)5. House customization and interactive interior6. more challenges and Enemies7. Tougher environments, and enemies(perhaps with the inclusion of difficulties)8. Collectible Trophies and Secret items to find9. Farm decorations, more farm upgrades, and more farm facilities10. Character customization/ gender choice (perhaps w/ multiplayer)"
,Recommended,433340,21032940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Meowmaid,The economy literally runs on poop.11/10.
,Recommended,433340,30059108,Posted: 20 February,all,DarkKitarist ☠,"Tagline: Scooping colourful poop and loving IT!TL; DR: No Man’s Sky has billions of star systems to explore, and yet I was somehow captivated by scooping colourful poop FAR more that should be allowed.Full ReviewOne of the rare early access games that caught my eye via Jim Sterling, and as soon as it was on sale I decided to buy it. Even though it’s still in development the updates come regularly, there still tons of promised things that will be implemented, and I have NO reason to not believe they will come through with everything, because everything they said will be implemented was implemented! The version of the game I’m currently playing (at the time of writing this) is 0.4.3c and even in this state it gave me tens of hours of fun!GraphicsIt has a certain cartoonish feel and since you’re scooping poop for a living, there is nothing to complain about here. Other than that, the Unity engine it uses does it’s work and really shows what Unity is possible if your idea doesn’t involve blocks and zombies (Google UnitZ Jim Sterling) and you’re capable of transferring your idea on paper onto a 3D medium. And the developers of Slime Rancher have done just that. The graphics presented here are JUST right, from the lighting to the physics everything works as one would expect!The world is BIG, I mean it’s not Skyrim big, but believe me I was happy once I got my 3rd teleporter, because it’s big enough to be an inconvenience when you need to go to a part far away! Loading on my PC is instantaneous, so I can’t really say if it’s good or bad, but MY personal experience is excellent!SoundThere isn’t much to say about the sound. The soundtrack playing in the background kind of blends with what you’re doing. Other than that, all I can say is that everything has a sound and everything works as intended.Gameplay and Final WordsThe gameplay becomes slightly repetitive, but the game always gives you more tools and things to do within the game world. In this version of the game it took me about 18 hours to create a full self-sustainable ranch and get all the achievements. And I still haven’t found all the treasures and I haven’t even gotten all the upgrades, AND I haven’t even seen the secret Slime that you need for one achievement, so there is still loads to DO! And the world still has so much secrets I need to explore.There are (JUST) a few things that do bug me and I hope that the developers read this:The lack of a MAP(radar map) really REALLY annoys me!We have teleporters, but we can’t have robots that autopick our gardens? C’mon!There is a honey slime, WHY is there no “darkness slime”?I hope there is a Co-op mode implemented in the future, because that would make this a perfect game!I know I’m on an alien planet, but couldn’t there be some other NPCs? That would be great, even if they are just fetch quest that would be great!The 4 different items limit within the scoop gun IS ANNOYING AS HELL, if you make an upgrade that costs 15.000N it wouldn’t be game breaking because when you reach that kind of money you’re already pulling 6-7 different Largo pens(water slimes) with 4-6 different gardens and although refinery links help and so do the remote transfer things, but an extension port upgrade is a MUST! That or an “garden port” upgrade where you can store 4 slimes/other things AND 2-4 strictly garden things!Score:: 9/10 (I'm 110% sure this will change to 10/10 once they release version 1.0.0)"
,Recommended,433340,20804450,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ewap,"Slime Rancher is a game where you catch a bunch of slime, throw them into a box made of force fields and force feed them for the rest of their lives for your own gain. Every now and then one will break out and get a small taste of freedom and feast on the plentiful gardens you've worked so hard to plant. At which point you have a choice, you can either throw it back in its box, or throw it into the ocean and listen to its grasp for air. (Not really, but I like to imagine it)Slime Rancher looks like it’s going to be an incredibly fun game. Catching slimes, growing gardens, and exploration make this game very addicting. The game is really short right now, and I only got about 2 hours of gameplay out of it before I had caught all the slimes and built everything there is to build. But that’s expected with it being an early release.  I look forward to the future of this game and all the content they add in.If you wanna kill a few hours buy this game and go wrangle some slimes. You get the added bonus of looking forward to the future and everything they will add."
76561198320526838,Recommended,433340,33137004,Posted: 2 July,all,Comrade Zander,"Slime Rancher is a cute little indie game. The game is about ranching slimes, and it is the cutest game in recent memory. There's a wide variety of different, interesting slimes to find and play around with. Many will try to kill you, but it's hard to face that they do it on purpose because they all are very adorable. The game has a fantastic art style as well. It looks absolutely lovely at 1080p. One of the best mechanics in the game is the ability to essentially interbreed slimes by feeding one slime the ""plorp"" of another. The slime will then become a mixture of the two slimes. However, if you try to breed this ""largo"" slime with another different slime, it will turn into a tar, which will kill your slimes and must be destroyed with water. This mechanic is fantastic, and makes it an overall funner, more challenging game. Overall, very good game, wonderful art style and fantastic music makes this game a perfect casual game."
,Recommended,433340,20802181,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Typoon221,Loved this game! relaxing and yet addictive!Just be careful what slimes you mix... thats  all im going to say!!!Definately worth the money and look forward to the updates.
,Not Recommended,433340,23963471,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheCrankyOldGamer,"I want to start off by saying I DO like this game!  But I cannot recommend it, and I kind of regret buying it, especially at its current price point ($20, on summer sale for $16).  There's just not enough content to justify that kind of money.  I've really enjoyed my time with Slime Rancher, but I exhausted all of its content in literally 3-4 hours.  The argument could be put forth that it's in Alpha and not feature complete, but from what I've read they're not really planning on adding too much more.Yes.  This game is very cute.  It's kind of fun too.  The slimes are pretty cute, the world is vibrant and colorful, the music is peppy and light.  You start with a Ranch, and you walk around a new planet with a vacuum gun catching a variety of slimes and harvesting their poop, called ""Plorts"", which can be sold on an ever-shifting market.  Slimes plort when they eat, and some slimes like fruit, some like veggies, and some like meat.  Some are happy and gentle, some are mean and will attack.  Some are hybrids, some are giant fat versions that block your path until you feed them an obscene amount of their favorite food.  It's endearing and cute, and I did enjoy playing this game.But it's incredibly shallow.  The world is very small; you really only have three areas, with a fourth being planned, and they're not open.  They're corridors with occasional branches and passageways.  There's only 8 catchable types of slime, plus hybrids (which you can carry but not hold in your vacuum), and two ultra rares.  There's plans listed for a few more slimes, but I only saw two or three.  There's three vegetables and three fruits, but while some slimes have a slight preference, it's minimal.  For example, Honey Slimes prefer Mint Mangoes, but will eat Pogo Fruit or Cuberry without hesitation.  You never really need to farm more.There's almost zero sense of progression.  Yeah there's two new areas to unlock on your ranch, but they just provide more plots.  The vacuum gun has upgrades, but they're kinda minimal.  And it never lets you upgrade the most infuriating aspect, which is that it can only hold four different items.  You can upgrade how many of those items it holds, but never get a fifth slot (or beyond) to hold a wider variety of items.  And it's doubly infuriating that if I have a full slot of say, pink slime plorts, I can't just put more in the next empty slot.  It says I'm full.  I can't have four slots of pink slime plorts, noooo.   All in all there are upgrades, but they never really feel like you're upgrading.  You can hold more slimes or farm more hens/fruit/veg, but you never feel like you're getting anywhere.  Your crappy little house stays your crappy little house, you never get any amenities or visible accomplishments, and honestly I harvest more plorts just going out into the world and getting them from wild slimes than I do at my ranch (except my pen of Honey Slimes...seriously just make a bunch of pens of Honey Slimes and you're set for life).It's not a bad game.  If there were promise of more content, a MUCH bigger, open world, a lot more slimes, breeding, crossbreeding, actually caring for and raising the slimes not just dumping them in a pen and feeding them til they poop, hoping they don't jump out?  It'd probably be a lot of fun.  But where it stands right now there's not a lot of content at all, and there's not much promise of more.  This is a $5 game at best, barely bigger than a demo.  It is not a $20 game.But hey at least it has kitty slimes."
,Recommended,433340,20733021,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[WST]Phaeth,"(Summary)You will enjoy this game if you like:-Creating an efficient, profit maximizing base.-Cross breeding.-Capturing wild animals (slimes, in this case :P ) and making them enjoy it.-Making a self sufficient farm.-Exploring for rare crops that you can take back and multiply.As an avid player of farming, sandbox, and other simulation games from Harvest Moon to Gnomoria, I really enjoyed this game, even in an Early Access experience.It appeased to my nature of trying to make the 'perfect' base.  This release (I am on 0.2.4b) had two expansions on the ranch (thankfully, I was worried when I started really getting into the game).I also love profit.  This game had a satisfying method of cross breeding that helps maximize income.The world is well designed and I didn't experience any common issues you would find in early access games like crashes or 'stuck in the floor/wall' issues.As long as the content updates keep coming, this game can be replayed again and again.  There is so much potential to this game.  At this point, it took me about 10 hours of gaming to really dig through all the content that is provided right now.Keep it coming, Devs, and I will keep playing!"
76561198113264796,Recommended,433340,21719710,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"Every 12 seconds, a slime is killed in an MMORPG for nothing more than a few pieces of gold and some xp. That means that millions of slimes die to the hands of noobs who don't even know what they're doing a year. Some of these noobs just leave, never to even make anything out of themselves. These slimes have families. They are living, emotion-feeling creatures and they are being farmed for almost no benefit! You can put an end to slime abuse today, by purchasing a copy of Slime Rancher! Every copy of Slime Rancher sold saves at least 60 slimes from being murdered. So please, buy a copy of Slime Racher. You want to help the slimes, don't you?...Unless you buy the game and throw all the slimes in the ocean. Then you're even worse."
,Recommended,433340,34486008,Posted: 25 August,all,leeo,They should soooooo add multiplayer. Double the fun!!
76561198310697291,Recommended,433340,34425362,Posted: 22 August,all,logangalaxy257,"Slime rancher is the fun, colorful, and, wonderous tale of a person who farms the cutest things immaginable this game also has the unique ability to calm anyone down and just make them happy its a virtual antidepressent, as a child even i can see how this game is a work of art everyone should play."
,Recommended,433340,34271127,Posted: 16 August,all,PudgyUnicorn,"I cannot praise this game enough. It is adorable. The game is extremely easy to understand (jump, suck stuff up, spit stuff out). It is adorable. It is perfect for days where you feel sad and want something to play while you drink hot coca. It is adorable. There is a lot to explore in the world and new content is satisfying and appropriate to the world. And, it IS ADORABLE!"
,Recommended,433340,34014137,Posted: 4 August,all,Ggdograa,"Someone took the Slime Hutch portion of Stardew Valley and turned it into a full game. It's cute, colorful, complex and addictive. I'm 15 hours in and there's no sign of stopping anytime soon. It's a bit grindy for sure, but if that's your kettle of fish and you can just zone out with a Podcast in the background, it becomes a lot of fun to play.Full video review:https://youtu.be/Cf1VyNRGq-U"
76561198319818104,Recommended,433340,29578258,Posted: 29 January,all,kitsune 💜,"this game is great for anyone who likes collecting cute little slimes then umm...imprisoning them in cages while making gadgets to fight off evil rainbow monstersanyways...Harvest Moon meets Dragon Warrior in this fun, cute little game where you gather, feed, and export the 'plorts' or waste products of various slimes. You're given a large amount of starter plots to build and get ready to farm, and then it can expand, offering a large amount of different things your plots can evolve to. I love the different slimes and learning what to do to cage them effectively. It's explained in your Slimepedia what they may need to function, and what you may need to look out for, like Tabbies jumping, Boom slimes' explosions, and Rad slimes' radiation, as well as diet. This takes a lot of the guesswork out and allows you to focus moreso on feeding these ravenous, goopy beasts.The only problem I have is the rate Roostro's, being so rare, age. It takes about two days for them to turn into Elder Roostros, while siring a dozen Hen Hens. Then, it's a race to HOPE to find another Roostro to breed for meat, beating back every Pink slime and Tabbie that goes near it in hopes of being able to cultivate more. It would help if they didn't become Elders unless another Roostro is born, or have a higher Roostro drop the day after yours turns into an Elder. Otherwise, it's find and hope, and I can't tell you the amount of times I was entirely crestfallen, finding one that gets devoured by a Tabbie just hopping by.Overall I recommend it, fun game ^_^"
76561198283788062,Recommended,433340,21676156,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Xx_Mulanrose3_xX,"What makes Slime Rancher rediculosly fun?Slime rancher is very cute, and the art style looks very adorable. Slime rancher is a game about feeding slimes, and selling their poo, which I think is very creative and very original. There are 8 slimes in game currently, and there are at least 4 more to come. It just might be the next big thing, although it does take awhile to release each build."
,Recommended,433340,34748228,Posted: 4 September,all,Charner219,They should really ad a multiplayer co-op experience and that wil make it the grastest game ever I do recomend it. :)
76561198195668270,Recommended,433340,23244669,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Holey Cheese,"Slime Rancher is an amazing,beautiful,and adorable game that has the player collecting cute slimes,breeding,feeding,and making money with the economic plort market.Here are some possible suggestions for this awesome gameSuggestions:-Add multiplayer-Make tarrs less common-Add secret area maps that you can find and piece together to know the locations and slime inhabitents-Add cool secrets (Which may come soon)Possible DLC Expantions:Endless Slime Sea Expantion-Add the ability to get an uprade to survive the slime sea and go into it,and air tanks-Add slimes in the slime sea (Possible slimes:Shark Slime;Sea Slime;Corral Slime)-Add an underwater slime area-Add slime ships (In the slime sea and each contain 1 species of slime,but may have a chance to have pirate slimes and a captain slime,your call devs)Beyond Slimes Expantion-Add possible other slime dimensions (with different slimes) and possibly slime space (with diff. slimes)-Add upgrades like air tanks,plasma vac,and maybe a planet creator that lets you collect planet fragments and make planetsHope you read this and consider my suggestions :D"
,Recommended,433340,22749576,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Chairman Meow,"Slime Rancher is a beautiful and cute game about a space colonist in a planet inhabited by slimes thousands of lightyears away from earth.Pros:-7 slime species and more to come-Even more largos-An expanding map-Every single part about the game is cute-Many secrets in the game-Still in early access even with so much content-Expandable farm and upgrades for the player-A jetpack to fly to unfinshed placesCons:-Sometimes grinding gets quite boring-Tarr slimes are just annoying and predictable-Tarr slimes are too common-Not much content(yet)-Game is slow at start(for me, atleast)Overall it s an adorable time consuming game that I am 84.14582% sure you will love very much. I am also 99% sure that the Tabby Slime will be your favorite, the other 1% of you are cold hearted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and should burn in hell."
,Recommended,433340,34070209,Posted: 6 August,all,"Mike ""The Third Reich"" Stoklasa","I was browsing Steam after a few hours in Fallout New Vegas when I saw a game that had just been released and was on sale, Slime Rancher - a game where you steal slimes from the wild, put them in cages, suck up their poop and sell it. It had overwhelmingly positive reviews and so I got it. Best time I've wasted ever."
,Recommended,433340,24355832,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,spooky princess,"✿ Review: Slime Rancher (16/07/16) ✿Warning: This review will contain spoilers!In Slime Rancher you'll build your own ranch on an unknown planet. Instead of cows and sheep you will keep your cute little, sometimes even dangerous, pet blobs. You can expand your ranch to keep a lot of different kinds of slimes and you can also customize the slime enclosures to make sure they don't run away from you!~ (✿◠‿◠)I'll be reviewing this game in four categories; ""gameplay, graphics/design, soundtrack & price"", where I will also rate the sections of this game from 1 (being bad) to 5 (being really good) and explain what I liked/disliked.「Gameplay」4/5I got this game right after it got greenlit and I played it for around ten hours straight. It never got boring for me because there was just so much to explore! Back then, you didn't really have those tutorials you will find in the game now (which is really good to get into the game) so you just went to walk around to explore. In the beginning you will probably have a hard time getting coins to build stuff on your ranch but once my whole ranch was full, I had nothing to do anymore. I didn't even need the coins for anything anymore because I already had everything I would need.. (¬_¬) But since the devs are really active on this game, I checked back after some months and saw they added new content! I really appreciated that because most Early Access games just get abandoned after they got their money.「Graphics & Design」5/5I'm a huge fan of the adorable design. Everything is bright and so cheerful. Everything was set on the highest graphical setting and the light effects on the slimes, water etc. are amazing! This has a cartoonish yet incredible art style, I fell in love with it.  (｡◕‿◕｡)「Soundtrack」5/5Adorable and relaxing soundtrack! Just as the rest of the game, very cheerful.「Price」3/5This game may be a bit overpriced but since the devs are amazing and still working on it after several months, it's worth the money. Well, atleast if you're into those kind of games!All in all, I got addicted to this adorable game and totally recommend it if you like simulation games with a 100% cuteness factor. (◡‿◡✿)"
,Recommended,433340,20651394,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,CoverArtist,">Finds game when it comes out>Streams it, nearly blows out speakers of viewers from me awwing>Accidentally mixed two different slimes, black slimes form>Scream in horror as they slowly devour every slime I own>Unsure what to do, so I run and sleep for the night>Wake up, no slimes are left.#BlackSlimesMatter"
76561198117193002,Recommended,433340,21197599,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,M1ckyMack,7 hours into the game.Day 22 in game.Stock market is crashing.Slimes are starving.everything is mutating into tarr.Phosphor slimes are exploding.And worst of all there is a pink tabby slime clipping through my front doorBest game 11/10
,Recommended,433340,20561596,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,HonestAbe,"Very good early access game. Lacking a bit on features for 20$, but every second of my five hours have been extremly enjoyable."
,Recommended,433340,20555617,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,foxknightly,"This game is wonderful.I have never written a review before, but I felt like I just had too. With all the super greatness this game shoves down our throats, there was some bitterness to the taste. Where did the story go? Please don't tell me that the whole story is being told by E-mail. I do realize that this is a work in progress, so I am sure that the story elements will be better developed later on. As far as game play mechanics go, perfection. Run, jump, jet backs, vacuum gun, all of it! Perfection...even when you try to catch a chicken and it decides to fly off in random directions.I'm really upset I played this game as early as I did, I want more, and I want it now!!!!Can't wait to see the final product!"
76561198163339296,Recommended,433340,23559233,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MacBeka,"This is such a wonderful game and even though there isn't much to do once you have everything set up, it's still nice to come to when you're feeling down. Very highly recommend this game, particularly if you have anxiety and/or depression like me"
76561198060310388,Recommended,433340,34051125,Posted: 5 August,all,Pupsi Cola,"I utterly loved this game. I got it as a gift from a friend and played it waaay before they released it and then put it down. But once I heard the story mode was finished I came back and finished the game in three days. Pretty much playing it non-stop.It's so fun and casual, the artwork and the slimes are incredible and I love messing around with the slimes picking them up and pushing them around. Each slime is pretty easy to find and pick up, the food is a bit hard to get but a lot of this can be solved with just conbining the slimes with someone easier.That said though I do have a few issues with the game.I think being restricted to 4 slots for the inventory is pretty strict. It made me wise up quick and take only what I think is necessary but it's still so hard to do things just around the farm. You spend a lot of time in the farm especially in the later stages, getting fruits and veggies just to make sure your slimes don't go crazy if you stay out on an adventure for longer then you thought you would. The upside is that resources are pretty easy to get out in the wild and the slimes take longer to aggravate if you have the precautions like the music box and a few toys. It just made being a rancher a bit tedious to me and less fun. The devs are talkin about bringing in items though to help lighten the load.Another thing was how fast fruits and veggies grow, drop and decay. Maybe it was just me but I felt it was a bit to fast on the decaying part. I'd leave for a day and come back and all my crops would be dead. That's no fun when sometimes I just want to run out and explore the world a little more.This game is really fun, especially when you have your slimes and personally for me it's just very relaxing taking care of the slimes as long as I'm not required to run around too much.That being said though if you want to buy this game you need to realize it can get quite grindy and has a lot of backtracking. I never really minded it much but I know this can be a turn off for some people. The story is fantastic but pushes a message to much to meand I didn't really like how the letters were. You only got half of the story in my opinion. I would love to see what Bea said back to Casey instead of getting vague answers to your responses.Despite all my bellyaching I would give this game a 8/10. Pick it up if you think you'd be interested."
,Recommended,433340,34380906,Posted: 20 August,all,Juusk,This game is so good you can play it all day and you would not get bored.One of the best games of 2017.It is totaly worth 20€.You should definitely try it!
,Recommended,433340,27019917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KoalaMan!,I love enslaving entire races.
76561198025148070,Recommended,433340,20616473,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,EclipsedHusky,"EARLY ACCESS!Fun, bit short, not a ton to do in it yet. Due to how early the game is in build. But, tons of room for improvement and additional content!"
76561198050048150,Recommended,433340,21067624,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Blueberry Blast,Who needs triple A titles when you have slime rancher?101/10
,Recommended,433340,20650667,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Niko,"Has super kawaii slimes: CHECKRelaxing and calm soundtrack and atmosphere: CHECKCan force feed poop to slimes: CHECKEasy to pick up and play: CHECKThis game may be early access but I can tell this is one of the best investments I've made in my entire life, this game has so much potential to be good, and the developers seem to be on top of things with a lot of features already panned out.BECOME A SLIME RANCHER TODAY!"
76561198246220766,Recommended,433340,30440510,Posted: 10 March,all,Tinket,"Well, Slime Rancher, you've ruined my life (In a good way!). I'm HOOKED. Have work to do? Play SlimeRancher. Need to get some sleep? Play SlimeRancher. Have plans to go out with friends, NOPE I'M BUSY PLAYING SLIME RANCHER. Honestly, this is one of the best games I've ever played, and I reccommend this to anyone.Pros-ADVENTURES EVERYWHERE.NON STOP FUN.FEEDING CHICKENs TO SLIME THINGS AND COLLECT THEIR POOP FOR MONEY - I mean what? I've never fed them                    chicken....WATER GUN!!!CUTE ARTSTYLEBEAUTIFUL SCENERYSHHHINNNNYYYYYYYYY*Boop*(The list goes on and on and on and on and on....)Cons-Watching a series on Youtube before buying it so now there's not as much surprises (That's my idiot fault, though)...Oh, and the shooter thing only has 4 slots.But in all seriousness here, this is an absolutely amazing game. To anyone out there, reading this review and considering buying SlimeRancher: please do. It will not let you down, this is not one of those money-wasting five minute games. This is an entire world that holds hours, days, weeks, MONTHS of fun! Wait no longer, the game of your dreams is right here..."
76561198132703387,Recommended,433340,34486911,Posted: 25 August,all,Hellbyte/your worst nightmare,i love this game also when i put thoses puddle slimes into the docks water fall puddle and they played wit hthe duck it was so cute it made me cry
,Recommended,433340,34128345,Posted: 9 August,all,[nBn] Kat,"Slime Rancher isn't for everyone--it's quickly repetitive, and you spend more time taking care of the ranch than you do exploring the land (even with every automative system available)--but it is, for the right type of player, an incredibly relaxing game. The ability to save whenever and wherever you are means that you can hop in and out of the game at your leisure, which in turn means that those mindless tasks of running back and forth, collecting food and plorts and refinery materials, become a great way to switch off.My one complaint would have been that the game desperately needs a map feature, but that was implemented in version 1.0.1., shortly after official launch. With a world so vast, it's very easy to forget where you need to be and get lost, but that's part of the charm."
,Recommended,433340,26113899,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Erynder,"Slime RancherA game that full of joy, peaceful and happiness. Once you have played this game all the negative feelings will go away.Slime rancher is a first-person games that letting the player to explore the slime world and find all kinds of slimes and resources.GameplayThis is an open world game that includes 4 areas/biomes: Overgrowth, Dry Reef, Grotto and Ranch. Each realm have it's own special resources and slimes. The player will first explore The Dry Reef until the player obtain a slime key to unlock the other areas. There are no goals in Slime Rancher, the player's job is simply upgrad gears, rancher facilities, plus to learn how to keep slimes from hungry or have an Tarr outbreak. It's really entertaining to play this game with a rather smooth background music, the purpose of this game is just to enjoy and explore step by step.Pros & ConsPros:+Really cute slimes that drives you nuts (Excluding The Tarr)+A rather large open world with 3 different sections that you can explore.+Even if you explored the whole world you still want to open the game sometimes to play with your slimes.+A awesome developer are still working on the game and adding more and more stuff so don't worry about there's not to much element since it's still in early access.+The Slime Science update made this game even better and more balanced, before that ranchers only need 1 or 2 types of slime to make money since their plorts are much valuable, but now you will need all kinds of plorts as the ingredients for the Slime Science. Plus you can place your gadgets all over the place (not just in your ranch), but you'll have to collect some rare resources from drillers or pumps.Cons:-So far, the only con I can find is about the crystal slime in the newest update, sometimes the performance is not so well when you kept too many crystal slimes especially largos. Their crystals on the ground can often lag my computer. I do hope the developer can make it better in the next update.GeneralI think Slime Rancher is suitable for everybody, this game is still in early access but the content of this game is already worth the price so GO AHEAD AND BUY ONE. I promise that you won't regret that.10/10"
76561198123870883,Recommended,433340,33153473,Posted: 2 July,all,Murk,"I absolutely adore this game, it's very cute, it's happy and it makes me happy when I play it."
,Recommended,433340,23755544,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Damuel,"IT'S SO CUTE.Also really addictive. If you want a chill laid back game then this is it. Not much to say about the gameplay, the trailer basically shows what the game is about. There seems to be a bit of depth to ""breeding"" slimes since some slimes will eat eachother to make new combinations but I haven't played enough yet.Regardless the game is ADORABLE. If you want something slow paced that will mix things up and you can take your time with, buy this asap."
,Recommended,433340,20635976,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ℤⅇℕⅈ†ℏ,"This is a very cute, fun game that I am currently loving to play.I highly recommend this to anyone with a sense of cuteness.Great fun, can't wait for every one of the next updates!"
,Recommended,433340,34368193,Posted: 20 August,all,monkeygrrlee,My favorite game to relax right now. General farming gameplay with a good amount of exploration and an adorable art style! Somehow I end up playing for hours. And hours and hours.
,Recommended,433340,33988471,Posted: 3 August,all,just.like.that,"In Slime Rancher you are a farmer on a far away planet where you split your time between exploring your surroundings and taking care of your slimes, bouncyball-like creatures that you find on your expeditions. Well-fed slimes produce plorts which you can sell to earn money for upgrades.It is a fun casual game with an adorable artstyle that suffers a little from its lack of depth, story or endgoal.I recommend it for people who need a distraction but don't want to become too invested in what they are playing or for people who just want to unwind after a stressful day.The game has a free demo, so check that out to see if you like it.StoryThere is no story to speak of. You farm slimes, you cultivate food for them, you go exploring. In the beginning, you get a few messages from your neighbours who introduce themselves to you but you will never actually meet them. You get a little bit of information about the different kind of slimes when you find them. That's it. There is no endgoal, no objective. This is not necessarily a bad thing, it makes for very relaxing gameplay, just be aware of that if you don't like open-ended games.GameplayYou move with WASD, jump and later fly with space and look around with the mouse. You are carrying a kind of huge vacuum cleaner thing called vac that lets you suck in everything including slimes, food and live chickens with the left mouse button and ejects it with quite a bit of force when pressing the right button.The developers did an excellent job here, everything about how you move, how the vac works and sounds feels right. After you bought a few upgrades you can run for long stretches and even fly around a bit and it's a lot of fun just speeding around.You have 4 inventory slots for everything plus (after an upgrade) a seperate one for water. The water is your ammunition to defend yourself against the only enemy in this game, a form of corrupted slime that appears if a slime eats plorts from more than one different slime-type. If that happens somewhere around you, the music changes and you can either run away or try to defeat them by shooting them with water or just use your vac to fling them into the ocean. You are never really in danger here, the only thing that will reliably kill you is if you fall into the ocean yourself. That will lose you your inventory and a day in-game.The main part of the game is farming your slimes. Your farm consists of up to five areas with 4 to 6 plots that you can turn into either corals for your slimes, farm plots, or silos for storage. Each slime-type has its favourite food which will make them produce more plorts if they get it. You can turn your normal slimes into Largos by feeding them a plort from a different slime-type. A Largo is a huge slime that is a mixture of the original slime and the plort-producing slime. You can't suck them up with your vac anymore, but they produce plorts of both species and also have the favourite foods of both types, which makes feeding them easier. You collect plorts to sell them for money, or later you also use them as ingredients in crafting.Exploration is also a big part of the game. There are several different regions that you can either explore right from the start or that you need to unlock by finding secret places. There are also boxes and pods hidden away that you can find and contain some goodies.CriticismSlime rancher doesn't have a story or endgoal. That is, as I've said, not necessarily negative. Usually, open-ended games or sandbox games make up for that by giving you the tools to make your own story and/or goals, e.g. Minecraft or Stardew Valley. Slime Rancher's problem is that it also lacks depth. There is no creativity involved, your plots are where they are, you can decide what to put on them and which slimes to farm but that's it.Farming itself is basically grinding. You need to farm to get money for upgrades to make farming a little less tedious but you still have to run around a lot on your farm since the different areas and plots are spaced out quite a bit. You can ignore your slimes, they won't die on you but your fruits and vegetables will just disappear after a while unless you have stored some of them somewhere.At some point you'll get access to crafting. You need different types of plorts for crafting which you get by finding the different slimes in the different regions. What you can craft are machines that let you harvest special ingredients. You need these for other devices that make it easier to farm and to visit far away places but only after you've already visited them. The problem is that after you've found the region-specific slimes there isn't really a reason to go there again, so you begin to wonder why you're even doing any of it.I bought this game in early access quite a while ago and played it again when the pre-release final version came out, and both times I've hit that spot after 18 hours or so where I lost interest because even though I still haven't found every slime-type and haven't unlocked every area, I know that there won't be anything really new in it, just more slimes.I still see myself playing it every now and then to unwind after a stressful day, though, because it is strangely relaxing to just aimlessly run around in this game and shoot slimes in the air. There is nothing stressful or demanding, the artstyle is adorable, music and sounds are perfectly fitting, and the slimes are really cute.There's alsoa bugthat lets you fall through the world and die in one of your farm areas. This is a new bug that I only encountered in the release version, so I'm hopeful that they'll fix that soon.So, thumbs up from me but know what you're getting into. I'd give it a 6/10 if Steam allowed such a thing."
76561198154886543,Recommended,433340,23843004,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Angery_Turnip,"So I've never written a review before but I love this game so here it goes. Slime Rancher is basically a game where you can capture these creatures called slimes and farm them and make money off of their ""plorts"" they poop out after you feed them. I've had this game for a couple days and I've only played it 9 hours but I cannot get enough of this cool game.The adorable and fun style of this game is what first attracted me to the game. The slimes are all clever and so cute too.While the gameplay is fun and will keep you busy for awhile, the game is still pretty short. You can't really ""finish"" the game, but I've done quite a bit in my hours of playing. But seeing that this is more of an earlier development, and while exploring the game you can see sections that aren't finished yet, there might be more someday. I hope to see more of this game because it's simple and entertaining and I just love this game.Hope this review helps :)"
76561198041771711,Not Recommended,433340,34007189,Posted: 3 August,all,The Antichrist,"i really do wish there was some kind of neutral option... i adore this game but there's still something about it that irks me. like a lot of the few negative reviews say, it feels empty. like there's a big ol hole that should be full of stuff that just stayed empty despite the fact that it's ""officially released"", and i deeply hope the developers will take care of that."
,Recommended,433340,34051991,Posted: 5 August,all,Is Mayonnaise an Aesthetic?,"If it wasn't evident from the 50+ hours I've logged into Slime Rancher, I love this little game. It's an immensely relaxing life/farming simulation game that has you exploring visually stunning areas and ranching adorable slimes. As you earn money off of them, you can start to unlock more areas of the Ranch, craft gadgets, and decorate your ranch. It's a great, wholesome game for any age, and I very highly recommend it."
76561198087448644,Recommended,433340,33953323,Posted: 1 August,all,Lexanomical Unit,"Do you like collecting shiny things, giggling about cute stuff, and exploring as much as you can possibly putter over to? Then I have a game for you! I've been playing this since near the beginning of early access and it has come a long way in terms of content and the devs have been so dedicated to making this one of my favorite games. It has been a good relaxing game due to being impossible to stay upset while playing."
76561198191411178,Recommended,433340,24675132,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,alpha wolf,its a good game just needs muitplayer XD
76561198121967774,Recommended,433340,20947451,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hey Blondie!,"I would definitely recommend this game if you have the hearts to play with cute slimes. They remind me of a Poring, Nekoring, etc(ring) from Ragnarok Online, which why I have bought this game. It's simple as it is:1) You are a famer abducting slimes from their homes2) Sell their coloring, gooey poop for money! What a strange sensation!3) Run around exploring avaliable worlds and slimes!4) Cuteness of the slimes, especially those Cat slimes. <3 They jump on your face like a derpbag you are.5) Find tard and spit him to the ocean. Way to go, slugger!Last and at least, it's a fun time consuming game. Whenever  you are bored from other games you just finished, come play this to hunt down a very special thing: the Golden Slime! Little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s runs away the speed of light the minute you take a feet in. Anyways, it's very enjoyable, relaxing and stress-free. Take a step back and enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,433340,33954287,Posted: 1 August,all,LynX,"I thought my gf would dig this cause it's cute and♥♥♥♥♥♥but she got really bothered when a slime ate a cute chicken and ♥♥♥♥♥ed it into jewelry.Thought for sure she'd like the cat slimes though so I told her to come look quick and then a giant tarr monster ate it and she ♥♥♥♥ing smacked me over the head.I still love her though, she my honey slime.Great game 10/10"
,Not Recommended,433340,24902356,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,A Wild Harpy,"For those of you who don't want to read my block of text, scroll down to the easy-to-digest pros and cons listNow, listen, I DO enjoy this game. It's very colorful, cute and I can see the creativity that went into it. The problem is that some things are well.. for lack of a better term, unbalanced. You see, within about 12 hours of this game I wrangled up every slime species, had so many newbucks that I didn't know what to do with, bought all of the ranch extentions, and had just about unlocked all of the doors with the slime keys. Now maybe it's just me, but unless you want to unlock all of the achievements (which I'll admit, can be kind of fun unlocking) you're gonna run out of stuff to do. Now I know that this game is in early access, but I think you'd be better off waiting until the game is finished, unless you wanna play the game as it gets developed. And while we're on the subject, $20 isn't worth it. I honestly think 10 or 15 would be enough for this game, at least while it's in early access.Pros-Cute design and audio-Lots of achievements to kill time-Slime hybrids, to keep you experimenting-A little trading system with in-game characters-A good amount of creativity thrown into the game-Rare slimes to hunt down-A sence of repsonsibility over the slimes and your ranchCons-Not really worth the price-Run out of things to do-You eventually get a lot of money, but you soon realize it's only because you have nothing left to spend it on-No multiplayer (Yet. Unless they never implement it in which case... idk)Edit:This review is a little outdated and I'm not gonna bother updating it so take it as you will"
,Recommended,433340,30368741,Posted: 7 March,all,⛎~『♊SpoopyRipey♊』~⛎,"You play as Beatrix LeBeau, A Slime Rancher on the Far Far Range. You capture innocent and adorable little alien creatures known as slimes and force them to combine by feeding them poop.10/10"
76561198039421142,Recommended,433340,32608768,Posted: 20 June,all,Jay,Love it super cute.
76561198028116130,Recommended,433340,34096747,Posted: 7 August,all,ToastyRoasty,"very relaxing game (that is surprisingly addicting) where you take care of cute slimes.Although gameplay wise, most that you do is either forage or plant food for your slimes to get their ""plorts"" which could be sold for cash that you might need for various upgrades available ranging from your equipment, to even buying cosmetics for your farm so it looks nicer.It is quite repetitive ala harvest moon, but they put in quite a bit variety of slimes and features in the game so it would still be able to kill a good 15+ or so hours. not to mention, the meat of the game which is exploration, is very well done. it doesnt feel like one of those empty open spaces like some ""open-world"" games, yet it doesnt feel small at all and is brimming with content that you can discover. i.e : logs from previous ranch owner, treasure pods, etc. the first time i fired the game up i wasted 8+ hours in one day which should say something about the game.the soundtrack is quite alright, they made it so its still nice to hear even after many loops and every area has their own music. though i kind of wish each type of slimes has their own unique sounds aside from their ability sfx, but each and everyone of them is very cute so its not a big deal.i played this game a few months before their release and can swear that the devs do care about the game because of constant updates, the game will still be updated even after release so there would be more content coming soon.if you like those farm sims game like Harvest moon / stardew valley or just want a chill game, this game is highly recommended."
76561198222599052,Recommended,433340,26716147,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ORESTEVE,"Overall the game is fun, exploring while trying to maintain the ranch and fighting of the Tar and feral slimes. but there is a current glitch that is blocking me from even playing the game anymore, after you walk off of the elevated spawn area you fall directly into the ground and drown in the slime sea, this has accoured in the path to the lab too! please fix this so fellow players and me can actually play the game."
,Not Recommended,433340,34015431,Posted: 4 August,all,noobule,"This game is super super cute and I applaud them for the overall idea but the gameplay is extremely lacking.The world is static, linear, and non interactive. It's cute and pretty but much of the game is spent marching through pointless expanses of the game world simply to reach something on the far end. And insult to injury: time and time again I went to a good amount of trouble to open a new area of the world only to find it filled with nothing new - the same slimes and the same resources as areas I had access to from the beginning of the game.Slime ranching consists of nothing more than collecting each variety once, shooting it into a pen, setting up its 'favourite food' and that's it. Every day the slimes must be fed and their droppings collected in an extremely tedious fashion. The various labour saving devices ultimately save only a very small portion of this tedium. Slimes require very little maintaince outside of that and the entire process involves no decision making outside of placing the plot.The game has various unlockables but its clear that must only exist to artificially lengthen the game. There are some items that open up later on that appear to make things more complicated, but the game is so poorly paced that I gained access to them at a time where I was sick of the primary (and extremely limited) farming loopI'd be interested in a more developed version of this concept but at this stage it's a very bare concept that's been artificially filled out.That said it's probably a great game if you have a child to entertain"
76561198027187484,Recommended,433340,34069697,Posted: 6 August,all,Sting,"The kind of game that makes you feel like a kid again. The fresh new experience that indies are made to deliver. I craved more direction when I was getting started, such as some simple missions, as well as a map system or some unique landmarks to keep me from going in circles. Reguardless, I wound up fully absorbed in this charming, optimistic new world."
,Recommended,433340,25932690,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Desticler,"This game is simply amazing.Get some pink slimes, build them a place to live on your ranch, feed them with carrots and pogofruits, get plorts, sell plorts, upgrate your ranch, get new slimes like rock slimes and tabby slimes, feed them, get more plorts, sell those plorts, create largos which make more plorts, feed gordos (aka bosses) to unlock new areas, get new slimes, get rid of pink slimes since they are useless right now, build gardens so you can grow slimes' favorite food, build ponds for cute puddle slimes (who make a lot of expensive plorts!), defeat more gordos, unlock new areas...Eventually you come to a part where you have best slimes, great ranch, vacpack is fully upgrated, you have too many food for slimes that it gets rotten before they even become hungry... This is basically the end of Early Access. Now you just have to wait for more updates.I recommend this to everyone. This is, unfortunately, Early Access, so you can ""beat"" the game in 10 hours, but this is still an amazing game.EDIT: This game has a lot of achievements. Some of them are easy, but some are so challenging and risky! 3 of them can only be obtained in ""Five Day Rush"" mode, which is an amazing challenge! So, if you like getting achievements you will spend... 20 hours. Not 10.EDIT 2: Slime Science... It will add a LOT of time into the game. I love seeing this game grow. Remember that before you get to Slime Science, you have to do all the stuff above, so... Around 70 hours now! Keep up with good work, Momoni Park!"
76561198044828743,Recommended,433340,22782650,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Omnipotentbearsharktopus,This game is absolutely fantastic!Pros;*Hours of fun watching pink slimes hop around eating innocent chickens.*They have a catslime that steals your carrots.*You can feed your friendly Tarr innocent slimes that you don't needCons:-Slimes love to escape-Cat slimes love to touch your headI spend 2 hours catching pink slimes and threw them all in the slime sea just to make sure if they can swim!
,Recommended,433340,20960599,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ThatVerySexyNeko:3,Made Just for you to imprison and keep everything you love near you as they slowly starve
,Not Recommended,433340,32822609,Posted: 26 June,all,Pie_Savvy,"I really want to love this game, it's got great style and character and it's a delightfully simple game (you suck things up and you shoot things) but at the same time it sorely lacks the depth other games of the ""farming"" genre has.At the end of the day, everything you do boils down to selling slime poop (plorts) for money with no real grand mid-end game goals in sight and gosh does it get repetitive.  (I'm at 14 hours playtime)When I first started it up I was really enjoying it, got a grand island to explore and gather all different types of cutesy slimes and run a nice ranch but as time got on I found myself already maxing out all the plot upgrades within a few small hours and any difficulty in rearing different types of slimes can be solved by simply feeding them another type of 'plort' and solving their weakness.Got a tabby slime and it's annoying rearing chickens? just give them a rock plort and now they eat both meat and veggies. They grow into big slimes and so they can bounce higher, but at the same time you've got a fully maxed out corral so it doesn't matter at all.Mixing slimes (with plorts) doesn't create new interesting slimes, just a hybrid of the two that poops out two 'plorts' to sell.Exploration is your standard overworld exploring affair, there isn't any puzzle type ""dungeons"" to explore. The most complex it gets is feeding giant slimes to reveal keys/teleports and just jetpacking everywhere, there is very little difficulty and challenge in exploring, or reward even unless its unlocking a new area to find 2 new slimes.Also any enemies can just be pushed into the sea or blasted with water twice to be defeated, there's no challange in it at all as soon as you unlock the water container (which is available to buy straight away).And slime science isn't about creating new wild slime types, it's about being able to collect resources from machines that allow you to sell plorts easier, which isn't a tedious task in the first place even with a fully upgraded & expanded ranch.What this game really needs is more depth in what it's got, at 14 hours in all that I can really do now is just use my money to buy more cosmetic looks for my house, exploring feels tiring after the first look around the place and any reason to go to a new area boils down to ""you can earn a bit more money with nothing to spend it on!"" There's no collectathon to try and get all the slimes / find all the resources / find the secret treasures of the island, it just boils down to selling easily obtained slime poop to buy colours for your house.I really want to be able to recommend the game, but as of it's current state (0.6) it just gets boring and you feel like you've done nearly everything within a short time (me being within 14 hours.)"
76561198251161128,Recommended,433340,34492368,Posted: 25 August,all,TheCubist,"10/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,433340,20765762,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Coverop,A good combination of Harvest Moon with cuteness!
,Recommended,433340,34345208,Posted: 19 August,all,Twisty,"Not Enough Ranch Dressing, Too Much Slimey Goo"
76561198048158776,Recommended,433340,21951066,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PaperCloud,"Though still definitely an unfinished game, Slime Rancher has all the mechanics of a completed game. This game is for anyone who wants a laid back, relaxed, and cute game that involves exploration and experimenting. The only problem thusfar is that it is lacking content, however the game developers are still making more areas to explore as this is still an early access game. Overall this is a very good start to a fantastic game."
,Recommended,433340,33957094,Posted: 1 August,all,IkeUdis,pls make multiplayer :D
,Recommended,433340,29965771,Posted: 16 February,all,ღ℘αґαмøґ℮¢ґαℨ¥,"This game is absoulutly amazing, from the art style to the game play, i recommend this game to anyone, its one of those games that you can just get in and relax and its also very addicting, very cute and very beautiful. Everytime theres a new update i get so exicited to see what has been added, everything that they have added up to this point is amazing and i cant wait for more to come. The game developers have done so much with this game already and still in early access i think its just amazing, well done to everyone who is working on this game i think its just so unique. :)"
76561198055440050,Recommended,433340,24463962,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,LordTachyon,"It's a good game, but only for about 5-6 hours. There simply is not enough content to justify the price and to justify buying it right now. However, I give this game a thumbs up because the develepors are working very hard to update this game and fix the bugs, so if you do buy it, know that it is almost purely to support the develepors.Again, this game is fun, just not enough content as of now. :)"
,Recommended,433340,34849179,Posted: 9 September,all,Helleri,"If I had to give a one sentence summation (the TL;DR if you will) it would be as follows.This game is well made, family/kid friendly, content rich, and delightfully entertaining.However the game does deserve a deeper look than that...The art style is well conceived and executed. A pastel painted world accented and contrasted by neon here and there through particle effects and lights on objects. The developers clearly know something about color theory. Becuase this world is very colorful. But not in a jarring way. It's serenely beautiful.Beyond that it's a very interesting world. Heavily eroded from a retreating amoebic sea and populated with a combination of native anaerobic animal life forms (that drop the ever valuable and highly desirable substance, the plort) and mild mutations of imported flora and fauna. Very alien yet still a little familiar.Movement is smooth with a little bit of glide in the stop. Jumping is high and long arched. Jumping is also slower than one might have expected. There are fluffy, thin. fast moving clouds. Yet oddly no rain. Things fixed to the ground are wispy or wiggly. Things not fixed in place are bouncy or easily moved with some delay in acceleration. There are no snowy or icy areas. Locations tend to be arid or tropical.It really nails down what one would intuitively expect of a world that is just within the margins of supporting life as we know it. A world clearly significantly less gravitational pull than on Earth and that is much closer to it's parent star. It really feels like somewhere far away that is slowly being colonized. While also still very much wild and strange to it's new inhabitants.The music fits the world wonderfully, helping to set the tone for areas and the tempo of play perfectly. It's also very good music and very easy to get stuck in one's head. Though this may be down to repetativness to some extant. It might be nice to get a few additional tracks to pre-existing areas eventually.There is so much to explore. Though somewhat corridor and progression gated. there are often multiple ways to get to a single spot on the map. Once the player obtains the jet pack. Back tracking through previously explored areas reveals all sorts of hidden nooks and treasures the player will have entirely missed previous to the upgrade (i.e. areas are worth revisiting later).Death, violence, blood and gore are downplayed or cartooned. The player doesn't die themselves. They get knocked out.After which they must rest up at the ranch and loose a portion of whatever they were carrying. Even when villainous slimes consume the other slimes one gets the sense of a merger rather then true death. Taking these so called Tar out feels more like cleansing the world rather than killing. Even when firing slimes (of which the player may at times have too many of) conveniently into the sea. They go with an adorable expression and a cute plop.While the game can present some challenge in the way of progression, finding a good balance on one's ranch, and thinking one's way through a puzzle. There aren't any real unfair spikes in difficulty, lack of warning about potential dangers or obstacles that can't be overcome with a little persistence, effort, and sometimes just waiting until one has some better upgrades or more resources. These two aspects (the death and difficulty aspects) are why I say the game is family/kid friendly.Everything comes down to progressively more advanced and varied combinations of the same very basic mechanics, features and abilities. However, after about 30 hours of play. Whenever I feel like I've just about exhausted the unique content of the game. Something new pops up. So it has yet to actually get stale.What really surprised me is how bug and glitch free the game is. On a technical level the game is better put together than many AAA games I've played. The gaming industry as a whole could learn a thing or two from the level of competency, dedication, and skill the game's developers have displayed.Praises aside there are some features that fall flat for me. For instance the trading post. In the early game I could rarely seem to gather enough of requested materials by other ranchers to fullfill the trade requirments in time. In the later game I had so much resources that the trades on offer simply were not worth it.Another example of a feature I found to not really get off the ground with me is the price flucuations on the plort market. In the early game it's hard to build enough storage in order to hold onto certain plorts long enough and in great enough quantity to justify waiting for a favorable price change. In the late game the player will have so many plorts that the price changes really don't matter.I've also noticed that I run into odd food shortage spikes from surplus of food going to waste because the auto feeders don't manage it very well. Have too many slimes in a corral and one gets too many plorts to manage. Not enough and food goes to waste. Even though the rate of feeding can be adjusted. At the lowest setting it is far too high.However these are all things that I imagine the developers can make value adjustments to and update at some point. They don't really stand in the way of play (much) or progression. They simply aren't as useful as they could be as features. Since they're easily ignored short commings (save for the food management thing which too stringently dictates how long the player can spend off-ranch exploring). Even making changes to how they work could be ignored and the game wouldn't really suffer for it. I consider these low priority to-do's.Higher priority to-do's are spots the player can get stuck in. I perhaps only got stuck 3 times in nearly 30 hours so far. 1 of those times was entirely my fault for pushing the envelope on where I could explore too far. Even so there are rocks here and there that could stand to be deleted. It's still shouldn't be extremely high priority considering how infrequent it is and that the developers provided a menu feature for returning to the ranch incase of becoming stuck. Sure you loose a few items you were holding. But in my experience it's never been anything you can't get back inside of a few minutes with how quickly one can traverse the entirety of the map.The storyline...I could take it or leave it. It's well enough written. There are some salient points about life to be had from it. But at my age it's nothing I hadn't already figured out. The younger reader might get more out of it than I did.All in all I think this is a great game. I think it will age well too considering the artstyle and that the developers appear to be constantly adjusting small things and putting out small to large updates. It's also a good value. One can pay 3x as much (I bought it on steam from their store page for about $20 USD) for games that aren't half as well made.I do think there is a little more appeal here for the younger or more casual gamer. But I wouldn't call it a bad buy for any kind of gamer really. It's fleshed out enough that I think just about any one could find enjoyment with it."
76561198040643067,Recommended,433340,21238735,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tifi,Super fun / adorable! Cant wait to see how the game progreses. It reminded me of when I first started playing Minecraft ;)
76561198208255269,Recommended,433340,34257118,Posted: 15 August,all,Asfiction,"My game keeps crashing, but I'm never going to say that it's a bad game."
,Recommended,433340,22154171,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,apathy's bitch (Liz),"I really love this game, it's a lot of fun to catch and organize and feed all the slimes. The recent update added an entirely new area with new slimes to catch.Edit 6/20/17: My biggest complaint about the game (really the only complaint I have) is that there's no in-game map. I get very easily lost and turned around and it's becoming frustrating to navigate the larger the game grows.Edit 8/7/17: Now that the game is out of early access, my only complaint is moot because THEY ADDED A MAP OMG. So much better."
76561198255203408,Recommended,433340,34681252,Posted: 2 September,all,Barinos,"if youre thinking about buying this game, don't think, just buy"
76561198242087836,Recommended,433340,22958519,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,kawaiibunny368,for a early access game it is very good. needs a lot more more like putting in new areas and putting something like a basic story in to keep people entertained for longer but over all its a very good game
,Recommended,433340,32122175,Posted: 1 June,all,JoneyCade,"To be honest, FPS games aren't my forté, I am unbelieveably awful at them, so at first the fact that Slime Rancher itself was a FPS game, ALMOST steered me away from playing it. Boy I'm glad it didn't though because as I played through the game, I soon realized that Slime Ranchers didn't require the percision or have the pressure that other FPS games have, which was incredibly relieving; It was like playing Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley, which I consider to be relaxing games. Aside from that, the soundtrack is great and there are a lot of opportunities to explore in and outside the ranch, especially since this is an early access game and there will be more to explore as the game develops!"
,Recommended,433340,20884659,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TemplarTerentius,You basically feed slimes and collect poop for money11/10
,Recommended,433340,22667974,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dubstelleon | TA:PW,Feeling down? Then you need this game! I find this game boosts my spirts to the top when i play cause... its.. SO CUTE!Thats what i think anyway. you gotta get this game.
76561198295925452,Recommended,433340,22849189,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sakura1497,I love this game!!! It is really addicting and adorable!
,Recommended,433340,20839380,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,cooldude99,"""I will build a great wall — and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me —and I’ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our Far, Far Range, and I will make the slimes pay for that wall. Mark my words."" -Donald Trump"
76561198226817964,Recommended,433340,30483331,Posted: 12 March,all,Lupanine,"Alright. I. Love. This. Game. The cutest. Good lord.Love the addition of being able to remove food from auto-feeders. You have no idea how many times I've put the wrong thing in those.Something that would make the game more enjoyable for me would be a menu for the auto-feeders that sets how much food to dispense at once, and how often to do so. Like a timer. I feel that might help with the overfeeing problem. I realize this game is early-access, and honestly I love it. I love being able to watch a game grow and be able to experience all the improvements first hand. All in all, great work and keep it up! :3Also, SO CUTE. *screaming*"
,Recommended,433340,32902099,Posted: 27 June,all,Doctor Zaps,This game makes me feel happy on my insides.
,Recommended,433340,28747034,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lunal,"I absolutely love this game. I lost interest and returned after the full release and let me tell you, the improvements are vast. If you haven't given it a shot in a while, do.The new slimes added are very interesting, with really cool new behaviors. The sense of wonder in exploring some of the grand, vast new areas is so cool. The new areas offer a lot to do in terms of creating mini-goals for yourself. I have done everything currently in the game and gotten all of the achievements and I am still excited to see what new updates they have planned, I will for sure come back for them. This is an awesome game in the vein of Stardew Valley/Harvest Moon (with a bigger emphasis on exploration), if you love those games you'll love this one.Pre Full Release Review:For an early access game, this feels very polished. I only ran into one bug in my 11 hours of play so far and I haven't gotten everything done that I want to, either, as there are more achievements to get and even types of slimes I just haven't seen, much less gathered enough to farm. So, it feels like there is a lot of stuff to do, even if I do feel it could maybe benefit from a greater variety of stuff to do. I think the science pack addresses some of this, giving you something else to do with plorts and a really constructive way to continue the game, building things. I'm excited though to see what other types of activities will be added though and what new stuff to see, since this is very exploration driven."
,Recommended,433340,22596839,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mychelle,"The game has some serious adorable-ness factor going for it. That is probably why I have liked it so much. Though, only after playing a little over two hours of the game, Ive unlocked both farm sections, collected almost every slime, fed two of the super-large slimes. I actually think the game needs to be far more difficult so that players get a lot more in-game time to really reach some of these goals. While I havent done everything yet, for what I have done in two hours, I feel like maybe its just a little ""too"" easy. Other than that, the ""farming"" aspect is great. I would recommend the game to my friends simply for what fun you can get out of it, and the super adorable slimes you get to collect. I do hope they add in a lot more!"
76561198084075176,Recommended,433340,20736625,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Need Boost!,"Would i recomend it now? maybe. The game is in very early access, but it has a LOT of potential!the game lacks content, but what they got currently is really solid!some more content and polish, and i think this game will be a huge hit! if you dont but it now, put it on your wish list and keep an eye on it.This is one of the very few games that i think is enjoyable for minor, teens and even adults.. well executed.I just want to point out, the camera feels SO SMOOTH! unlike many FPS games! they really nailed it!"
76561197993638828,Recommended,433340,32877144,Posted: 27 June,all,Boombastic,"In Slime Rancher you take the role of a farmer, living on a planet populated by strange blobs of different forms and colours, unusual trees, fruits and vegetables and chicken. Yes. Chicken.Your job is to run a ranch. You have place to build corrals where you can keep your Slimes. Then you feed them and collect plorts, which you can sell for money. You can also build gardens for growing fruit and vegetables, coops for growing chicken, ponds for having a source of water and keeping Puddle Slimes and silos for storing plorts and resources.All these structures can be upgraded to fit your needs. If you want to keep flying or jumping slimes, for example, you will need the higher walls and net upgrade. Otherwise they will just run away.Gardens and scoops also offer upgrades to fasten the production of food.But you also can upgrade your character, give him more HP and energy, buying and enhancing a jetpack, lowering energy consumption and getting a bigger inventory.As you discover the island you will find more and more different slimes. As soon as you find another but the pink beginner slimes, you can create a largo slime, a hybrid of two slimes. To get one, you just need to feed a plort of one type to a slime of another. These slimes are bigger and give more plorts. But be careful. If they consume a third type of plorts they will transform into a tarr slime. Tarr slimes will eat all other slimes and resources around and if you don’t stop it quickly you will have big problems with your ranch.The game offers a quite big and beautiful world with different biomes. You will also find Gordo sometimes. These slimes just sit there in hidden places and wait until you feed them. Once you feed them 50 units of food they will explode and leave some items and a slime key or a teleport.You will need the keys for opening slime gates, to be able to go to other places of the map.There is even a big slime gate that needs you to bring plorts of many different kinds to open it. But what lays behind this gate will be a secret. If you want to know, go and play for yourself! Later, once you unlock the laboratory, you can create different mechanisms for plenty purposes. There are drills for getting resources, decorative bushes and trees, cloths for your slimes and much more.I’m pretty sure I forgot something, but there is quite much to say about this little pretty game. The only thing I can say is, that this game is definitely worth its money and if you had a hard day and just want to relax a little bit, then this game is perfect for you!The game is still in development but it's very nice already and the developers continue adding new content to it, great respect!Positive:+ Cute graphics and lovely game design+ Many different slimes+ Upgrades+ Many decorative items+ Beautiful biomesNegative:+ After you have unlocked all biomes there is no real sense continuing to play+ Only 4 inventory slots9/10 – best game about selling slime poo!"
,Recommended,433340,20902823,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,weeb trash (^・ω・^ ),I threw a baby chicken into an incinerator for an acheivement10/10 would murder baby animals again
,Recommended,433340,34050766,Posted: 5 August,all,Rapid,"Every time a different game pisses me off, I come back to Slime Rancher to relax and have fun. It's super satisfying building up your ranch and collecting different things. It's almost impossible to get frustrated with this game, except when your slimes break out of their corral and start eating eachother's food and fecal matter. This can turn them into weird mutant slime combos and sometimes into a floating black tar of death that destroys your entire ranch while you're away and you break your keyboard in half over your knee in a fit of rage. I have crippling depression."
,Recommended,433340,30954107,Posted: 4 April,all,Vincent van Helsing,"In our daily lives, we are rather vexed by everything around us, given that reality is always stressful, but every time I open up this game, I am met with a wonderfully calming and even therapeutic experience. I got this game thanks to my older sister's Steam Sharing, but then I was somehow separated from that. Later on, I had decided to buy it myself, and it is well worth the price.This game is about the happy ranching life of Beatrix LeBeau, who now lives on a faraway planet full of these adorable slimes with happy faces. They bounce around without a care in the world and your job is to take them in and feed them in order to produce plorts, which apparently, according to the SlimePedia, are wonderful for any purpose one could think of, usually depending on the type of slime there is. Then you sell these plorts on the market to make money, which you can use to expand your ranch or get upgrades for your equipment and such.Slimes come in a variety of types, with their own defining color and special little quirk that makes them special. And aside from the common pink slime, each slime has their own diet and favorite food in the fruits, veggies, and meats category, so on your ranch, you can also cultivate crops, fruit trees, and chickens in their own coops while your slimes stay in a corral.If a slime eats a plort of another type of slime, they become a largo combination of the two, eating foods from both slimes' diets and producing plorts from both types as well, but be careful not to let slimes eat other slime types' plorts too much, or else they will become a corrupt Tarr, which will attack you and eat other slimes to reproduce.As you explore the Far Far Range, you'll unlock new areas and find neat new things, like new slime types or some beautiful scenery. Monomi Park, the developer of the game, does a very good job of making all this scenery wonderful, even while it's in Early Access, and the huge world is simply something you will love to get lost in time and time again.I highly suggest this game for any occasion really, whether you need to relax a little after work, calm down after some stressful event, or simply to enjoy looking at the beautiful world of slimes while hanging out with these cheery little guys that always have a smiling face! It is always a good way to wind down, especially with the great soundtrack that plays throughout the world.If you're looking for a lovely, calming, and interesting adventure, this is definitely the game for you. <3"
,Recommended,433340,20904608,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"I've played this for almost 8 hours straight. It's a hell lot of fun! It's like Harvest Moon if it was 3D and in first person.Right now, you have access to two zones, with a lot of paths still under construction. Your farm can get upgraded two times and can have all sorts of facilities that you can build to help manage the slimes. You also can upgrade your character with more life, energy, bigger storage on your sucky gun, and even a ♥♥♥♥ing jetpack!This video sold it to me:https://youtu.be/_UcSgtC1OKI"
76561198074015244,Recommended,433340,31636924,Posted: 8 May,all,Yellowcab the Hunter,"""Slime Rancher"" (early access) Game Review:-----------------------------------------------REVIEW::----------Slime Rancher is an early access game (soon to be fully released on PC and Xbox One) about farming and raising these adorable aliens known as Slimes. Not only is cute and colorful, it's addicting. This game makes you take responcibillity about feeding them (Note: if you don't feed them things will go sideways), and deffending the Slimes and yourself (tho you don't actually die in this game) from these evil Slimes called Tarrs. They suck. Their diet is Slimes and their FAVORITE thing to nibble on are Ranchers, like YOU. Anyway, back to the Slimes; there are different types of Slimes (more to soon come) different sizes, different colors, and just different types all together (I don't wanna spoil what they are called, though you may already know what some are called). Oh, my God, are they cute. Aswell as an openworld with different places to explore and unlock. You can even enteract with they're toys! Like I said this is also a farming game, so you'll have to grow food (tho you can also find food growing or even get some chickens), you can raise chickens in a coop to feed to the Slimes you have in you're ranch. (Tip: don't EVER mix different types of Slimes together in the same Corral, or else... well... you might eventually find out what'll happen) You can even make you're own custom Slimes by mixing a ""Plort"" that you got from diffenent Slime from what you are giving the Plort to. That reminds me, Plorts. If you feed the Slimes something, like their diet or favorite, they give you these crystal looking things called Plorts. Plorts are what you collect to trade in for money to buy/unlock certain areas of the map, or you can use them to buy cool upgrades for you or you're Vac-Pack. You can even get a... well, I don't wanna give away anymore about this game, but trust me this game is DEFINITLY worth the time. A game that you will adore and keep coming back to, depending on if you ever put the game down. So far, for an early access game, this game is AWESOME!! :)+PROS::---------+Slimes Are ADORABLE!!!+Amazing Graphics and Scenery (once I screwed with the settings)+Fun, Addicting Gameplay+Insta-Cure for Depression+Great Soundtrack+Ranch Has Plenty of Space+Reletivaly Big Open World+Includes Xbox 360 Controller Support+Decent Amount of Types of Slimes to Discover+Good Amount of Content with Areas to Unlock+Slime Toys+Great Home Upgrades+Responcibilitys to Take+Tressure and Awesome Upgrades to Get+Cool Updates!+Smooth Controlles (the only thing I had to screw with was the sensitivity to make it higher)-CONS::---------(none, really. maybe a couple glitches encountered, but that's it)::VERDICT::-------------~10/10~ MASTERPIECE!Keep up the good work, Monomi Park!"
76561198313338772,Recommended,433340,34151549,Posted: 10 August,all,ThatCatGamer,Slimey
,Recommended,433340,21011745,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Henry,"While I only have just a few hours put into this game, I can easily say that this game is amazing."
,Recommended,433340,21013990,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,scaper12123,"Let me first say that, if you like resource-gathering games and cuteness in general, you should consider buying this game. It's very fun and very cute.That being said, at time of writing I have about 5 hours of total play time. I am at the end-game of Slime Rancher. In its current state, it's fairly easy to get to the end due to lack of content (if you know what you're doing, anyhow). Bare in mind that this is early access and this isn't a bad thing but, unless you REALLY want to play around with cat slimes who boop your nose, you should give it a few updates for the sake of enough content.Slime Rancher is really fun though. It's pretty interesting coming up with strategies for how you'll get the most valuable plorts and how you'll manage and upgrade your slime farm. There's a lot of stuff to consider. For example, what should you focus on for your slime stock: Getting lots of one kind of slime, or keeping multiple variants? What are the risks of both? You could flood the market with plorts and get much less profit with one way, but the other opens up the possibility of cross-breeding and infection (Largo slimes and Tarr slimes, as I refer to them). And the slimes... oh god, where do I start? They're all very playful and adorable. Everything about them just screams ""happy"" and that makes me happy too! Keeping them happy is pretty interesting, since every one had different preferences. It's a challenge, for certain. All part of the fun! \ovo/It's not without its flaws, of course. I wish there was a way to only suck up one type of object at a time, especially when Largo slimes are around. They should make it so that only an empty slot on your vaccuum gun sucks up everything around while a filled slot only sucks up that particular item. (as an upgrade, I would love this feature). Additionally, Tarr Slimes appear FAR too often in the wild. Whenever I go near a group of three different slime variants, I make bets on how long it will take for them to commit suicide. I understand that there should be an element of danger on the range, but not to the extent that it's this annoying. There should be some sort of system for wild slimes to avoid this eventuality (perhaps domestication or starvation would lead a slime to eat plorts of other species). If anything, Tarr slimes should be slightly less annoying to deal with. Some sort of means to make a bigger impact with a blast of water would be cool - maybe an upgrade to the vac that lets it change into a water-shooting minigun.This game is definately worth is, but it needs more development before it's truly worth buying imo. I can't wait to see what other unique twists they add to the far, far range."
76561198111561903,Recommended,433340,30705794,Posted: 24 March,all,Gwen Stacy,"This game offers quite a lot from all the different cute little type of slimes you can find to extorting their waste materials for cash, to watching in horror as you realise that some of them are in fact omnivore poor little Hen Hen he never stood a chance to realising that these slimes evolve by eating different type of their kind Feces…Atmosphere wise this game has it all the calm, relax and cheerful theme of the game and after a long day of school or work. It a relief to hear.It's something about the game music which hook someone to continue playing and the game it.However, the cons of the game are that grinding is needed as if you do not have the patience for it I don’t recommend this game to you. Second, the game may be repetitive after a long time.But regardless the nature of the game really make it to the point where you would almost feel like you are the one ranching slimes.You are!  A slime rancher."
,Recommended,433340,34541727,Posted: 27 August,all,Fayx,"Slime rancher is a game where you go into the game expecting a cute mediocre game to pass the time, and end up tranced by the interesting yet simplistic gameplay and the wonderfully intriguing world.The gameplay focus' around farming slimes (obviously). The way your profit from this is that every time you feed a slime food, they give a Plort, which can be sold for money. Each slime has different traits, and special needs you need to know to keep them, although the harder to keep ones have more expensive plorts. There are also different types of food, and most slimes have a favorite that they will give double the plorts if you feed them it.Then you have the exploring. What i expected to be mostly just a farming game with a small world to gather supplies in, ended up having a wonderfully large but not confusing world, that kept me wanting to know what was around the next corner in anticipation. Not only was the world fun to explore, but its BEAUTIFUL as well. every single area blew me away more than the last one in how it looks, the map design, and the mechanics in them.Of course, we can't forget about the slimes! Each slime has a unique look so you can tell them apart,  and some interesting mechanic to keep them from being boring, and these mechanics play into the ranching and the exploring.The music is wonderful, some tracks that stand out for me are the Ruins themes, and the Glass Desert Firestorm theme.Heres a part that suprised me, the story. I was not even expecting this game to have ANY story at all going in, and i was mistaken. Although it doesn't force you to follow it, the story comes in the way of these notes that Hobson Twillgers left for you before selling the farm to you, and from the Starmail you recieve from people (mostly Casey). the notes generally tell hobsons story, while the emails tell the story of your past live before you were sent to your ranch on the Far Far Range. Casey and Hobbson are both great characters, and really feel like people despite you never actually seeing them (as far as i know).EDIT:Turns out in the credits scene you do see a back view of Casey, although its not super revealing of how they lookI probably could go on longer about this, but i'm going to stop myself here with thisBUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,433340,33961506,Posted: 1 August,all,aRelaxingCreek,This game is amazing. Its basically an anti-tilt or anti-depressent game. Its so lovely and cute and its simple and fun
,Recommended,433340,33971371,Posted: 2 August,all,pavig,"Satisfies the brain on lots of levels, some thinky and some basic childlike play. Growing stuff like stardew valley. Twisty map exploration and grindy unlocks like dark souls. Low danger map exploration like minecraft. Strategic management/optimization/economy, one of those games that punishes you with diminishing returns if you fall into a minmax habit and don't change things up to adapt to price changes. A bit of fun with genetic engineering. Enjoyable running, jumping, jetpacking. Super kawaii creatures. The infantile joy of having a gun that shoots fruit, chickens and poop.Walking simulator style story unlocks. Sandbox style self-goal creation.The pacing is not for everybody, and if you don't click with it then it may feel like a grind fest, but if you do there's a lot to explore and play with. All the pieces of this game mesh together so nicely that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Will appeal to shooter fans who want something relaxed and non-aggressive, or clicker fans who want something more active and exploratory.  It's not stardew valley, dark souls or minecraft, but somehow manages to evoke elements of all three."
,Recommended,433340,20925325,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MaysonD,"Slime Rancher is probably one of the most fulfilling early access titles on Steam. In my outdated review I said that the game is very fun but it lacks content. That is no longer true, the devs have updated the game with many substantial updates, the most recent “glass desert” update giving players so much more that I haven’t even explored yet. You play as a rancher who bought a brand new plot of land on the Far Far Range. There isn’t a main goal to the game, but there are many goals you can set yourself. Think of the goal oriented gameplay of Minecraft but played around the central theme of ranching slimes. Gameplay revolves around exploring the Far Far Range and its many regions to find slimes specific to certain regions. Once you suck up a slime in your VacPack, you take it back to your ranch and shoot it into a corral. Once in there, you feed it some food. Each slime prefers either fruit, veggies, or meats, and most slimes prefer a specific food in those categories. When they eat food, they drop a Plort, which you then sell for money. When you get enough money, you can buy more corrals or upgrade your current one, or you can buy a garden for food, or buy upgrades for your VacPack, or unlock new areas for your ranch. Itss this tycoon style gameplay is slightly repetitive, but the layout of your ranch and the Far Far Range makes exploration a joyous retreat from your daily tasks of tending to your slimes. As casual as the game may look, the Far Far Range is sometimes dangerous. There’s the hazard of the slime sea, dangerous abominations called the Tarr, that feed on ranchers and slimes alike, even some slimes are hazardous like the rad slime, who floods their surroundings with radiation. Upgrading everything on your ranch is very rewarding and makes slime ranching easier and more fun. You can upgrade your pack to hold a larger stack of Plorts/Slimes/Food and even a separate tank for collecting water. You can automate your slime corrals to collect Plorts and shoot food into their mouths. Gardens and chicken coops can be upgraded to produce more food faster. You can even unlock more areas with different purposes in your ranch. There’s the Grotto, that lets you care for slimes that are sensitive to light. You can also get the science station that lets you become a slime scientist!The above praise for the gameplay is made even better with the game’s surprisingly rich lore. You are given a “slimepedia” that basically makes the online wikis useless. Take the Witcher 3’s bestiary but give it information about the world and resources and you have the Slimepedia. This not only stores all the knowledge you find in the game in one place but it also gives the game a platform to tell you the lore of the game. Places will have data on what slimes and resources you can find there as well as why they are there. It tells you that the Slime Sea will kill you but it also goes the extra mile to explain the nature of it. It tells you that it’s thick and sucks things deep into the sea, and that slimes thrown into it will be safely deposited elsewhere. It’ll tell you that Boom Slimes will produce Plorts that are used for rocket fuel and cooking. The worldbuilding gives the world a soul beyond just telling you what slime likes what food the most and makes the game more immersive and fun to play. It makes you feel like a true slime rancher genius."
76561198244002088,Recommended,433340,22769371,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,nico.abbott,"This game is fun and calming. I love it! I hope the next update comes out soon, this has so much potential"
76561198047594042,Recommended,433340,23485041,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,lolman445,"In truth.. I'd actually recommend this game to ANYONEIt's fun... It's like raising a tamagochi...It's got a lot of potential, I actually got a little addicted...( I finally got the game working, i don't know how)"
,Recommended,433340,34538505,Posted: 27 August,all,Tiny Duckling,good.
,Recommended,433340,35008780,Posted: 16 September,all,satin lives,ive never been this happy
,Recommended,433340,25612812,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Huxley,"I really cannot put my finger on why I like this game so much, I usually play things like overwatch, ark and the division. Something very satisfying about collecting slimes and upgrading your farm."
,Recommended,433340,32966550,Posted: 28 June,all,🌸˚⋆ ~ Sakura ~ ⋆˚🌸,"It's so adorable and addicting !!It's a lovely game and there is so much to do and unlock ~I wish it was a Co-Op game tho, it would be nice to play with others.( The dark / exploding slimes scare me :') )I highly recommend it ♡"
,Recommended,433340,34076356,Posted: 7 August,all,Rogahar,"Slime Rancher is the story of a girl who friendzoned someone so hard that she moved 1000 lightyears away to farm slime poop.10/10 brb gotta go hoover up every fruit, vegetable and chicken in the continent to feed my slimes."
76561198306768887,Recommended,433340,31798930,Posted: 16 May,all,SeanyBoyyyy,"First of all, I know what most of you people are thinking as you scroll down the reviews: this game looks ***, why the **** would I play a game where you ******* suck up slimes with a vacgun thingy? My answer: THIS GAME IS AMAZING. I know that most people are hesitant to buy early access games, as most of them have lazy*** developers who ignore their games and its super buggy, glitchy, and poorly optimized. Especially since 20$ seems like a steep price tag. This game is different. The devs have been constantly adding new updates and stuff for the game for a while now, and I got to say, yes, currently at this stage of the game you can ""beat it"" (I mean unlock everything and be drowning in cash) in about 10 hours. Ok, please don't be those people. Don't watch lets play videos on Youtube. This will severely ruin your experience. You want to take your time and explore. Don't forget-the devs are adding new stuff soon. Don't bore yourself of the game before its full release.Here's the basic idea of the game(no spoilers): You are on a ranch and you have to raise slimes. There are various types, which you can find around the map with various rarities(careful, some can damage you). These slimes need food, so you need to gather food around the map. When you feed them, each slime produces a plort, which can be used to sell at the market for money. There are 3 basic types of food:Veggies, Fruit, and Meat. The most common slimes, pink slimes, eat anything you throw at them. All the other slimes have only one basic food that they like. Each slime has their own specific favorite food(You can look it up in the Slimepedia after you have sucked them up at least once), and when you feed it to them, they produce double the plorts. That means more money, but all of the slimes' favorite foods(eg stony hens, heart beets, cuberries)  are harder to obtain than regular food(pogoberries, carrots, chickens). Obviously. Using the money you make from selling plorts, you can upgrade your vacpack to hold more stuff, get more energy, health, and buy a jetpack(and etc). You can also spend the money on gardens, coops, silos, incinerators, etc. Gardens are helpful when you dont want to scavenge around for food. Insert a fruit or veggie and the plot fo land will start growing it. Sorry, I have given you too much information already. You need to learn the rest by yourself.Ok. Enough said. Lets get into the pros and cons:Pros:-easy-to-learn and intuitive controls-Colorful environment-adorable visuals (tabby slimes)-Amazing soundtrack(I would rate it above planet coaster but right below Startdew Valley[of course that is subjective])-Sound effects make sucking up slimes and selling plorts oddly satisfying(you'll know what I mean when you play it)-variety of slimes-Large open mapBest one of all-Spectacularly Well-Optimized!!!!(My acer aspire s7 is 5 years old and has intel 4000 graphics but can run this game on low at 45-50 frames)(visuals are still very good on low)-This game is still in early access as of May 16, 2017 (Plenty of opportunities for more content before release)Cons-Large area is a pain to return to the ranch(I know there are teleporters but not enough)-We want MORE SLIMESOverall, this game is amazing. Give it a chance and be patient. More content is coming. These devs aren't the lazy*** people ""working"" on H1Z1. Try out this game and get to ranching(Wow I just made this entire review turn into an ad from this sentence). Please rate this review and bring it to the top because I put a lot of effort into it and I want people to see it.:)"
76561198268866941,Recommended,433340,25436643,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bread Wizard,I love this game. First game I bought on Steam. It's gotten a lot more detailed and the map has gotten better. I recommend this game to people with a little patence and like laid back games.
,Recommended,433340,25563837,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Aliza the Pirate,"This game definitely had a lot more features in it than I expected and is extremely addicting to play. There is just something so oddly fulfilling and theraputic about taking care of these adorable, bouncy slimes and cashing in on their plorts in exchange for useful upgrades. The art style is very cute and pretty, lifting your mood right when you start it up, and the scenery at times can be breathtaking. Overall I find the game to be unique and entertaining, although a bit repetitive, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Seeing as the game is still early access, I'm definitely looking forward to future updates to see what else the developers have in store!"
,Recommended,433340,21019059,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,I Just Nutted on Bolt.GG,This game is awsome. Can't wate for the full game. It would be great if there was multiplayer even if it was just 4 playerco-op. I would thoruly rekomend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,433340,34074112,Posted: 6 August,all,The Ridiculous Rav,"Game has around 16 hours worth of content.If you're aiming for 100% completion without using a walkthrough or guide, maybe 18 hours.Game is lots of fun, made me a bit upset when I realized that I had reached the end of the story arc and have found all the upgrades that are in the game.Has minor bugs, the biggest of which I'd consider is falling through the floor and dying; your character has a jetpack, so that doesn't happen often."
76561198074209645,Recommended,433340,31213559,Posted: 18 April,all,Sensual Dwarf,"A pretty effective antidepressant.The gameplay is admittedly not very involved. But, I love the concept.Think of it as kind of a first person management game, (build pens, catch slimes, feed slimes, sell poop for profit, feed poop to slimes somehow creating deformed yet cute mutants). I genuinly believe this game could be the frame work for somthing great. art styles beautiful and full of character, core gameplay is solid and strangely satisfying. the only real flaws I can bring up are the lack of a driving factor leading to stagnation around the time you unlock slime science and the rewards from the orders are basically worthless. overall a 7/10can't wait to play the finished version and strongly advise the Devs to start selling a pink slime plush."
76561198082660831,Recommended,433340,28563508,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pochinki is my City,"This game is so adorable and worth the money, i'v only played 6 hours but i could totally play a lot longer. The farming is pretty fun and it's really easy to learn. this game is 10/10"
76561197982133007,Not Recommended,433340,28776385,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr.Saturn,"The game is fun, well-designed, and has a lot of potential... but given other similar farming titles that just have so much more 'meat' to them, I can't recommend this (yet).  After purchase, I looked online for guides to try to figure out what I was missing after the in-game tutorial (I felt like there just needed to me MORE to the game than I was seeing) - all of the guides I found basically left me wondering ""ok, then what...?"".I applaud the developer for taking a likely more challenging route by using a 3D engine rather than a tile/sprite based approach... but for a farming sim to grab me, it needs to have the Animal Crossing/Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley effect of always giving you something you could be doing and tiny bit less time than you actually need to do it ALL.I am 100% sure that this will become something awesome but it just has a long way to go."
,Recommended,433340,23479438,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,J1r2000,slime+cat=tabyslimeslime+fireflys=phosphorusslimephosphorusslime+tabyslime=glowing cat slimes
,Recommended,433340,20902261,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Some Novakid,"Spent 30 hours on this game, mastered everything. Very fun, unless you hate dealing with crowd control (that being a lot of slimes).Would recommend if you like tycoons (this is a tycoon, you make money ffs), slimes, and well, cuteness.Also, tarrs. Hate them. I hope this game gets nominated for a Steam reward."
76561198055677938,Recommended,433340,20761431,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FizzyBits,"This game Is fun for all ages!I played this for a good hour, and I gotta say I felt calm while playing this, It reminded me alot on viva pinata too if you were a fan of such a game from back then this is your game!Also for an early access it has ALOT of potential and already alot of things added into it, I'm very curious to what they have planned to add in the future. Other then that, this game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,433340,25261313,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,roll4charm,"Note: This review is for version 0.3.5cThe team at Monomi Park have a real gem here. Combining exploration with asset management in a friendly slime world is the core of the gameplay, but the thrill is in the discovery of the various slimes, combining them, and learning how to best raise/profit from them.Pros:+ Fun atmosphere to get lost in+ Soundtrack and SFX are enjoyable (the slimes make me giggle a lot)+ Inviting sense of wonder+ Simple item/asset management+ Decent replay valueCons:- Short (most content can be discovered within the first 9 hours of play)- Smallish world (at this point in the development)Other Notes/Suggestions:* The lack of multiplayer isn't a huge deal given the size of the world. It would be a nice addition, but isn't really necessary for the game to be enjoyable.* The current upgrade system for the plots of land seem open, but feel a bit stale once you have all of the upgrades so a tier system with different or permanent variations would add some extra spice to the game.* A nifty addition would be the ability to actually raise the slimes which could yield different plorts (in-game items used to make cash) and would add a lot of depth to game.8/10 - Will definitely play again!"
76561198005378139,Recommended,433340,34101339,Posted: 8 August,all,Oscar Le Derp,Backed this game in EA and I don't regret it. It was worth it then and especially worth it now.So much love was put in to this game.And that ending SO MANY FEELS!!As for the dev team much love for you guys/gals you did a excellent job.
,Recommended,433340,33272076,Posted: 5 July,all,Zeiphex,"I bought this on the Steam Summer Sale when it came up in my Discovery Queue. It looked super cute and lighthearted, and I was not disappointed - and proceeded to spend the rest of the day playing this little delight (which weighs in at under 700MB!). This game is an excellent example of developers making their game engine work within its limitations - charming, yet simple graphics combine to make bright and breezy visuals, and the variety of landscapes and slimes are wonderful. For an early access game, it feels incredibly complete and after 7 hours, I have yet to run into any bugs. Gameplay is simple and user friendly, leaving the player to focus on interacting with the world and exploring. The only downside I have noticed is that the number of plots per area seems a little limited. Definitely recommend this one."
76561198117156687,Recommended,433340,34071796,Posted: 6 August,all,:D,"Do I recommend this game?Hell yes.A the time that I'm writing this review, I have 13 hours in the game and I've only had it for 2 days. The areas in the game are absolutely beautiful, the slimes are adorable, there's actually a little story being told through your starmail and by messages left by the previous owner of your ranch,and the music is great, too.This game is one of the best I've ever played, and it actually beat out the last of us for the spot of my second favourite game, and would be my favourite if I had never found Ori and the blind forest.There is both tons of things to do, and absolutely nothing to do at the same time. It's one of the few games that you can be completely aimless, and yet still be productive.EDIT: 3rd favourite game, Sundered took 2nd place."
,Recommended,433340,23110196,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,megancarlene,"Very cute, relaxing to play, gets better and better with each update. The artwork is beautiful, everything in the game is beautiful."
,Recommended,433340,20866242,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AceOfCades,"I watched a few videos of people playing ""Slime Rancher"" and it seemed quite relaxing and cute so I decided to buy it. It was a great decision, this game is extremely fun and it's great if you are just bored and need something to do, I find it funny if you force a whole load of boom slimes into one corral and they all explode at the same time! The graphics are stunning and the music fits great. 10/10"
76561198048560170,Recommended,433340,23846274,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hellofahedgehog,"I bought this game half anxious as to if it was my type of game since it looked like you would run out of things to do quickly. It's in the sale and I had spare wallet funds to I took the plunge and booted it up just to ""give it a quick go"" fully expecting myself to request a refund.Ended up spending nearly 6 hours playing it just on my first sitting.The world is vast, it's interesting and visually appealing, the Slimes are the right balance of cute as hell and threatening as heck if you're not careful and slowly building your ranch up from nothing is so satisfying!As of sitting #1 I currently have a couple of pens of Rad boom slimes and what are essentially Cats with rocks on their heads. I plan to do a pokemon and catch them all!Considering this game is early access, I'm hard pressed to say it's anything but stunning! cannot wait for future updates!Sale price is a steal! buy it!"
76561198260513323,Recommended,433340,34019108,Posted: 4 August,all,SenSen #Hype,"So what is Slime Rancher? You are Beatrix Lebeaux a girl who recently bought the ranch on the far far range to start a new life for herself. Your ultimate goal in the game is to sell plorts. Which is like slime poop. You build up your ranch with corrals, gardens, silos, etc, Buy upgrades and find more and and better ways to collect and harvest plorts.Would I Recommend this game to anyone?Yes I would recommend this game to everyone. The game has amazing style of art, Has super cute slimes, And a great deal of exploration, The game also has a fair decent amount of Achievements for those who like achievement hunting! They also add new content fairly regularly.I hope this review helped you for deciding to buy this game or not. P.s Really suggest you buy it! You won't regret it! ;)"
,Recommended,433340,31838059,Posted: 19 May,all,LeMonitor,This. is. so. AMAZING! slime rancher is one of my most favorite games I've ever bought. I really enjoy discovering new things and exploring new areas. I cannot wait for this game to come out entirely. And I really reccomend this game to those who like managing the everyday routines.
,Recommended,433340,20549745,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Reisenboo,"I had tons of fun with this game and as development progresses, I hope the entertainment value only increases! This game certainly has my attention and support!But more importantly, ALL THE SLIMES ARE SO ADORABLE AND THERE'S EVEN A CAT SLIME! I GOT BOOPED BY THE CAT SLIME! All the game needs now is a dog slime."
76561198084053515,Recommended,433340,22601939,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ItYoBoyNickyCuzReasons,"yes, i do recomend this game becasue i love the style of the gamethis game also runs very smooththe new update adds rad slimes and lucky slimes and a new area, this makes the game super addictingbe careful out on your adventure, there are deadly rock slimes, rad slimes, boom slimes, and the worst part, tar slimes!these tar slimes destroy a huge amount of slimes, luckly they go away soon and all the slimes returnmy favorite slimes in the game are the rad slimes, and boom slimes, these slimes look so cooli recomend you buying this game, give it a try"
76561198240958908,Recommended,433340,34185413,Posted: 12 August,all,P1XlB1tG4Mr,this game is amazing and i cant wait to see what else they do in far future
,Recommended,433340,24394521,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SpaceEcho,"This game is one of my favorites, but the only thing thats wrong with it is the cost. Other than that the game is INCREDIBLE. I just have to give some tips for new peeps... vv-DO NOT EVER put two mixed slimes in the same corral. This causes Tarrs to spawn and eat all of the precious slimes TAT-Collect water. Water is a great way to defeat Tarrs (other than trowing them into the ocean)-Before mixing slimes, consider buying high walls and a sky nets just incase they bounce the hell out of the corral.-Save food for the Gordos, they give you nice loot after exploding (sometimes but rarely a golden slime).-If you're too lazy to feed your slimes every single 5 seconds ,get the auto feeder, and to collect plort without getting hurt or recapturing your slimes the plort collecter-The stock market changes every now and then, so make sure to keep all the slimes just in case.That's all I really have... For more tips I recommend watching a lets play or searching up a walk through.Oh! And he game is amazing in everyway, keep up the great work! <3"
76561198043273181,Not Recommended,433340,21042899,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Red Winged Angel,"The core of the game is solid but with a few cracks. Here are a few things that I think should be included in and my reasons as to why. I will be making some comparisons to Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing because I think they can help get my point across.As of this moment there is no endgame, no larger goal to complete. I explored all that there was to explore at the moment. I currently have Honey Slimes because they can give me the most money the quickest. Upon buying all the upgrades they have so far, upgrading all the farm lands, slime coops, etc. As of this moment, there is nothing else to buy.I'll compare this to Animal Crossing and the debt on your house that you can pay. In the beginning of Animal Crossing there is already a motivation to earn money. Using that money to pay your debt is up to you, but if you do, you can upgrade your house, put more stuff in it, etc. In Slime Rancher it seems to me that I can use the money that I earn, to earn more money faster. That's great, if there is a bigger goal, but so far not really anything to spend the thousands of coins that I have.I believe this can be improved by have a debt like Animal Crossing, and everytime you pay the debt a new Ranch opens up somewhere else on the planet or open the new farmland that is attached to your Ranch.I fail to see the use of combined slimes late game. In the beginning I combined a Tabby Slime and a Pink Slime, this had an advantage in the beginning because Tabby Slimes only ate meat. But now they will eat anything, so that's a good way to get money in the beginning quickly. But once you have a steady supply of ""Insert Slime"" favorite food. It will produce double the amount of items to sell. It is then more cost effective to just toss the Hybrid Tabby and Pink Slime aside for just Tabby Slimes.I think that the best way to improve this is to have the Hybrid Slime make a Hybrid Item, because as of right now, the Hybrid Slimes produce one of each. As in a Tabby Pink Hybrid will produce one Tabby Item and one Pink Item. I also think that these Hybrid Items should be used for something else other than just being sold. For instance, there is a Request device where someone will make a request for slimes, slime items, or food and upon completing this request they will send you items in return. However, the payment tended to be foodThis part is going to cover automation of the Ranch and Side Activities. Like I said earlier you can upgrade Slime Coops and Farming Lands to the point where the Coops would automatically feed the slimes and automatically gather the slime items for you. This will free up some time for you to do other things. Sadly, there isn't anyting else to do in the game besides explore, kind of gets boring once you exlpored everywhere, and go after achievements. For Example, in a majority of Harvest Moons your farm is what makes you the money, but there are contest, dog/horse races, holidays events, people to talk to.Unfortunately, I don't have much to add on this point. There is a giant ocean everywhere, maybe put in some fishing in there. To push the fishing further have it so you have to spend money on bait so I can relieve myself of all this currency. There are some NPCs that mail you in the game, but they are basicaly just tutorials. It would be nice if you could have a convorsation with them, even if it was every two days you get a message you can reply with a set of three replies and two days later they reply to you. To make this more complex we can link these people with that Request device. After a while of doing requests or forming a relationship with the NPCs you can specifically request items that you want/need and trade the items that they want for the items that you want.Inventory Management. This one isn't really a big deal but I still had a problem with it. The way inventory management works in this game is you have four invintory slots, each slot can hold one type of item and can hold up to a max of twenty of that item. I didn't have a problem with that, but what I did have a problem with was when you are going to sell the slime items for money. You have to shoot each slime item out of your inventory one-by-one at the designated area to sell it. It takes about one second to shoot ten of the twenty. So, if you have all four inventory slots full, takes two seconds per slot, that will equal about eight seconds to empty your inventory. Not bad, not much to complain about there. But when you can upgrade the max quantity to forty, thats about four seconds per slot. That comes to sixteen seconds total per trip. That can waste a good amount of time.I think the best way to solve this is to have an upgrade that I buy for the Market and have it so all Items in my inventory are automatically sold. Or a menu to pop up instead with the amount of items I want to sell. This not only goes for the market but also for the storage Silos. Depositing and Withdrawing both suffer from this problem. You have to take them out and put them in one-by-one.The Little things. The Pulse Wave, and upgrade that can emit a pulse that pushes slimes away. While it's true that they do go away, but two feet away is still IN my way. A little more force would be nice. The isn't really anything to do at night time, there is a slime that you can get but because I already had others that provided more money I didn't bother. When using the vaccum gun to suck up items the items would sometimes fly in a spiral pattern around the barrel or get stuck on the edge of the barrel.Wow, would you look at that wall of text. It kind of sounds like I'm bashing the game. No, I'm saying all this because I want this to succeed, for these things to be thought about. Let's move on to the stuff I liked.It looks cute and good, very colorful. It was awesome getting the jetpack and flying around a little and when you were flying around you found a hidden area with some food that you had never seen before, and then you found even more hidden areas above you and on the other side of the canyon walls. The game itself ran very well, I didn't experiance any lag or crashes of anykind. The types of slimes are creative and fun. The music really caught me attention, It reminded me of one of my favorite games Dark Cloud 2 and you are in the town of Palm Brinks."
,Recommended,433340,25567003,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,KirsAs,Slime Rancher is ranching and exploring game with slimes. This is good adventure and career game and gets alot of good updates. You dont need good computer to play this perfectly and it has 0 bugs. Its yet only early acces game and its well worth of money. If there wouldn't be text that says early acces i would think this would be a whole game. I give Slime Rancher 3 cute tappy slimes out of 1 Gold slime:)
,Recommended,433340,34090630,Posted: 7 August,all,Zayn,"Addicting, Relaxing, Fun, Full of Charm, Cute af. 10/10 cured my depression."
,Recommended,433340,34849059,Posted: 9 September,all,hENNIFER,"OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOD I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE ITI LOVE ITI LOVE IT I LOVE ITKIDS LOVE ITADULTS LOVE ITSLIMES LOVE ITTARRS DO NOT LOVE ITThis game has everything you can ask from the ranching genre.  Briar Hens, Chickadoos, Plorts, Scientific laboratories, jetpacks, upgrades, gardens, corrals, chromatic variation, vaccuum guns, intergalactic mail, a trading post, an interstellar free market economy and currency exchange post.  Inventions, teleportation, a fear of deep water, day/night cycles, an incinerator.  This list is less than 33% of the awesome things that make up Slime Rancher. Plus the sexy devs are still making it better each patch, no DLC traps (Yet!)TOP 5 GAME OF MY LIFE AND I AM OLD AND PLAYED BEFORE MONITORS HAD MULTIPLE COLOURS"
76561198058489188,Recommended,433340,29405679,Posted: 21 January,all,[NL]dennisbos,Amazing game to play when you just want to sit back and chill for a bit. However the game can get quite chaotic the more slimes you get and when a tartar outbreak happens on the ranch wel....A great game with active devs and regular content impacting updates!
76561198105219515,Recommended,433340,23778073,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gnome Chompski,buys game that had 2-3 hours of content now has 13 hours and also SO FRIGGIN CUTE GOSH LOVE IT
,Recommended,433340,21020001,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Joshimations,"This game is way to cute, it's a crime. I seriously can't wait for more updates! I want to explore!"
76561198131144839,Recommended,433340,20796205,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Scarlet,"A brilliant idea for a game with immersive gameplay, cute creatures to tame and money to be made. The colours are beautiful, the landscapes are impressive and the different creatures to be caught all combine to make a game that seems suitable for all ages and personality types.Can't wait to see more from the developers and look forward to the full release!"
76561198043900953,Recommended,433340,33166588,Posted: 2 July,all,Athania,"I can't believe I have never written a review for this game... This game is the most relaxing game I have ever play. I mean, who can be angry with the cutest slime in this world? Especially with the Tabby slime :3 Even if this game is in Early Access, this game have really more content than some other games in the Early Access and the dev have say that there will still have more content after the game will quit the Early Access the 1st August.Pro:- Cutest slime ever- Boop- A really relaxing game- Unique and beautiful graphic- Even the baddies are cute- Beautiful and relaxing musicCon:- Nothing10 / 10 I totally want to be booped by the tabby again and again :3*EDIT* The soundtrack is now on steam, thanks dev! :3"
,Recommended,433340,20780572,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,appleschloss,"So I really love what this game has going for it so far. The graphics are smooth and well made. The game shows promise of more with various ""construction"" signs placed in the explorable zones. You have a variety of slimes to start off with and a good intro into the game itself, while still having you actually work for it. Now, here's where you can really tell it's early access. I had caught up to the development after playing for a couple of hours (albeit consecutive hours, but still) Once I had my farm going, even after I collected Slime Keys and unlocked other places, I started to find less things to do. I can still mindlessly play this game for a couple of hours but the thing I'm doing the whole time is collecting food to feed my slimes to get plorts - for what? I've already bought all of the upgrades I can. I have every spot occupied. I have nothing left to do.I'd love to be able to have more time to explore without feeling like I need to go back and farm in order to keep all of my slimes productive. I already have over 20,000 cash and I don't know what to do with it.I made a post in the forms about thoughts for future updates - it's rather long so here's the link if you're curious.http://steamcommunity.com/app/433340/discussions/0/451852118777491443/"
76561198120432855,Recommended,433340,30451435,Posted: 11 March,all,showen,"put 6 hours into this game already and i bought it yesterday. This is a very fun and adorible game so far, It is a very good time waster game that can literally have you forgetting that it's 3 in the morning  and you have to be up for work in a couple of hours. I would highly recommend that you at leasy try this game. With simple controls and some amazing exploration (even while still in early access) this makes for a really fun stress relief game."
76561198298799741,Recommended,433340,22543176,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,warriorcats99,"AMAZING!CUTE!AWESOME!I TOTALLY  RECEMEND THIS GAME!So I watched jacksepticeye play it and then i was like OMG I NEED THIS GAME!!!Theres lots to explore, find out for your self.Also I challenge you to find the lucky slime."
76561198247307592,Recommended,433340,31597199,Posted: 6 May,all,Sackboy,"The Best First Two Acts You're Going to Play in a WhileThis review assumes you have a basic knowledge of gameplay, probably what you can ween from the trailers is enough.Slime Rancher by Monomi Park is a cute, lovable, experience that will leave you smiling. If you're into long-form games which place you in a managerial position (Harvest Moon and, more recently, Stardew Valley, come to mind.), I would say that this game is likely up your alley. Without further ado, let me jump into the positives.There's Slimes in Them 'Thar Hills!Simply put, this game is fun. It's cute and bubbly and relaxing in all the right ways. The eponymous slimes are interesting, and every species you'll meet in the Far, Far Range feels unique. It helps that these things, which are mere fodder for your ranch, have as much personality as you can squeeze out of this kind of thing. This being said, as the title mentions, you'll be enjoying what constitutes as the game's first two acts much more than it's current third. As such, I'll be mostly splitting the review between the three acts.Act One: The Party's Just BegunWhen you start this game, you have nothing. You are Beatrix LeBeau, a new rancher who come from Earth to start her ranching lifestlye on the Far, Far, Range. You will get letters from Casey, Bea's terrestrial lover, and the world is scattered with notes from Hobson, the man who inhabited your ranch before you and has left them for you to find. The only option available to you is to go immediately outside your front door and greet the game's first slimes. You're properly equipped, so you can vac them up like it's nothing. The game is slow to start and tutorial-laden right now, but you'll enjoy seeing your ranch start to grow (i.e. be more than nothing). Pretty soon, you'll venture outwards, and see what makes the game so magical.The world (Not necessarily the design, however!) in this game is great. The Far, Far Range is vibrant, and much care has been put in to how every corner looks to ensure that you love exploring the world. The world-building is also phenomanal. The Slimepedia gives a lot of insight into the lifestyle and terrain of the Range if you take the time to read it, and the other racnhers you'll meet on the Range Exchange (a trading service) are all unique. Seeing what new goodies wait around the corner at this stage is some of the best fun the game has to offer. You'll sart with only the Dry Reef, but wil soon expand, likely to the Moss Blanket. Here there are even more slimes and nooks and crannies and secrets hidden and found all around. The incentive to explore, to see what more there is to this world, is very gripping. It's fun to always look around to see what small passage the developers placed, even when you thought there wasn't one there! Evidently, Monomi Park is made of people who enjoyed exploring every cranny, like the kind molded from fire because they played the original DKC games! Slight spoilers in this regard:The secret island in the Slime Sea, by jumping rock to rock, made my jaw drop when I saw that they actually had something there!Back on the ranch, you'll just be getting started. Corrals and gardens, full of low-level slimes and food will be adorning your garden, while you strive to purchase ranch expansions with sums of Newbucks that will become pretty trifling late-game. The exploration is king right now, and ranch gameplay is pretty boring andveryslow to start, so let's move on to when it heats up!Act Two: Electric BoogalooBy now, you'll have settled in. At least three areas will be unlocked, and you'll have at least two ranch expansions. In my opinion, this is the best part of the game. While there's still a lot of walking around the world, this time it's for business! You'll be scouting slimes you want on your ranch, and feeding Gordos to see what goodies they leave behind. You (probably) know your way around now, so while the first act was about looking at all the shiny colours, the second's about appreciating and getting the most out of your world. While the objective's different, the incentive to explore so you can further your ranch is still as strong as ever. I enjoy taking a more critical aproach to the world, so I can find all the secrets and get my hands on an acceptable number of even the most infrequent-to-spawn slimes!Back on the ranch, things are active. You'll be taking a much larger role in here, as you tend for your growing army of slimes, and searching to constantly upgrade your plots and yourself. The feeding of slimes and growing of plants isn't overwheling here, so you can appreciate just ranching, as the title says! The sense of progression, while generally not immense in th game, is strongest here. Since you're always upgrading, you can feel the effects; a longer sprint, (slightly) more vac-pack space, being able to mostly tank damage, bigger jetpack boosts, etc. Not much to say here, as the gameplay kind of stagnates a bit.While these first two acts were great, it's time to face the game's worst content: the late game.Act Three: Recursive GameplayThe three biggest flaws in this game are: a disincentive to explore, how Slime Science is handled, and the 7Zee Corp. in general. Before I get into these, I will address a smaller issue: level design. The Dry Reef and Indigo Quarry are both very linear. The Ancient Ruins are just non-linear enough to get really confusing, especially with the multiple layers. The Moss Blanket, to me, was pretty infuriating, as I had a LOT of trouble figuring where exactly I was, as it is very open-ended.Beatrix the Shut-inLate game, you'll probably be acquiring every kind of plort, and be making a good chunk of change every plort harvest. There is little incentive to explore, other than treasures, but these are not phenomonal either. You will spend most all day tending to your slimes. Feed them, collect and sell plorts, harvest food, feed, uh oh! A garden just timed out. Replant, feed, collect and sell plorts...Existing to Fulfill ItselfSlime Science is a very interesting concept done without amazing execution. You see, it's divided into 5 segments: Extractors, Utilities, Warp Tech, Decorations, and Curios. The last two are entirely cosmetic, and do nothing. Extractors have the express purpose of getting special resources for Slime Science, so have no outside application. Warp Tech is just that, which may sound useful, but there are certain areas which don't have teleporters built-in to them, so that's the only smart place to put them, meaning they have little use too. Utilitesareuseful, but there are only 5 of them. All in all, about 8-9% of Slime Science actually has uses beyond themselves or merely continuing Slime Science.Artificial Playtime ExtenderIf I had to remove one thing, it would be 7Zee Corp. It charges ridiculous sums of Newbucks for rewards, the majority of which are superficial. The game knows this, and makes a joke about it. This does not change the fact that it is what it is. There are 30 ranks obtainable. At rank 14, You have to pay 15,000 Newbucks to go up a rank. This is not just a high amount for early/mid-game, this is just aninsaneamount of money to spend, period. This feature exists solely to add content to a game whose best moments are in exploring large areas. They can't spew those out constantly, so this was made, and it only perpetuates my first major criticism. I would prefer if there was nothing at all than this, as then I wouldn't feel bound by ridiculous goals that artificially extend playtime.ConclusionThe first two acts of this game are brilliant. They're fun, charming, and simple. I enjoyed my time in these parts immensely. The third act is boring and monotonous, so I would suggest you get there, stop, and wait for more.9/10 (Act 1/2), 6/10 (Act 3)"
76561198277665579,Recommended,433340,21011898,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,courageousmidget,I Love the game cant wait for more updates. Multiplayer on this game would make it 5 Times better!
,Recommended,433340,34170861,Posted: 11 August,all,Bunnzilla05,"Very fun and realaxing game, 8/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,433340,31446974,Posted: 29 April,all,Misu,"This is by far one of the cutest games i've ever played.It's very family-friendly and being an early access game it's very well put together and i can't wait to see the finish product!! I'm very cautious of any early access game and i tend to avoid them due to bugs and not being playable but i've yet to encounter any issue with Slime Rancher. It runs smoothly on my laptop (which means you don't need a top notch computer to play) and the graphics are nice. It's very simple and relaxing and the amount of combinations you can make seem endless, i've binge played this game quite a few times and i still haven't done all there is to do. It's very much a low-key management game, the only complaint i have is some of the rewards you recieve don't really seem like rewards.Overall i think it's an 8.5/10! :D"
,Recommended,433340,20909245,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Surkey,Cute relaxing time killer that reminds me of games like Animal Crossing (but with less depth since it's Early Access).Can't wait to see where it goes as development continues.
,Recommended,433340,28786545,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GlassLotus,"Before anything else, I must say that this game is so sweet it will give you diabetes.This is the most adorable game I think I have ever played and just thinking about my little slime farm makes me smile. The slimes, and the concepts, and everything is so cute and well put together that I was really shocked that it was indeed a beta and that it was such a small team producing it!Honestly, if you're thinking of picking this up, do it. Don't be turned off by the fact it's a beta, it felt like a pretty well rounded out game as it is (although I can't wait for more).The game took me a little more than a full day to get through, although I still have a few little machines/things to build. I feel like there is plenty of content to warrant the full price, and I am so glad I picked it up.With it being a beta though there are bound to be some bugs, but fortunately I found only one. For some reason one time I played there were a couple places in the world where the ground wasn't real anymore, I fell through it. I sent as detailed bug reports as I could, and turning the game off and then back on seemed to fix it. But even then, the jetpack saved me from death after the first time.This game stole my heart, to be honest. I love manipulating the plort market, flinging myself into a pit full of slimes, and all the little bits of polish they shined it up with too!Pros:- Insanely adorable- Great amount of content, especially for a beta- Great economic system- The Slimepedia- Unique- Handcrafted world made with love and careCons:- Some bugs- Not finished yet (finish sooner, raaaawr)- It took me a few days (in game) to realize sleeping saves the game- No multiplayer- Tabby slimes aren't realI understand that they do not really intend to put in multiplayer, or at least they can't promise anything, and I completely get why. However, I would like to maybe see the range exchange become a somewhat multiplayer thing, where you can post and fulfill trades. I felt like the range exchange was the only feature that I didn't really like, as I felt like it was somewhat dull and never gave things I was interested in at the time."
,Recommended,433340,34095231,Posted: 7 August,all,TEEZY,perfect game to chill
76561198415124096,Recommended,433340,34595826,Posted: 29 August,all,micadholliday,it is so cute i love
,Recommended,433340,21056270,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Weedburner,"This Game is total uncommon..cause its unique,innovative AND doesnt Suck ;)Normaly you canrt have this 3 things going together ;)I totaly recommend it even if they would ask 60 Bucks for it i would.I have so much Fun with this Game its just Awesome ;).And how good must it be once it has reached 1.0 its just 0.24 atm so not even a quarter finished ;)I dont see the slightest Risk in buying it since its soo much Fun already  and it can only become better ;)"
,Recommended,433340,34373286,Posted: 20 August,all,pidgeon,"dont be fooled by the kawaii graphics, this game absolutely transcends genre and will push its players through the toughest trials the human condition has to offerthis game hooked me better than anything else has in over a year"
,Recommended,433340,20687190,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sir Toastie,"> sister playing this game on my account> she goes to bed> figured I'd play her game to see what she did> empty boxes everywhere> gather some lava slimes> start to fill up the corrals, like a good brother> sister walks in> ""what are you doing?""11/10 would put slime in her box again."
76561198098422277,Recommended,433340,22259485,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TheBrendan312,this game is the cutest thing since puppies
,Recommended,433340,20844053,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Penny Wilin',"Raise cute little slimes!Grow them to be bigger slimes!Watch those slimes that you raised yourself, turn into that weird tar♥♥♥♥♥♥from the scooby doo movie!(For those uncultured:http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/scoobydoo/images/9/9a/ScoobyDoo2TarMonster-med.png/revision/latest?cb=20090901105659)"
,Not Recommended,433340,34245990,Posted: 14 August,all,Arrevax,"Two words: unrewarding tedium.TL;DR: The mechanics work, but they're clunky and force the player to waste time. Exploration means running back and forth because the player's inventory is extremely limited, and it's not like there's much to see— the game isn't graphically impressive, and the zones don't have much in the way of unique assets. The difficulty level is nonexistent, and it feels like there's nothing to do but busywork after visiting every zone.Slime Rancher is a solid enough game, mechanically (in that it generally isn't buggy and things basically work, but it ends up falling short of comparable games (Harvest Moon-style farming games and pure sandboxes, like Minecraft). The art style seems more gimped than stylized— everything looks smooth and bland, though this may have been a necessity in order for the gameplay to remain reliably smooth with so many objects and entities moving around. I have played through what content was available once during the beta (just before the Ancient Ruins area was released) and again just after release (main story completed, entire farm bought and covered in fully-upgraded buildings, plenty of research and cosmetic upgrades purchased).The most basic mechanics of the game, moving and using the Vacpack, are remarkably flawed. Walking and jumping work just fine, but the Vacpack spins objects before sucking them up into an inventory slot, which can cause some to fly past the player. It gets tedious waiting on items to reach the player. Then, it gets even more tedious when you have to eject a large quantity of anything, such as when you sell items or retrieve items from a storage building. There is no ""eject all"" function for an item slot, andthere are only four item slots. There is one extra pseudo-slot that only holds water, but the limited number of total slots, low total quantity limit per slot (even after multiple upgrades!), and inability to carry multiple stacks of items (any individual item can only be carried in one slot at a time, up to that slot's quantity limit) make item managementabsolute hellthroughout the game. Sprinting cuts down on travel time, but it uses energy, which is slow to refill and also necessary for the jetpack. The jetpack has almost no lift, and it sometimes activates when the player is just trying to jump. Most areas that the jetpack allows the player to reach are devoid of anything.My post-release playthrough took about 15 hours, which seems low for a sandbox-ish game with a seemingly-large amount of customization to do. The Ranch is fairly limited, with about 2 dozen plots on which to keep slimes, raise chickens, and grow crops (along with a couple of other utility buildings). It's definitely possible for someone who truly desires efficiency to brainstorm various layouts for the Ranch, but the limited number of plots are extremely constrictive when compared to a more free-form sandbox. The same logic applies to gadget and decoration placement, which is performed on numerous, but unmoveable, locations around the game world.Exploration is somewhat interesting due to there being several different game regions with different plants and slimes available, but these things you find are like not enough cheap, bland butter spread over too much bread. Almost all slimes and plants function identically, and the few unique mechanics ultimately don't matter. The geography of new zones might have different colors and a few unique assets, but it still mostly looks like shaded mud. Inventory management becomes even more problematic when exploring a new region— you can only carry four different things, but you have multiple new commodities to bring back to your ranch. Late game exploration involves placing different plorts (produced by slimes after they eat; can be used to get money, build gadgets, or fulfill trade offers from NPCs) in slots that look like the slime that made that plort. This means backtracking across zones just to carry new things back, then coming back with the correct plorts, and doing so again if more new things are found/different plorts are needed.I didn't complete the main story for the sake of seeing it all— the entire narrative is comprised of very short, uninteresting tidbits of text. The content of said narrative can be boiled down to two very hokey love stories. One is written through notes left by the previous Slime Ranch owner, Hobson Twilgers, throughout the explorable areas of the world, and the other is written by the player character's best friend/love interest/whatever (Casey) in letters sent to the player as they spend more time in-game and explore more regions.These love stories fall apart because the game effectively has no meaningful characters— Hobson's love interest, another Rancher (Thora West), only exists as a single ""welcome"" message and a few mundane quotes viewed with her trade offers. Beatrix only receives character development through Casey's emails; the only thing the player really learns about her is that she's outdoorsy. Beatrix is the only character with a visible model, which is seen in the player's home and the main menu, though a picture of Casey seen from behind is visible during the credits. They come across as a couple dreamt up by a stereotypical Tumblr user— Beatrix is a person of color with mint-green hair, and Casey is a musician with multiple ear piercings, punk-style bright pink hair, andno discernible gender.What I'm trying to say is that the game might as well have no story at all— a generic ""you are the main character, and you're here"" sort of start would be preferable to Slime Rancher's barebones narrative.Character customization (other than the Vacpack color schemes) would be wasted due to the game's first-person perspective, but there might as well be no Beatrix LeBeau or Casey.After finishing the story and reaching the end of the final area, the player receives... Nothing in particular. A few secret ""vaults"" are unlocked. They're full of valuable plorts, which is pretty meaningless by the time the player gains access. You could just stop playing the main mode and play the 5-day challenge mode, or you could spend some time retooling your farm with different slimes, but it all feels meaningless. The devs added a money sink that provides paint jobs for your home, ranch, and Vacpack (what little you see of the player model while playing), but making money just means running back and forth between slimes, slime food, and the market. Making money also means sitting still, holding down the left or right mouse button, waiting for large amounts of whatever to enter or exit your inventory, and remember: only four item slots. There are some gadgets you can place around the farm to slightly reduce how much running back and forth you do, but you'll still spend inordinate amounts of time waiting on the Vacpack to suck and spew. There are some collectibles in the form of treasure pods, but these are more frustrating than fun. If they provide items, they use up valuable inventory space on stuff you didn't expect to have to carry, or they provide location-related cosmetic junk. Treasure pods require a special, expensive upgrade that seems to only be unlocked after a certain number of days have passed, which means the player will likely be forced to ignore countless pods for a long period of time (in my case, the main story was over and I didn't care to continue with my already-full Ranch before I could open the top tier of pods) before they can be interacted with."
76561198025303052,Recommended,433340,24212342,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JennocidalBirb,"To all the idiots who claim that videogames turn kids into violent psychopaths, I'd invite them to play Slime Rancher. It is the most adorably lighthearted, fun game I have played in years. If you like farming sim/exploration type games like Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley, you will like Slime Rancher. If it's not your cup of tea, you probably won't. I personally like them as a way to relax and do something mindless to unwind, which Slime Rancher is PERFECT for if that's what you're looking for. Slimes are all adorable and bouncy and I found myself giggling at the things they did on several occasions.I normally don't buy early access games for more than $10 just as a rule, but Slime Rancher was the exception. I was bored and sad and had some money in my steam wallet, so I figured I'd give it a shot, and I'm glad I did. I hope the devs will keep adding new slimes and areas and features. The ability to name slimes would also be great."
76561198036518092,Recommended,433340,20813906,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nocturn,"I hadn't heard about this game until I saw it on Jacksepticeye's channel, and I could not find it in me to contain myself, this game is THAT adorable.Don't let the cutseyness of the game fool you, though - you WILL have to venture out into the unknown, you WILL have to figure out what works best for the slimes you bring home, and you WILL have to find efficient ways to keep them happy as you continue to explore.Thankfully, there are tools to help you with that.As with any game you start out in, you're going to have to grind a bit to get the resources you want. It's unfortunate, but hey - you're a newly-minted rancher; it comes with the territory! (a-hyuck)Pros:>mods available at corrals allow automated maintenance, allows you more freedom to wander>very fluid gameplay, with various levels of graphic heaviness to suit most rigs>music is beautiful, very relaxing>environments are designed nicely; (tip!) checking bushes and overgrown grass can reward you>slime poop>nope, nevermind, it's a slime>YAY, SLIME POOP>???>moniesCons (but not really):>can become repetative (not necessarily a problem, just an aspect of getting your feet wet)>not much else?Overall, it's a really good game, whether you're looking to just explore a cool world filled with cute slimeballs, or if you're looking to cultivate the land and get money. Yes, it's early access, but I've yet to really find any bugs, and for all the time you're likely to sink into it, I find the price worth it.Happy ranching!"
76561198131721629,Recommended,433340,24661384,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,adluna97,"Pretty fun game, does look a little like an underaged game but it can be quite fun. I has more of an adventurous but open world type feel. You search and discover things on your own. Love how you can work at your own pace and if you can't figure something out there is basically a built in wiki in the menu."
,Recommended,433340,34034703,Posted: 5 August,all,SydneyBrine,"I recommend this game to anyone who has patience, a love for adorable slimes, and exploring.The music suits the atmosphere, as well as the bright colors and cheerful mood this game sets as soon as you open it for the first time.The combination of cuteness and currency are what make this game unique, you want to keep coming back not only to get more money and expand; but also to get more slimes.But no game is perfect,There's just one thing that bugs me, it's that you have to walk around a lot in order to find certain things just to be able to use a one way portal to get back to your home(It's normally a long walk back) but other than that I still call this the best game I've played in years.I'll give this game a Gallon of Water out of Tarr (10/10)"
,Recommended,433340,20915815,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Graggne,A normal start1. Get many slimes and put them in a corral.2. Realize that they are different types of silmes.3. See the tar man come and kill all your slimes.4. Watch youtube and learn a bit of the game.5. Start new game and play like a PRO!!6. Realize you are selling poop to a company...10/10
76561198308246993,Recommended,433340,35438845,Posted: 3 October,all,AnnaForevermore,Absolutely amazing game. Over 200 hours and there is still things to don
,Recommended,433340,26025406,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Haru,"To summarize, it's cute, adorable, and full of joy, with high risk of diabetes.Slime Rancher is a very casual game, encouraging exploration and adventure. Shut off the wiki because all you need is the ingame database.You own a ranch, starting off with virtually nothing but an empty corral. Your most obvious goal is to build and upgrade your jolly little ranch. But you have no monies. How would one get fat dosh? By venturing into the wilderness with your trusty multi-purpose vac gun and jetpack (upgrade requiredcough) to discover various wildlife, resources, secrets, andlove. There's no invisible walls of sort. Exploration is truly free as long as your energy reserves hold up. With many different kind of slimes, it's not difficult figuring out their nature thanks to the slimepedia, providing every little thing you need to know about the world you interact with.Simply put, learn about your environment and make your cutesy, killer, little slimes happy to make money. Use that money to improve efficiency to get more money. Capitalism, ho!There is one bad thing.It's an early access game. It's difficult to judge an unfinished game that potentially could be in development hell. One thing I know for sure, once you get your hours out of Slime Rancher, you won't have much more to do. After achieving everything you can and banking on all the money you could possibly want, you'll have no contents left for you. Your experience will be left short. It'll take months for contents to come out and it won't be enough to satisfy your instant needs. By then, how invested are you still?A short /me meets Slime Rancher love novel.Now listen 'ere. I don't buy a lot of games. I'm a cheap, dirty pirate, and I also despise early access games. I pirated Slime Rancher out of curiousity one day and thought it was the best thing ever. I was overwhelmed with bliss. I couldn't get over how adorable everything was and I thought the concept was perfect. Months later, I bought it, despite my hatred for early access. The developer deserved all da monies. I've had a rare experience."
,Recommended,433340,21795094,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DanixKm,"Slimes are friends not food. THROW ALL THE TARS INTO THE WATER!This is a super cute game with smooth gameplay and bright and cheerful graphics, plus where else will you find a game of selling poop?Admittedly, there aren't many hours worth of content just yet but that doesn't take away the fun factor of the game and the potential it has to steal way too many hours of your life to be healthy."
,Recommended,433340,31250578,Posted: 19 April,all,Darbeansballs,Viva Pinata/Harvest Moon fans will like this one. Loads of content now with the updates coming thick and fast. Will leave you saying. Go on... one more day.8/10
76561198054027748,Recommended,433340,24649846,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rabiez,"This is a beautiful game with lots of content to be made, i mean more of it!Would def recomend this game!"
76561198109167067,Recommended,433340,22558044,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,CDM,Great game. Really fun but may seem boring to others. Time consuming and nice. If you have a computer it will crash *Warning*.
,Recommended,433340,33143182,Posted: 2 July,all,Dude104,simple and relaxing
,Recommended,433340,30507733,Posted: 14 March,all,MiniMe,"WARNING! I repeat. WARNING! Do not touch this game. It is highly addictive.Hardly did any work the last two days, eyes red and inflammated, not answering calls.Ok, I have to go, just unlocked the Science lab."
,Recommended,433340,21859070,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,MattaN,"It's a great game but lacks in content for the moment. You basically get to the point where you are like ""Okay, I know how this♥♥♥♥♥♥works and I can start earning money from my farm"" but you've already done all content. I am looking forward to future patches."
,Recommended,433340,21018045,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Daikee,Casually sitting in 38 degrees heat and trying to be a slime rancher11/10WOULD DO IT AGAIN
76561198376208241,Recommended,433340,33143977,Posted: 2 July,all,miniwaves,"Amazing game, very cute and easy to pick up"
,Recommended,433340,25677469,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,definitely slayer,"It's too cute.(Great art in general, fun gameplay)"
,Recommended,433340,23260038,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,blackmarkethalo,"This game is very fun. A little bit of a slow start, but an all around great game to play. Well worth it to buy and play!"
,Recommended,433340,20595185,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Goatmale,"If you liked raising Chaos in Sonic Adventure. You will find this similar.Recommended, but I would wait for it to be on sale. it's fun for a few hours. but not worth 20$ at the moment."
,Not Recommended,433340,20588954,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SimonBeed,"This game is a real gem. It has a lovely art direction, simple gameplay and it just makes me smile so much.But the negative comments do bring up a good point. As of right now, not much content is in the game yet. I'm sure a lot more is coming but for the moment, it is missing more meat to it. I understand why people love it though. It's one of those games you can play for hours while listening to something else in the background.I'm not entirely sure in what direction the devs are going to take it, but it'd be nice of them to pull other things from similar games in the genre. Add little ideas here and there. Slime guards for your ranch or pet slimes that help you carry things back to your ranch.If you really must have a cute management game with colorful slimes, by all means buy it. I can see a lot of potential here to make something wonderful, but as of right now, wait a bit longer before buying it. At least until the next update to see what they add."
76561198226672448,Recommended,433340,20999929,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,bonibonn,"Very cute atmosphere, easy to play"
76561198094581772,Recommended,433340,20735751,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JustLangford (moe),its a short game when you have played the game from when you could only get it from the fourms.now its very early access VERY.I have a good hopes for this game i think it has a lot of potential.lets just hope it stays that way. and i think it willand i know why you may not like the game i can see where you are coming from.But at the end of the day its just my silly little opinion.
,Recommended,433340,20868174,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Xeno,"Amazingly wonderful game, and this is Early Access. So much more can, and will hopefully, be added to this already masterpiece of a game. Could not recommend this enough."
,Recommended,433340,24508744,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Raulphi ♑,"ok, this game is amazing , i woul buy it again , and i recomend it to everyone ,here are some things that i thought that would make the game even more fun:-MULIPLAYER, it would be funt to create a ranch with your friends and stuff.-MORE VARIETY OF SLIMES, PLORTS AND FOODS, everyone that played this game should want this too, probably like 50 varieties of slimes in maximum.-MINIGAMES, because why not man, fun for everyone.-BUG FIXES, idk if this is a bug, but, the plort collector and the auto feeder are not working normally, because, the plort collector does not collect every plort in the curral, and the auto feeder dispences ALL the food that is in it , it should only dispence enough to feed all the slimes and not leave it on the ground.-TARRS IMPROUVEMENTS, this is just silly, but the tarrs should give plorts, LOLso um, yeah, that's it mankeep it up!"
76561198286526538,Recommended,433340,24531728,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NyaNyaMiku~❤,So Cute! love it but if you have a bad pc its laggy and slow when somthing big happens. 9/10
,Recommended,433340,31579962,Posted: 6 May,all,Sad,"A thoroughly enjoyable game. I got it when it was in early access and even now it's a fun game with plenty or replayablity. However I would never reset as it's a game when progression is slow, and even after 15+ hours currently I have lots to do.The one thing that would make this game truely 5 stars is if it had ANY form of multiplayer; i dont mind if it's a shared world, someone hosting or whatever; but multiplayer is honestly a neccessity.I hope it gets added soon!"
76561198104381146,Recommended,433340,31583423,Posted: 6 May,all,Duckly12,This game its awsome but one thing im hoping you guys can add is multiplayer because my little brother and i are wanting to play together. But this game is just really awsome!
,Recommended,433340,32840020,Posted: 26 June,all,TitanSmash,This is a cute little game. I have enjoyed playing every minute of it. I am very much looking forward to how the game expands and grows over time!
76561198175742178,Recommended,433340,25234867,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,courtneyrnjosepht,Antidepressants could never do what 4 hours in this game could do. Simple gameplay mechanics and yet so much fun.
76561198231272756,Recommended,433340,29034797,Posted: 5 January,all,cowmooshroom,very relaxing and if you have had a bad day a good game to get your spearits up however can be grindy if you want
76561198104633395,Recommended,433340,20784710,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DraganYurie,After getting the game and playing non-stop for a few hours (about 4) I have to say that this game is addictive.  Its a good game if you're really about the cute stuff. You can never tell the adorable slimes no.
,Recommended,433340,34004097,Posted: 3 August,all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"I spent ~20 hours ranching these adorable little blobs.The ""ending"" cutscene made me tear up, and I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.This is a light, simple game that manages to stay compelling without becoming overbearing.You can spend hours building and running a super-efficient ranch, but you can also walk away at any time with no penalty. You might have to re-seed some things, but you don't have to worry about the place burning down while you're gone.The world is a beautiful set of biomes to explore and navigate using your jetpack. Like the ranching itself, running out into the wild presents some light challenge without too much looming threat. If your health runs out or you fall into the ocean, you just drop what you were carrying and re-appear in your cabin the next morning.This balance creates an experience that is relaxing while still being engaging. There are little environmental puzzles to solve, secrets to find, and plenty of ways to decorate and optimize your ranch. There is also a daily challenge to collect specified items in exchange for mystery rewards, and a shameless ""money sink"" that rewards you with cosmetic items and color schemes for your equipment. Periodically, you'll receive emails or stumble across text messages that fill in the main character's history and the story of the previous ranch owner. Like everything else, it's not particularly deep, but it is cute and pretty well written.There will always be a place in my heart for simple, well-designed games with strong art direction. If you're considering this game, I can tell you that it is every bit as functional and deserving of your time as it appears. There's no catch. It's sweet, relaxing fun that just about anyone can enjoy. You can let your kids play it without any fear that it'll be too hard or in any way offensive. You can present it to a non-gamer, and they'll probably enjoy it. Even for a ""hardcore"" gamer, there's a lot to appreciate in the mechanical simplicity and the elegance of the environmental design.If there was even one thing that saddens me about this game, it would be that eventually one reaches ""the end"". There's a bittersweet feeling to building the ""perfect"" ranch, collecting all the slimes, exploring the furthest reaches of the range, and ultimately having to move on. Games like this one are few and far between, part of me wishes I could go back and do it all again."
,Recommended,433340,23959014,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Floro,One of the very rare games which ought to be congratulated for its good use of the Early Access System.
,Recommended,433340,24291122,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Princess Bubblegum,"If you like cute monsters and beautiful graphics, this is the perfect game.Slime Rancher is always adding new content (slimes, equipaments, maps), simple gameplay, but extremely funny.I always play this when I want to relax, I feed my cute slimes and kill bad creatures ;3"
76561198072997539,Recommended,433340,22260721,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Major Monobrow,"The game so far has 6 hours of gameplay. 6, glorious, slimy hours of gameplay.That number will only rise with the updates.I'd reccomend playing, because slime."
76561198232155424,Recommended,433340,25117447,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,redmoon_renegade,"If you want a game that is both cute, relaxing, and likely to give you diabetes in sugary bowl covered in cuteness this game is for you. I am not one for long detailed reviews of early access games so I am going to keep it short. It is a lovely game with good graphics and isn't heavy on processing power or space."
,Recommended,433340,33965599,Posted: 2 August,all,Sablestick,"This is an amazing game. From the overall presentation (Way too cute) to the gratifying gameplay loop of doing some routine tasks flowing into exploration of the untamed and mysterious wilds surrounding your ranch, Slime Rancher is a joy all the time. I got three other people to buy this game simply by showing it to them and asking them ""Isn't this adorable?"", and all three fell in love instantly. If you are at all considering this game, do it. You'll thank yourself later. If a tabby giving you boops and a slime exploding and giving itself googly eyes in the process doesn't win you over, then I'm afraid that a Tarr might have eaten your child-like whimsy, and I give you my condolences. Have a good time on the Far, Far Range."
,Recommended,433340,21931572,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Battle Quaggan,So much fun the music is so good. You should get this game now!!!!
,Not Recommended,433340,25373493,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Invented,"I would recommend for someone who likes a quick game to enjoy for about a month or so, the problem with this game is that once you get so good that you cant buy anything/there is no point in buying anthing anymore the game is boring and pointless, I love the game concept and the updates are great but they arent able to keep up with how fast the game goes by, game 10/10 but you cant play the game for more that 5 hours"
,Recommended,433340,20548511,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Finally on steam i add these ""hours"" to my playtime.Yes i can recommend it !It's cute, addicting and very relaxing i.m.h.o.i can now take a break from the usual warfare :DGameplay is great, graphics are decent, sounds are good.the overal variety of slimes is also good for now (they add more later, as of this review).Can't wait for the next update, and i can't say it enough ""Buy it, you'll have fun!""7/10 - A good game for your buck"
76561198259074608,Not Recommended,433340,34732774,Posted: 4 September,all,MIC Check,"I hate to say no to such a fun game.Slime rancher is very well developed and there's a lot of potential. Tt rewards those who explore and experiment, and visually is one of the nicest games I've played in a long time.However, like most sandbox games, it suffers like most do. After you have unlocked all the areas, there is very little incentive to keep playing. The narrative just leaves you hanging. The Slime Science is a nice tool to be sure, but it takes far too long to progress for be truly useful."
,Recommended,433340,20690673,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dolo,You farm slime poo and sell it for profit 10/10
76561198122639449,Recommended,433340,22128200,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Feminist Back Off <3,10/10 the slimes are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute :D
76561198271025304,Recommended,433340,20531188,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,birch,ITS A GOOD GAME! ... BUY IT!
,Recommended,433340,34033861,Posted: 5 August,all,x.abigaillewis.x,"I LOVE this game, kept me occupied for hours. It does have this kind of childish play to it but it is addictively fun and has kept myself (on the PC) and my boyfriend (Xbox One) happy for at least 5 hours today!"
,Recommended,433340,27524836,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meowkey,It is a very cute farming game where you try to get maximum profit from slimes and the strange combinations you can create for them. Very adorable as well! ^.^
76561198010344466,Recommended,433340,25610467,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mothbro,"This game is adorably endearing. A very mellow, relaxing time killer. All these poor, poor chickens though..."
76561198170355043,Recommended,433340,34280414,Posted: 16 August,all,jennifer_rike,"i've played this game since beta and i would recommend it, it's been an extemely fun time playing this game and you could say that i'm ""having a good time"" (reference to a song btw) and i tottaly love the the game."
,Not Recommended,433340,34060088,Posted: 6 August,all,kaonashi,"OK exploration game with awful writing.I'd rather play Harvest Moon or Story of Seasons for my farming fix.I wish the days were longer and there was more ways to interact with my slimes. I'd like to explore the world more, but the days are too short and I feel like I have to choose between taking care of my slimes/crops or actually advancing in the game. If I leave to explore for even an afternoon everyone is grumpy because no food and their pens are completely full of plorts.That being said, it only took 36 hours to reach the 'ending' even with all of this forced procrastination (this is extremely short for a game like this, as I've put hundreds of hours into a game like Harvest Moon 64). There is no end game content so I don't feel like I have anything left to achieve so it's very difficult for me to get back into the game.Although, for what the gameplay has to offer I think it's pretty neat. I'm starting to think that this game isn't really targetted at me, though. It feels more like a little kids game, (even more so than say, Pokemon or Minecraft, both of which I am a big fan of). I plan on showing it to my niece next time we get to visit."
76561198334330431,Not Recommended,433340,34718682,Posted: 3 September,all,Paradoxian10,"This game, in my experience, is relaxing and addictive... For around 5 - 10 hours.Eventually, looking after your slimes becomes repetetive, even tedious and, when that phase hit me, it put me off the entire game. So did the fact that plorts go down in price the more you sell them. However, I did find a solution to that problem but it just didn't seem right.Now, if your the sort of person who likes a regular change of scene then this game is not for you. On the other hand, anyone who likes finding a task and then doing it until their body physically can't continue... I'm sure you will get over 50 hours of fun out of this game.What I haven't said yet, though, is that there are different components other than raising your slimes and collecting their plorts but, for me, there just weren't enough. I'd say, from what I've seen on youtube, that mid - game there are 4 main components to the game, which, for some, will be plenty enough.I reccomend checking it out on youtube before buying it, as that gives you a pretty good look at what the game will be like. Afterwards , though, make sure you consider really well is the gameplay you watch is definitely something you would want to play, because I didn't think very hard after checking it out and now look where I am : sat on my♥♥♥♥♥♥ taking the time to write a negative review of it.Hope you found that helpfull."
,Recommended,433340,20950466,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Chiiil,"I would not recommend this game currently, but definitely in the future when it is more updated. At the moment, it was most definitely not worth its listed price. The game itself is super fun, I had a lot of fun with the minute amount of content there is already. As of now there is only about 5 or so hours of gameplay before there is nothing else to explore or do. The team is very small as well, so updates as of now would most likely be somewhat slow.All in all, I would definitely recommend picking this game up in the future when it has more content and has more content being added consistently. I hope you guys start getting a bigger team and can push this game to it's potential!"
,Recommended,433340,20855497,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dain,"Love this game, just can't wait for more content as with 4 hours gameplay I feel like I've done pretty much everything."
76561198159338227,Recommended,433340,21004766,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheBlueBlaze007,this game has a long playtime as there are things you can find everywhere you can also explore some of the incomplete areas if you want it may not be complete but it is worth buying
76561198148099791,Recommended,433340,29104972,Posted: 7 January,all,mokkia,"+Super cute artsyle and fun to run around in. Very similar to games like Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley in terms of resource managing, however you get a jetpack/gadgets instead of dates.+Ranching is great since you can mix/match different slimes attributes by 'breeding' different slimes together. Play with which slime types will earn you the most $$ but watch out for ravenous dark slimes.+Dark slimes(Tarr) are a nice feature that adds low stakes combat and a wrench to any farmers plans not paying attention to their slime's diet. Yes, you can accidentaly breed Tarrs and have a whole Tarr outbreak on your farm which amps up the level of diffiuclty.+/-You can also ranch a variety of chickens/roosters as well as farm fruits/veggies to feed your slimes. The coop system is perfectly balanced. A dilligent farmer can have a self sustaining coop. The farming system leaves a little bit to be desired. If you want different crops planted each cycle its fine, however if you want to continually grow one crop make sure you have 'seeds' in storage. The sprinkler upgrade also stays on even when nothing is planted.-Still early access so I'm sure new areas/higher level content will be added later. There are definitley spaces open on the map for it.*Side note*  Haven't tried contorller support yet, but it's an option."
,Recommended,433340,22912710,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Meluhnee,"I absolutely love this game. I'm kind of at a stand still at the moment because of limited content, but I can't wait for updates to continue to come out.The only thing I would maybe like to see is an upgrade to the gardens? If we could be able to grow more than one thing per garden (Even if it's the same item already planted). Even with the upgrades to speed up growth and number of items produced, it still isn't quite enough to keep up with the slimes. Unless the updates are planning to open more areas for corrals, coops, etc. I also agree with a post someone posted about having an area off of our ranch that has a fresh water area to keep puddle slimes instead of the pond.I still rate 10/10, though! It's so super cute!"
,Recommended,433340,23032562,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RocketFace,"Pretty solid. I would suck up slimes for molah aswell, as long as I can harvest their Colon.I like it and it shows a lot of promise for a early acess game"
76561198191398743,Recommended,433340,21418970,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cythical Is Cool,"This game is really fun, addicting, and just overall amazing. It can, after a time, get boring, but if it does you can always wait for the next update to come. I'd think that this game is well worth the $20 It cost.My overall review of the game is AMAZING GAME!"
,Recommended,433340,27530612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,-toast,"I have always felt bad for the constant slaughter of slimes in multiple games, however in this amazing game I have been allowed to raise these slimes which I have captured from the wild as farm animals in order to harvest their poop for my own personal gain? Sounds like I haven't changed at all actually, except this time the slimes stay alive. I guess that's a good thing?- - - ACTUAL REVIEW STARTS HERE - - -Slime Rancher is a game whih enables you to raise slimes in order to make personal gains. By doing this you are able to expand your farm in order to entrap more slimes so they are able to become your personal poop slave (don't ask). These slimes eat more food than you ever will in this game and give you poop which you put into an interdimesional market place and get returned coins which you use. The aesthetic of the game fits the atmosphere the game sets of a relaxing little game to play for fun, the colours fit the mood perfectly. The soundtrack I have found somewhat relaxing and the gameplay is rather fun for what it is. Overall I give this about a 7/10."
76561198092636563,Recommended,433340,30501786,Posted: 13 March,all,Vietnamese Jesus,"You know that time of year in university where everything just doesn't go your way and you keep taking fat L's on your exams? What should you do? Do you contemplate suicide? Do you drop out? Take antidepressants till you OD? Perhaps make a meme out of your life and send it to the UC Berkeley meme page?Do all of those things if you want, but at least add Slime Rancher to the list. Seriously, this game is the cure to the cancer that is life. $20 for happiness? That's such a sweet deal, I would highly advise you on buying this game before Martin Shkreli decides to buy up all of the right to this game and charges you $600 for the drug that will save your life (♥♥♥♥♥♥ or not)."
,Recommended,433340,24127300,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,bitter-hearts**,"Slime Rancher is easily one of the most adorable games I've ever played -- and I've played a lot of cutesy games. Don't even get me started on the blushy pond slimes. So cute!!However, it is a rather (very) short game, not only for the €20 price tag, but also for how much there is to actually do. It's a sandbox game, but there really isn't much to do, and what little there is to do gets kinda repetitive after a (short) while. Collect/farm food, feed your slimes, get plots, trade them for cash. Wash rinse repeat. The new areas are relatively small too. Once you get all the eight types of slimes or some largos, just expect to do the same three things over and over and over again. And personally, I'd love a multiplayer/co-op mode.That being said, I recommend getting it on sale and/or wait until it's out of early access. I realize it's only on version 0.3.4 (at time of  review) so I'm hoping there's a lot more to be added on versions 0.4 through to 1.0 to make it worth the price, and that's why I'm ultimately opting to give it a positive review."
,Recommended,433340,32917227,Posted: 28 June,all,dvs,Lots of bright colours and a fun aesthetic with approachable yet deep mechanics.
,Recommended,433340,32906186,Posted: 27 June,all,BarubalzGaming™,"for 10 year I was diagnoded with clinical depression I'm a worthless pile of crap and I want to end it all but after I got this game and played for only 50 mins, I see the world in a new light because of those tabby slimes makes you want to hug them all"
76561198149936425,Recommended,433340,29857422,Posted: 11 February,all,normanrebates,"Came for cute little slimes, stayed for the polished feel and the excellent selection of things to do.After playing this game for a while, I set it aside when school started back up. I came back recently because I missed playing a game where there wasn't a set-in-stone goal to find that there was more to do. Boy was I excited when I could finally afford the lab! The slimes are super adorable, even in its current state, the game feels like a fully developed piece, and it is regularly updated. Each slime has its own quirks--Be extra careful around those pesky Hunter Largos--and even after spending almost 9 hours in the past two weeks playing the game again, I just now found new caves in the quarry! It's a great game. I personally adore it."
,Recommended,433340,20988321,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheDarkLindsey,"WARNING: MAY CAUSE ADDICTION AND UNCONTROLLABLE AWsWary of the early access for fear of it being too little content for a higher price, I was blown away by how much fun and how much content was in the game. The slimes are immediately addicting and cute, although some (like the tarr slimes) are definitely enemies to avoid at all costs. The areas are beautiful and full of life (whether it be slimes, chickens/roosters, or vegetation), just filled to the brim with gorgeous art and amazingly cute sounds. . . of slimes! For the price it's at now, I'd say go for it and enjoy it to the fullest; it's definitely worth it!10/10, would buy again and recommend!"
,Recommended,433340,31166560,Posted: 15 April,all,LEEMS SEGIT,Cutest game on planet earth.
76561198004349768,Recommended,433340,20922825,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lamb Chop,"As of the time of writing this review, the game is in version 0.2.something or another.I do recommend this game, it knows what it wants to be and it's hitting that nail on the head rather dutifuly.  Even at this early stage the game mechanics are solid though at times hilariously chaotic.  It's charmingly adorable if not a bit indulgantly saccharine.  Everything is round and bouncy and colorful, and there's a satisfaction to be had in vaccuming up and penning in small round creatures.HOWEVER, this game is probably not worth $20 as it is right now.  While it's very easy to figure out and the path you take to make progress is rather concice, the game currently lacks any solid or even vague end-goal.  So far it's ranch slimes to make money so you can buy upgrades.  At a certain point you run out of upgrades to buy and a bunch of the game areas are yet to be implamented (as indicated by a cute little sign of a slime in a hard hat).My advice?  Get this game, but wait for version like 0.7 or the full release, as right now you can get through pretty much all the games content in about 4-5 hours.That being said I don't really regret the early access purchase, and I'm excitedly looking forward to more content."
76561198140944075,Recommended,433340,30493876,Posted: 13 March,all,TheFatAmphibian,Boots up gameLeaves slime in an enclosuure slightly too small for itgoes to collect carrots to feed itFarm descends into anarchy9.9/10 - Would prefer the slimes to be more disciplined again
76561198158381881,Recommended,433340,32908139,Posted: 27 June,all,T.Rucker,Fun for anyone wanting to just take it easy and chill.
,Not Recommended,433340,28962901,Posted: 2 January,all,OSad,"The game has potential but it's micromanagement hell past a certain point. Some thoughts, in no particular order:- The amount of running around and backtracking is on the level of Rise of the Argonauts. The stamina bar upgrades are helpful but on a game where you're literally running 95% of the time, it would've been great to just do away with that altogether and allow the player to freely sprint as much as he wants. Exploration also feels awkward without a minimap (even an option to purchase one would've been nice).- The lack of an endgame goal gives everything a sense of deep pointlesness. If the idea is just to wrangle slimes and make a living that way, then being able to very easily catch slimes right outside of your base dampens that objective immensely right off the bat. There really isn't any consequence to messing up either, as even if you get overrun by tar slimes, your buildings remain there and all you have to do is get your slimes back.- You are not encouraged to keep multiple pens of slimes, as this will quickly turn the game into tamagochi slime edition: wake up, collect food from farms/hen pen, shoot it at slimes, collect and sell splorts, go back to sleep. This is soul-crushingly tedious, but unfortunately, it is the bread and butter of the game, as this is the only way to get money and you need money to do everything in your farm. The more slime pens you have, the more and more tedious this becomes.- Preset plots are a terrible idea: the plots where you can build things are scattered out so far apart from one another, that this leads to even more tedious running around between the areas of your farm. The plots themselves are also very small and often don't lend themselves to putting many slimes, especially Largos, inside of them, which cuts into your ability to make money faster. Could have been easily solved by just letting the player position their own plots.- The backpack system is horrible, and collecting plorts especially feels like a massive, unnecessary chore: you cannot have multiple stacks of the same item on different slots in your backpack, for some god-forsaken reason. This is understandable for slimes, but for plorts it is a bit of a headscratcher. This leads to a lot of running between your plots and the plort market to sell said plorts once you collect the highest stack you can carry in a slot. It's honestly rather insulting how little this game respects your time as a player with a mechanic like that, seeing as how you seemingly cannot even upgrade your backpack space, save for an extra slot to carry water around with you.- Farms should not run out: you can immediately pick up whatever the farm produced and pump it right back into the soil as soon as the plot runs out, so it's pointless to even have it run out. Just one more thing for the player to micro, ultimately.- On the Slime Science update, I haven't played with it too much, as I just couldn't stomach the game anymore by the time I unlocked the farm. It's a step in the right direction that actually encourages you to go get different types of slimes, but it's a massive gold sink (10000 gold to be exact) that really comes too late into the playthrough, and should be unlocked for a much smaller investment to help keep the game interesting once you've got your basic farm set up and going.There are some positives to the game. Again, the concept is interesting and has potential, the art style is superb, the slimes are very, very cute (especially the water ones that blush if there's too many other slimes near them), there seems to be a lot of possible slime breeding combinations, the controls are easy to pick up and using the cannon itself to suck and shoot things is fun.Unfortunately, playing the game is just a massive, pointless chore. There is no story, no pressing objectives, no ending, and a massive around of backtracking and micromanagement. It may be in early access but it looks so remarkably similar as it did on January of last year, so it's hard to recommend to anybody who might even be remotely interested in it right now."
76561198119628715,Recommended,433340,32643335,Posted: 22 June,all,Bear ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,One word to define this amazing game... cute
76561198041550791,Recommended,433340,34116946,Posted: 8 August,all,demick12,"This game is all sorts of cute... and more. More smiles than you can ever want and can get from ANY game. More fun doing the boring ranchin' part (not really boring at all). More exploration with lots of skill needed in latter parts. More creativity to help you along. More rich environments to get lost or emersed in. More cute, even!I don't think I've smiled more playing a game in my life up until now. This game is great at that, and probably will melt away any stress you might have irl.C'mon! Give it a go! The Tabby Slimes are hypnotizing you to do so with their tails... :3"
,Recommended,433340,34517806,Posted: 26 August,all,Aegnerys Kitchenborn,It's worth every penny.
,Recommended,433340,24429861,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Very good fun!This game is amazing. and it isn't even done yet! good mechnics, cool visuals, game-vastness is getting there. Slime Rancher is very good fun. even though in early access, theres plenty to do.Weegee Reccomends this!"
76561198209674261,Recommended,433340,34786542,Posted: 6 September,all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Fun and relaxing game to play.
,Recommended,433340,30803045,Posted: 28 March,all,Andrew61650,Pros:2 CUUTE!!!Awesome graphicsSo many different slimes to collectSo many area to exploreCons:none
76561198354182354,Recommended,433340,30785810,Posted: 27 March,all,shad0wend,"This game is so adorable, everything about it is cute, even the Tarr! I LOVE the puddle slimes, they're just... SOOO CUTE!!! 10/10 from me!"
,Recommended,433340,34082513,Posted: 7 August,all,【=◈︿◈=】| Derpy Hooves,i bet the developer accidentally put a lots of sugar into this gamecuz its giving me a huge diabetesThat being said i love itthe combination of Cuteness with Exploring and Farming is amazingand the music....not really i call appealing....but it almost gets there.although there's still need a little improvement like we should be able to modify or make a custom characterOverall i'll give it9/10
,Recommended,433340,20653152,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ignifyre,"This is an example of an early action game being done right.  There are so many features added already and the developers just seem to know what to do.  The game runs great and everything is super cute and adorable, except the Tarr.  The Tarr are evil and deserve to burn in the incinerator.The ambience in this game, from the fitting and serene music along with the lovely visuals, provice a nice and relaxing playthrough while managing your slime ranch.  You're able to feed your slimes Plort (excrement crystals) to breed your slimes and make cool combinations as well as install useful upgrades to your slime ranch to facilitate life.  Slime ranching has never been so cute and relaxing until now.Super Cute Tabby Slime/10"
76561198190825158,Recommended,433340,34122735,Posted: 9 August,all,✪Dan,"This game really suprised me, i purchased it not expecting alot but got sucked into hours of non stop fun and discovering new ways to do things. Its got like a no mans sky vibe to the different worlds and is just a great game to relieve stress and is fun for hours!"
76561198081656765,Recommended,433340,33129328,Posted: 2 July,all,The Hollow Knight,"How to play the game for beginners:Force feed slimes, harvest their feces, force feed their feces to a different type of slime, harvest both types of slime feces at the same time, profit.10/10 would feed slimes♥♥♥♥♥♥to make more♥♥♥♥♥♥to make money again"
76561198263907731,Recommended,433340,29026113,Posted: 4 January,all,mikicliff,This game is simple and extremely fun. Perfect for relaxing after a hard day.
,Recommended,433340,33165725,Posted: 2 July,all,Lychee,slimy yet satisfying
,Recommended,433340,34498357,Posted: 26 August,all,taylorindi,i know there is a new update but i want some new slimes please and some new arers on the ranch and in the wild please
76561198213332379,Recommended,433340,31852553,Posted: 19 May,all,Baarko,"For an Early Access game, I'm surprised how much it has to offer. Not only does it have a lot of achievements, but it also have the collectible cards lots of steam games have nowadays. I haven't played too many Early Access games, but I haven't encountered an EA game with cars AND achievements. And thats just outside of the game. There are so many slimes you can find and ranch, most having their own favourite type of food (I'm looking at you, pink slime). There are different biomes where you can find different food sources and slimes. Theres slime science where you can make all sorts or teleporters and extractors to collect rare items that you can use for whatever you want. While it can get a bit laggy at times (I have 5 crystal rad slimes in the Grotto area, along with some boom rock slimes, which is probably the source of the lag) but other than that, the game runs very smoothly for me. I do have to use the lowest settings (not safe mode) to get that smooth gameplay, but if it does get laggy, I just suck it up and enjoy the game. I do wish however that the 7zee rewards club prices were a bit lower, and maybe the lvl 3 treasure cracker cotsing 20k instead of 25k (unless the lvl 2 cracker costs 20k, which I don't think it does).Overall, I really enjoy Slime Rancher, and I can't wait for the glass dessert to be released, with all the endgame slimes and food, because all I'm doing right now (on my main save) is grinding up newbucks so i can get the lvl 3 treasure cracker along with finishing the 7zee rewards club.Also one question: After Slime Rancher has left EA, will it still be updated continuously, or will Slime Rancher be done when EA is done?"
76561198087996381,Recommended,433340,23392988,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Crispy,"It's relaxing, fun, and super addicting. I can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,433340,23908409,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pandora's Fox,"everything in this game is adorablegameplay has decent progression (there's no ""best"" way, you can just go with whatever slimes are cutest and you'll still do fine) and there's loads of areas to explore"
,Recommended,433340,32354477,Posted: 11 June,all,•❣Sgt. Mum❣•,If I had to rate this game out of 10 I would give it a 20. Since the more recent updates there was almost nothing to do but farm and explore. Now there's a storyline and even cuter slimes than the puddle slimes! Honestly best game out there.
,Recommended,433340,20549306,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Fawkes MacLeod,"This game is AWESOME! Like many people have said, its very much like a first person 3D harvest moon game. It's lots of fun and really adorable. Often I find myself just staring at the faces of all the slimes when I feed them and enjoy their reactions. I love the amount of exploration and how big your farm can get. Everything looks great and you do feel like you're at home in this world. A big plus is the slimepedia which gives you some lore about the world and its contents, which makes what you're doing even more fun.Only downsides is that it is a very small game at the moment and not very challanging after the first hour. I've played for 4 hours now and have seen and collected everything, though the game is so addicting that the length hasn't stopped me yet. It's a little disappointing, but with the amount of hints there are to new areas, resources, and slimes, I'm still very excited to see whats next.This game has great potential and I'll be keeping my eye on it to make sure I catch every update. Good job with this one!"
76561198195080702,Recommended,433340,26482601,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,( ◡́.◡̀) Rose (^◡^ )🎃,Such an amazing game but i must say more slimes would key fit XD i really do enjoy this game it has so much potential and the community is growing its also very very cute =)
,Recommended,433340,21257525,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Misha,Slime lives matter
,Recommended,433340,24637927,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,RealTehRandomSangheili,i love the tabbys slime they so cute they look like my cat :3 (Sigh) I miss my cats from the old days ;( (Sob)
76561198348598472,Recommended,433340,32334272,Posted: 10 June,all,PIELORDZFOREVA1337,This far most the best game I ever bought.This game is definitely worth buying for. I'll rate it 8/10
76561198272156306,Recommended,433340,25083148,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tydekan,"Great game, and i love the option to lower the graphics to prevent lag. This game is fun to play. it has very good stages of playing, offering better rewards for longer expantion. MUCH GOOD. VERY RECCOMEND."
,Recommended,433340,20634189,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,► Λςh◄,I love how i played the beta/alpha and i still have my world saved ^^Cant wait till new slimes come
,Recommended,433340,20671099,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,CarterThomp,Much Slime. Much Cat. Much Rock. Much Happy. Much Food. Much Good.11 Slimes/10 Slimes
76561198066123209,Not Recommended,433340,33892802,Posted: 29 July,all,Dr. Caesar,"Slime Rancher is cute. It's light hearted and relaxing and has a pretty artstyle. But it's also not finished.The developers have announced the game will go 1.0 within a week, and frankly I don't understand why. The game is not done. It doesn't FEEL done. It feels like the framework for something great is here but they forgot to put in a large chunk of actual content. It's a skeleton game. Strong bones, but it has no meat.If you like just messing around with a sandbox, trying different slime combos, this could be fun. But in terms of actual content it's got less than 10 hours worth, and it's missing several things originally promised would be in the game by launch. For 20 dollars, I don't think it's worth it - I got it at massive discount in the Holiday season. Would I ever buy it at full price? No. Not in a million years.In short: The game is fun, and it has it's pros, but it feels like an unfinished game, not worth the price set on it, despite being pushed to launch."
76561198102007104,Recommended,433340,20959722,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ProSlayer,"This game is fun but, in like 4 or less hours of playing you can get all the money you will ever need in the game and no matter how much stuff they put in the game that will stay the same. So I dont think this game will ever be worth $20. It's more like a $10 dollar game when done I think. It was fun to play but, if I were you don't spend $20 on it"
,Recommended,433340,20860074,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Spooky Cat,"This game is amazing! I love the Tabby Slimes and the atmosphere of the game. I like the upgrade system, you can upgrade your Slime Vac and different kinds of buildings. You can Customize your ranch with Corrals, Chicken coops, Silos, Ponds, and incenterators. You collect money from slimes buy sucking up their poop or plorts. They basically look like gems, and you can use them for upgrades and buying new areas.  There are a lot of different slimes and still more to come. You can explore the planet, and find new slimes. Be careful of Evil Slimes called Tarr. They are very scary and will destroy all your slimes so be careul of them. You can also breed your slimes and make them look cool. The best part about this game is that there is a lot more to come! This game just came out and they will hopefully keep updating it. The worst part about this game is.......hmmm........I cant even come up with the worst part, because there is none. I love everything about this game. Its a unique game and if you are considering about buying it, I highly reccomend you do! Slime Rancher is worth every penny! :)"
76561198276337299,Recommended,433340,21009123,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LupusFidus,Very nice game. Very very cute. Need to watch the superbowl to reclaim my maliness. Played only 7 hours so far and have pretty much been to all areas already and captured everysingle slime that can be captured. So it's kind of short but keep in mind this is still early access. It has a lot of pontential to be a really good game.
76561198048477037,Recommended,433340,30463089,Posted: 11 March,all,Architect,"Bought it because of the positive reviews. Stayed because I honestly enjoyed it. Some are saying its like an antidepressant of a game, and really, it's quite relaxing. I personally wasn't feeling it, and decided to give it a go, and it really alleviated my feelings and all that fun stuff! But enough of that! The game!First impressions: I thought this game seemed kind of silly, childish even. But as I got the hang of it, it actually turned out to be really fun. For the two hours I've played it so far, the learning curve is quite easy! Collect slime, feed slime, get slimes poop and sell it on the market. Easy enough.Mechanics: The primary tool you use is essentially a vaccum. It's pretty simple, right click to suck in slimes/materials, left click to shoot it out. The market (the way you earn money) is pretty easy to understand. It's like the stock market. Every day, the price will change, and different poop is worth different amounts. You have a vender where you can purchase upgrades for your equipment, which is actually worth saving for. There is also a trader, where you can go and give the items that is requested by the seller, and in return you recieve what they're offering. And thats just a few examples of what this game has to offer!It's truly fun and relaxing to play. Colorful and cheerful, with some happy music to go along with it.Although I only have put two hours into this game (at the time of writing this review) I've found it quite fun! Non stop play. There is much more to discover, and you have to only play to discover more!The BreakdownPros:-Colorful, cheerful game-Small learning curve-Plays nicely, feature packed for an alpha.-Runs well on low end computers (I play on a laptop, 50-60fps)-Has a plenty going for it at this point-Fun and simple gameplay, can pick up and play-And much moreCons:-There are a few bugs, but none gamebreaking or even that noticible (sometimes when sucking materials, it just flies everywhere/away from me)-Music gets repetitive-Gameplay can get somewhat repetitive, but with more playtime/updates that is 100% going to change (remember I only have two hours ;p)-Exploration aspect seems somewhat shallow at the moment, further playtime may change thatSuggestions:-Multiplayer: This would be great! Co-op farms, and larger maps and new challenges to support that-Likely going to be implemented, but more maps would be nice! Change of enviroments.-Weather system-Placeable plots, props (fences etc) and foilage would be cool, the ability to make the farm yours.-A companion slime would be a nice touch.-Different tools to collect materials and slimes-Different upgrades, such as faster sucking capabilities (this could tie in with new tools, and could diversify the game)Bear with me, as this is my first ""Big"" review, and it was just a simple first look/first impressions of the game. Thanks for reading! Support the dev and buy this game, lets make it a blast for us all to enjoy. Cheers :)"
,Recommended,433340,20998982,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Naolamahc,"I've been depressed for about two weeks but when I play this game I completely forget what I was upset about. I get distracted by all of the adorable slimes around me and I'm so focused on catching new slimes, making new kinds of slimes and exploring the rest of the map. If you're having a bad time this game can really help, but I suggest that you wait until more updates arrive because once you get so far in the game there isn't much to do anymore.All in all I highly recommend this game, I bet you can't discover all of the slimes before I do! ;P"
,Recommended,433340,24414858,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Raditas,This is both adorable and addicting. I spent hours making little gardens and firing slimes into freshly unlocked areas. Can't wait till this is finished
,Recommended,433340,23864902,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Errorz,"TL;DR, If you want a game to fool around in for a few hours to have fun, this is a perfect game worthy of it's price tag.If you love management games as much as I do, you'll love this game. At first it'll seem like there isn't a lot to do, but as you open more areas, find new slimes, and buy more upgrades, it quickly becomes apparent that this game already has enough to warrant the $20 price tag while in early access. Even though I bought it while it was on sale, it's certainly worth the full price.It's also a great game in terms of experimentation. Finding out that you can only fuse two different kinds of Slimes together, and trying to fuse three, only to have them turn into evil Slimes who then devour your entire farm is a nice learning experience, and that's just one example. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,433340,23991141,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Roman,This is a great game especially for it being a work in progress :) Runs great and its so fun.
,Recommended,433340,21334953,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Eeveecraft,"This... This is a simple, lovable game; there should be more games like it. Starting as a simple rancher, hunting for the newbucks on the Far Far Range. Such a charming way to start a game, with it's lovely bonuses, and slight drawbacks. One simple bonus of this game is the sheer vibe of joy and cute slimes; personally, this a game to relax the player with happiness. Yet, the price for a early-alpha game is a little too steep, as most Early-Access games are (For some reason.) After discovering all that is to offer, there isn't much; it's a skeleton, or baby of a game. Once it gets updated a bit more, the price would make more sense. It seems a little funny that the developers allow you to explore locked or blocked off areas with the jetpack; I do believe that it's a little broken. Nontheless, a cheery, calm, and ranch-style game helps with anger, or just to cheer the player up on a bad day! So, I do recommend with game, but it is still in it's baby stages, and the price should be lowered for that reason. Otherwise, it'd be great to support this game, and watch it blossom into a gaming phenomonon."
,Recommended,433340,30435030,Posted: 10 March,all,Long Username,THIS GAME IS AMAZINGThe worst and in my opinion the only con is no multiplayer
,Recommended,433340,32677411,Posted: 23 June,all,erel CSGObounty.com skinhub.com,"Really awsome game, Love it!Im just sad there isnt a co-op cuz that would be even more awsome!"
,Recommended,433340,32839335,Posted: 26 June,all,shockadinky,"so, so, so relaxing. and honestly you can't even be mad at the slimes even when they try to eat your chickens because they have the cutest little faces. the developers put a lot of time & effort into making it awesome & it shows. it's going off of early access soon so now is the perfect time to buy it."
,Recommended,433340,28732159,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Floof Bear,Very addictive and well worth the money!
,Recommended,433340,32259483,Posted: 7 June,all,IAteYourKitKat,It is a really cute and fun game I think it found be a fun family friendly game and kid friendly to I also wanted to say if they could put Multiplayer in if that is possible
76561197970751364,Recommended,433340,32942190,Posted: 28 June,all,Punkindonuts,i cannot wait for 1.0.0!4
,Recommended,433340,32954359,Posted: 28 June,all,ProbablyElliott,"Awesome game, with an awesome art style.Plus the developers continue to update and provide feedback to the community unlike other early access titles"
,Recommended,433340,32977676,Posted: 29 June,all,ケプリ -Khepri-,"-WARNING-The following review wilL POSSIBLY be longfor sure, so if you are the lazy kind of nerd which don't like reading, then... WELCOME!!stay if you wantI bought this game since the very beginning of its early access, watching it grow with its beautiful updates as time was passing by. Now I think its more than quite the appropiate moment for it to give it the well-deserved review.Slime Rancher, is an opennot so openworld farming game which your only goal is discover and farm slimes while you're exploring the surroundings and... getting rich by selling... their*sigh*""poop""There's not much story about the game: you play as the-not-yet-seen Beatrix LeBeau, a rancher whichby the looks of itmoves on to a planet... or place, or dimension, or street or whatever, to fullfill her/his/its dream to become a happily hella-full-of-cash rancher, leaving everyone that knows behind... and that's it. The rest of the story is told as you progress on the game ._.-PROS-- GRAPHIC OPTIONS (personal): the game has many graphic option to give you the optimal enjoyment of gameplay. Your computer is a kind-of-literal potato? DON'T WORRY, the game has the Lowest grapich option... in case of your computer turns into a baked potato even with the lowest grapichs then you have a problem- REALLY GOOD ATMOSPHERE: never saw a sand ocean before? Well, good news! This game has an enourmous sand ocean you can get DROWNED by and a desert who acts as a volcano out of a sudden and spits TONS of fire columns, making you cry and running around in circles for your life...yaaaaaaaay- VARIETY OF SLIMES: tired of the common pink and rock slimes? NO PROBLEM! You can risk your life trying to look for new types of slimes; there are slimes that explodes right on your face, radioactive slimes, slimes made out of honey... QUANTUM AND HUNTER. SLIMES!!!(one teleports and leaves an hologram to fool you and the other one turns invisible :D)- SLIME SCIENCE (enough said)- NO ONE DIES (except theTarr, which dies withwater): yeah, as you heard, neither you or your slimes dies, not even by strarving!! :O(unless you throw your slimes into an incinerator, you BRAINLESS MONSTER!! >:l)- SOUNDTRACK: the game has different songs for every different place you visit, so you won't have to cover you ears by listening the same melodies for way too much time :D- EXOTIC. FOOD: never saw a spiked pear? or a mango with mint flavor? Slime Rancher makes that possible, baby ♥- FROM RANCHER TO BOUNTY HUNTER: there are pods hidden all around the updated locations the game, look for them to get fancy items and accessories to customize your ranch whenever you want :D-CONS--DON'T. THROW YOURSELF. AT. THE SEA: you won't die by doing that, but it will take you directly back home in addition that you will lose EVERYTHING you had on your inventory. So if you have valuabe items, food or slimes on and they really cost you to get them:DON'T PLAY YOURSELF THE BRAVE, KID, unless you have no important things to do and lots, LOTS of iron patience to look for them again (some thing delay to re-appear anyway)- THEI HAVE EVERYTHINGISSUE: it's pretty funnyand FRUSTRATING sometimesto look for slimes, food or items for the Slime Science thing, but, what to do next when you have literally EVERYTHING?! I gets pretty boring after that, doing the same stuff like feeding the slimes, collecting their ""poop"" and sell it, harvest food, etc, etc,  ETC. until you wait for the next update to add something new *sigh*-(I haven't had any technical/optimization/gameplay/running issue, so that's why I didin't put any con of that kind)-FINAL VEREDICT-Slime Rancher is aworth/must buygame, it will grant you HOURS of fun and happines and SLIMES (most of all slimes) if you are the kind of gamers who likes exploring farming and all that stuff... If you're not of that kind of gaming, go back to your Gears of War, you savage!"
,Recommended,433340,33037448,Posted: 30 June,all,Tesla,"adorable, relaxing game. it helps my anxiety while playing. 10/10"
,Recommended,433340,33059807,Posted: 30 June,all,Fight Milk,They slimed me.
,Recommended,433340,32045232,Posted: 29 May,all,Leggy the sexy vampire,"I know that I'm in love with this adorable little game. It's very addicting, I can't go a day without it."
,Recommended,433340,23973381,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arcana [Fuck 7.0.0 Dota 2],"Slime Rancher is 10 hours of gameplay. The price is too steep but I enjoyed the 10 hours entirely.A couple of Ideas are to, firstly, optimize the game. I have to play on the lowest setting to force my my mouse to match the character movement.+Add customization to character.+Add Lootable crates with weapons/suits.+Add room customization+Add Lootable crates with Plushies/Paintings/Furniture+Add Pets Cows,pigs,chickens/ or slime pets with cute suits.+Add construction or skills like mining/slime hunting/Bouncy ability.+Add Port fusing station/ calming potion for explosive slimes/ redioactive potion to counter radioactive slime.+Add more slots for items.+Add a General bank that can store small quantity of items. Mostly fruits/ veggies/ and meat.+Add Lootable crates with rare Vac upgrades.+Add Rainbow port, rainbow gun, rainbow slime, rainbow suit, rainbow cuteness everywhere.+Add Ability to become slime(s).I wouldn't recommend for the price but I would reccomend for the fun."
,Recommended,433340,23256045,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ris,Got to enslave slimes and use them for my own economical use while enjoying it.11/10
,Recommended,433340,22805418,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DewKing,"Very calming yet fun gameplay of collecting and trading, all while in the company of some cute slime friends."
,Recommended,433340,21678356,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Toasty,Played this way too much for it being in Alpha. It's so good. Just super relaxing and chill.
,Recommended,433340,28177622,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ladypants mcgee,"Cute and light game. It's fun to roam around, vacuuming up everything! The vacuum mechanics and the noises everything makes (slimes spawning, changing, pooping, etc.) are really satisfying. I discovered just about everything available right now in roughly 15 hours, and I'm a fairly thorough, achievement-chasing slowpoke.There are some bottlenecks that get a little frustrating, like having to manually turn in plorts the *entire* game. When your ranch is super-efficient, it's needlessly time consuming. Also, there's nothing to do with all your cashmoneys once the Slime Science area blueprints are all purchased.The game was worth buying just to poke around and explore. Once it's officially released, I'll probably come back to my slime ranch and see what's new. The team seems to be working quickly to balance and add content, so that's a good sign."
,Recommended,433340,21382861,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,xLightningFire,"I finished all the game had to offer within 5 hours. Keep in mind though that this is still an extremely new game and that there is still MUCH to be released. It says early access for a reason, so keep that in mind as you formulate your opinion on the game. Personally, I thoroughly enjoyed it, maybe a little pricey at $20, but definitely enjoyed the game for what it is so far!"
76561198129237674,Recommended,433340,22200385,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Album Atrum,Slime adorability level over 9000.
76561198028281952,Recommended,433340,21366805,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Obsessive,I am enjoying the game. Only downside that im seeing is that its lacking in an objective to accomplish like hopefully later on a new area in the world will open up where you can move your farm to and start up again or maybe even a minigame set up to where you can play with other people online and compete with a particular slime of yoursthat you want to nurture the most almost like chaos in Sonic 2 battle ya know what im saying? the game would be so much more eventfull and i would definitaly recommend it to all of my friends!
,Recommended,433340,21425097,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,edzik_fianna_ie,"Between work and college I have very little life left. Now I have none whatsoever. This game is so damn cute, relaxing and addictive.All it needs is few more updates and more areas to explore."
,Recommended,433340,28745730,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BubbleS,"Puddle. Pink. Boom. Phosphorus. My grandmother used to tell me stories about the old days, a time of peace when the Slimes kept balance between the Puddle Tribes, Pink Kingdom, Boom Nation, and Phosphorus Nomads. But that all changed when the Tar Tar Nation attacked. Only the Gold Slime mastered the plort elements. Only he could stop the ruthless Tar Tars. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years have passed and the Tar Tar Nation is nearing victory in the War. Two years ago, my father and the men of my tribe journeyed to the Pink Kingdom to help fight against the Tar Tar Nation, leaving me and my brother to look after our tribe. Some people believe that the Gold Slime was never reborn into the Phosphorus Nomads, and that the cycle is broken. But I haven't lost hope. I still believe that somehow, the Gold Slime will return to save the world."
,Recommended,433340,29369500,Posted: 19 January,all,Witchfire76,"I had seen the let's plays of this game for a while and was addicted to watching them. I finally decided to buy the game for myself and am enjoying it quite a bit. It's an adorable little time passer, and while I'm not ""super good"" at it, it helps me relax and it's fun to collect all of the little slimes."
76561198304985029,Recommended,433340,26067857,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SlimeZ_G,I love this game and really enjoy the dangers of meating the tars. it really gives a kick to the game. I would love if you added a multiplayer option to play with your friends on Steam.
76561198041983606,Recommended,433340,27020258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArkasRift,Addicting and adorable.  The game still is in beta but its one of the most addicting games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,433340,23999337,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kuga,"If anyone needs a short description to know what this game is, its famville 3.0 but with absolutely adorable slimes and graphics in the place of ugly cows and crops. Seriously, this game had me hooked for the 8 hours it took for me to finish what is currently available in the game. Tired of the grey, too realistic graphics of FPS games and need a change? Slime rancher here to the rescue! 10/10 game and i hope those updates come out faster :D"
,Recommended,433340,23923887,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Swalty,"-Get slimes-Leave them die-Get chickens, they die-Blow them up, you die.11/10Best pet killing simulator 2k16"
,Recommended,433340,23793721,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KJ Nightmarez,"So far the most fun of an Eatly Access game ive ever had would have to be this right here. Hands down amazing.PROSedit the ranch to your likingmake new slimes using 2 of themfarm different stuff to feed themlots of place to explorea few types of slimes to find and farmhave to use meat, fruit, and veggies for food instead just 1 simple oneCONSthe slime creation is limited to only a 2 breed type....i cant find any more bad things about the game :Djust do your self a favor and buy it, you will love it"
76561198027204966,Recommended,433340,23846616,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,minaoi,"Slime Rancher is an incredibly cute game with a unique concept. The visuals are great and the gameplay itself is a lot of fun. However, since the game is in it's early stages it is a bit lacking in content.Buying this game right now is more of an investment for whats to come. Slime Rancher has a lot of potential and it can only improve in the future. Would definitely recommend playing."
76561198261606569,Recommended,433340,21954698,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Xeno,Fun game
76561198174423546,Recommended,433340,21186042,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cltra | Farmskins.com,"Really fun game all around, but just some things to look at (yes i know its early access:1) Add more stuff to keep someone occupied while taking care of slimes2) Multiplayer item exchange but only unlockable for a lot of coins3) More of an open world feel4) Random disasters that can happenJust some things but overall really good game! I personally have 26,000 coins and it is really fun so try it out!"
,Recommended,433340,21087573,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,KMo,"Although I'm recommending this game, there is currently not enough content to warrant $20. The dev is planning more content and eventually it will be easily worth its pricetag but it is currently not. I would wait until it's on sale for $10 before purchasing.However, I encourage supporting the developer in any way possible and if that means purchasing at $20, then please do!Pros:- Exceptionally smooth gameplay- Easy to pick up and play; Easy to learn- Cute, clean, and consistent art style- Story/Premise makes sense- Farming/Market interface is completely functional and streamlined- For a 0.XX build, the existing content is still solid- More to do than just farm and sell (Feeding huge slimes, finding keys to unlock next area, combat, completing ""dailies,"" etc.)- Slime combo system is a great conceptCons:- Lack of content- Some mechanics feel static (Automated farm tools that feed slimes don't adjust to how many are in the pen)- Vacuuming specific targets can be tediousFinal Score:Base Game: 9/10With Content: 6/10"
76561198124734994,Recommended,433340,20866950,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kawaii Blob,cute and fun but i do advise waiting for more content now the base is there they need to add the content but get it when there is more to do great game so far hope for more good stuff :)
76561198124218390,Recommended,433340,20879581,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Protectorofjam,It's fun
,Recommended,433340,21004270,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Siberian Wolf,SO CUTE CAN I HUG THEM ALL!?
,Recommended,433340,20611568,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sheepleat,"I always loved the Minecraft Slimes, and I hated that I had to kill them. With this, I finally can farm slimes! I love this game. It's so happy and cute <3Edit 25-9Many new areas have been added, and some existing ones have been changed a little.Overall I still really love this game. The gameplay is easy, the graphics are good, nice music, and best of all, the slime sounds. I love them <3"
,Recommended,433340,28874964,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Unibubble,"This game is like nothing i've seen before. It is very casual, not a lot can go wrong, but it's still very fun and addicting. So what you do is you go out into the wild and find slimes, then bring them back to your ranch and create little pens for them. The gameplay is also unique. By feeding the slimes you collect, they drop little gems called plorts. You trade in the plorts for  money at a little online market thing. This is cool because #1 less common slimes drop plorts worth more money and #2 the market has a feature where prices will fall and rise depending on how many plorts you have cashed in recently. You can use the money you make by building better farms, silos, and pens. Or you use it to upgrade your health, carrying capacity, or energy meter.The graphics are cel shaded, so they remind me a lot of gamecube era games, like Wind Waker especially. Everything looks cute, and has a specific art style that I love. The areas you can explore are very wide, and there is a lot to do in them.My only complaint is that there is not enough variety in slimes after you have played for awhile, also I think the world needs to be a little larger. As you can see, i'm about 10 hours into the game, and i'm starting to run out of things to do. The game is still in early access though, and I think that the $20 is well worth your money."
76561198062727354,Recommended,433340,21431740,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MWMWMWMW,"I love this game it's so much fun. Not a lot of content yet, but for all there is it's god tier."
,Recommended,433340,32631168,Posted: 21 June,all,p00b,This game is amazing.  Makes me feel like a kid again.  SO CUTE IT MAKES ME WANT TO DIE SO PLS BUY THIS GAME!!
76561197993544280,Recommended,433340,30479665,Posted: 12 March,all,Spricket,No review. I just wanted to leave a thumbs up for a game that's eaten my life. This early access game has 10x the content of a lot of finished products.
,Recommended,433340,33018366,Posted: 29 June,all,Bike Lock,I really get lost in games like this. I can't wait for this game to fe finished!!
,Recommended,433340,33018173,Posted: 29 June,all,A1monds,best game ever adorable slimes tight controls gr8 currency
76561198271975846,Recommended,433340,33018037,Posted: 29 June,all,Sensociopath,Cutest game to ever exist...almost 100 hours of non-stop slime parties!
,Recommended,433340,30419108,Posted: 9 March,all,Hentai Hime,"Who doesn't love collecting cute lil balls of slime's poop for money?One of the best early access games I've played. It started off pretty small with a very basic setup, but as time's gone by and I've watched the world and game itself grow it keeps getting better. I anticipate every single upadate that comes out, not know what new things are going to add to the adventure. Monami Park really just keep upping this game with every update.Slime Rancher is a super chill, relaxing game, that I can easily sink hours on end into, without getting bored. There always feels like there's something to do in this cute world, aside from just collecting adorable poop.I've spent too many hours just happily managing, without even leaving the ranch..."
,Recommended,433340,32374278,Posted: 12 June,all,Froggo | kickback.com,"This game has quickly become one of my favorites. The beautiful scenery and upbeat music help give this game a relaxed atmosphere, but life on the ranch is not so calm. It seems as though there is no time for exploration while you run about on the ranch, but once you get things set up, the wonderful world of Slime Rancher opens up for you. The locations in Slime are very deverse, like the thick jungles of The Moss Blanket or the rocky terrian of The Indigo Quarry. Exploration is a blast but returning to the ranch late at night still feels like home. I have seen no other game able to combine the rushed life of a ranch with a beautiful exploration aspect. This game never gets old, wether its capturing the next slime, or finding a way to unlock the next area. There are also many suprises and hidden spots for you to enjoy."
,Recommended,433340,33834338,Posted: 27 July,all,M to the C,"this game doesnt seem liike very much, or could become easily boringI have reset and replayed more then 6 times, it does not get boring for me atleastits adorable and mindlessly fun you can easily play for hoursThere is a lot of farming but thats what the game is, ranching. Theres a variaty of places to go and upgrades to get to keep you occupied all the time, plus new miners and extractors in the update give you more to do then ever.If I were to give it a number I would say 9/10The only thing that I would like is more slots to hold things and more upgrades for your gun"
76561198142404675,Recommended,433340,33851534,Posted: 28 July,all,Conkery,"Slime Rancher is such a cute game with many little secrets.It is really funny to explore the whole world with different species of slimes.I hope really that game will be more grow, more areas, and more slimesIt is not really a challange, it is like a farm game with slimes."
76561198113751219,Recommended,433340,32844954,Posted: 27 June,all,Grey,I started playing and then wow its midnight and i had a blast its like antidepressants for the soul.
76561198028363291,Recommended,433340,29350804,Posted: 18 January,all,💎💖lookintothelight💖💎,"Ok i would like to say i recommend this game because 1. there are cute slimes 2. lots of stuff to do and more to be added 3. updates are big and bring more stuff and fun 4. You have to sell poop that can provide for humans such as the Honey Plort 5. The chicks that are later used for meat unless it is a roostro that is not being fed to any slimes or even hen hens for that matter but then sooner or later they will be meat when they get older and no other use 6. the gordos are cute even if they are much bigger 7. you want to be radiated by the rad slime because it is also cute except the dangerous part 8. crop game as well with gardens to grow veggies and/or fruits.But now we go to feedback and/or suggestions 1. i do want chicks to spend more time in the egg before they become a chickadoo maybe take time off them being a chickadoo and put it in them being in the egg for more than 3 seconds 2. i need more expansions in the area my place is full and yes grotto, overgrowth and slime science HQ are all full.I do recommend this game 9/10 that is just me and if you buy it you won't regret it i guarantee it and if you do there is always the steam refund for under 2 hours if higher you do enjoy and thank you for taking the time to read this and i love it so much."
,Recommended,433340,34009050,Posted: 3 August,all,Damocles,"Absolutely beautiful and very well designed. I would buy it again for twice the price.At first it appears childish, but has wonderful complexities and hidden depths, beyond what the target audience appears to be.The art and character design is wonderful, the music and ambient sound draws you into the game. The well-written email and message based background story ties the world and the character together wonderfully. The added in-game wiki and tutorials mean that you can get more depth and understanding of the interaction between in-game elements and turn your grind into a great experiment. The only thing that would bring me up short is the distance between game locations - the game seems to suffer slighly by the over-extension of the world so that it takes longer to do anything as you spend so much time walking between your farming elements as well as through the world.As someone who generally plays AAA games and open world explorers, I wholely recommend it. Five stars - no joke."
,Recommended,433340,34024680,Posted: 4 August,all,<SVAGA> I-Eat-Animals,Slime Rancher is the best game ever made for when you just want some peace and quiet.
,Recommended,433340,30480130,Posted: 12 March,all,chrislo27,Simple yet addictive gameplay. I keep my Elder Roostros and Hens in their own corral like a retirement home.
,Recommended,433340,27343061,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kotetsu,slime
76561198126297596,Recommended,433340,34103093,Posted: 8 August,all,DevelopedMadness,"When i bought this game i didnt really know what to expect other than ranching slimes, so i loaded up the game and started exploring and having a good time but about 5 hours in i got bored and it didnt really seem like it was going anywhere so i decided i'd try to get a refund because 20 bucks isnt worth 5 hours of fun to me. I couldn't get a refund because i played to long so i decided to play it all the way through since i bought it and all, and i gotta say i am so glad that i did. i never write reviews but the this game had me completly speechless and i felt like i had to. its so simplistic yet says so much and the ending was so profound that after seeing it i feel like i can do so much with my life i just never thought i would have to play a game about slimes to realize that.10/10 couldn't recommend it enough. never been so happy to not get my money back"
76561198305528280,Recommended,433340,34101927,Posted: 8 August,all,SamtheSkeleton1116,This game is the most adorable thing I have ever played.
,Recommended,433340,34106289,Posted: 8 August,all,FlippinShoes,"A great, fun, silly little game. Hours of content: exploration, collecting, building up your ranch, and seeing just what kind of crazy slimes you can create."
76561198039786698,Recommended,433340,21257426,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rayofpandas,A great farming game you go around collecting slimes and currency. Fun and family oriented game where you can put lot's of hours into this game.
,Recommended,433340,20798565,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Valid,"I was going to go to bed 2 hours ago, but then I started playing this game. It's addicting and I need MORE!!! Can't wait for the full version to release!"
,Recommended,433340,21488184,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GhostEnder98,"OMG This is the Most addicting game I have ever played, the Graphics are Awesome,The Soundtrack is awesome as well, there is so much Slimes to Discover and Lots of Places to discover, this is (for me) the best game of 2017 that I have played, and for $20, it is Worth the Pickup, the Devs did an Amazing Job with this game, 10/10"
76561198069711532,Recommended,433340,34129544,Posted: 9 August,all,redbrick,Always puts a smile on my face when I play this.
,Recommended,433340,32798117,Posted: 25 June,all,An Indifferent Good Boy,damn...10/10 highly reccomend
76561198355048351,Recommended,433340,32797193,Posted: 25 June,all,Crystified,"I bought this game solely for the cute graphics and overwhelmingly positive reviews. A casual, stress free game (until your slimes start to bounce around, escape and wreck havoc around your farm), Slime Rancher has incrediblely adorable characters and a fun exploration element to the game. However,  as with anything in early access, there are some cons to the game- There is no mini map, or any map at all. As a fairly new player, having a map would be extremely helpful in exploring the different parts of the world. Perhaps the developers wanted exploration to be part of the game? If so, i would recommend a hidden map where parts will show up once you've discovered it. It might be a personal problem but my sense of direction isn't all that great...so wondering around while trying to remember certain landmarks was (and still is) fairly difficult for me- Be aware of motion sickness, again, this might be a personal issue, but i find if i play the game for more than 45min without looking around, i'll start to feel nauseated. I believe this has to do with the fact that it's a first person vacuuming game that requires a lot of jerking around left, right, up, down. If you're used to this kind of POV, you should be fine. But as someone who mainly plays 2D, 3rd person games, this was a little unsettling for my stomache.- growing stuff is too easy, no water, just pop it in and grow 50 morePLEASE NOTE, i'm only on like day 12 of the game, by no means an expert. However, i have enjoyed playing the game (despite the nauseating feeling i get from it, which btw should be testament as to how much i enjoy the game)."
,Recommended,433340,33105579,Posted: 1 July,all,Sansberry-Chan,found kitty slime.captured kitty slime.he booped me in the nose.got an achivement.tarr slime came and ate him.killed tarr slime.cried for a few hours.
76561198417151982,Recommended,433340,34605355,Posted: 30 August,all,lbhdragon,"Very cute, but it needs some sort of multiplayer. 9/10"
,Recommended,433340,20677059,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,River,"A great, fun game that one could just kill lots of time playing. If you're unsure if this game is for you look at some videos on youtube, it's what I did. The graphics just make me happy to look at, it sounds and runs great. I cannot really find a flaw in this game. I'm going to be playing it for hours to come."
,Recommended,433340,34593964,Posted: 29 August,all,Spartan-,this game is the bestbuy it nowsrsly what are you doing down here go up and BUY IT
,Recommended,433340,34777660,Posted: 6 September,all,Danielosw,I love this game although I get nerves easily and go back home at night. But at the slime science barn thing the frames drop quite a bit (might just be my save since iv had it when overgrowth was new).Great cute game! 8/10
,Recommended,433340,34174281,Posted: 11 August,all,❤ Katja Pegasus ❤,"This is a cute game which is fun to play, there's alot to explore. Places, slimes, other creatures and fruits. I didn't notice any bugs or glitches yet (except it's crashing alot after the update, please fix it) and I wish it to have multiplayer."
,Recommended,433340,29414812,Posted: 21 January,all,Hoz,One of the best games I've ever played!! Extremely recomended!!!
,Recommended,433340,33357699,Posted: 7 July,all,Spoopy Diana,"Great game to just go and play when you're feeling stressed out about life and its problems. Slimes are nice and I love them, really calming except when there's a tarr chasing after you. All in all 10/10"
76561198110812201,Recommended,433340,32558771,Posted: 18 June,all,Envliy,so cuuuuute
76561198200594527,Recommended,433340,34403884,Posted: 21 August,all,Tigergirl1249,Slime Ranchor is a fun game. But it depends on the person and what type of games you like.
76561198145422996,Recommended,433340,30466004,Posted: 12 March,all,lufialunar,"Great game for all ages. Its challenge level is... Child level most of the time. there's very few areas that require more skill like jumping over chasm's with your jet pack till its about 3/4 gone. This game is very forgiving for making mistakes. well most of the time. The tutorial is very basic, giving you most of what you need. The rest you must learn through trial and error.Ran into a gold slime, i was like oh yeah, need to grab it, so i ejected some resources to try and grab it, and poof its gone. after leaving a single plort, i then got a message in my slimepedia that you can't capture those. The same with the Lucky slimes. Only reason i know i found a lucky slime since it was totally different then the rest of its kind, so i did the same thing with the gold slime ejected my resources away this time instead of just spamming the button. I then tried to suck it in to my Vacpac but it wouldnt go in... then it went poof. since then I havent seen either the gold or the ""lucky"" slime, Btw it looked like a crossbreed between the japanese beckoning cat and a slime lol so im assuming thats the lucky sime lol.Games very good on a management scale. Time management not so much. By day 7 My character never went back to bed. there was just so much to do, I feel bad that my character hasnt slept in 10 days. You eventually get so much money that you have no idea what to do, caught all the slimes you want to have, or able to have.To progress in the game you need to find these FAT slimes called gordo slimes, to get slime keys. that open up new areas or makes a loop to existing areas.Only got startled once in this game, and that was a hunter slime in the water as i was exploring underwater popped out at me.Enemies in the game are few, the biggest danger is water and your own slimes you raise, lookng at you radbomb slime lol.One thing that I would like to see is more space on your ranch. Your ranch can only harbor so many structures, and most of mine are gardens (these grows food). This limits what you can build since there are lots of things to build and only so many spot for them.Gardens have this weird quirk that they can only grow so many crops, like three cycles or so. You cant start a new crop until the next cycle even though nothings growing on it. So its grow Crop/fruit 3 times, then nothing happens for in game time 12 hours, then you can put in another crop to start the cycle all over again. Those ingame 12 hours, is alot of time for you to accidently feed your slime with it and have no more of that crop to start the garden again. then you have to go out and find the crop/fruit your looking for so you can have your garden making the right stuff lolThe game price of 20$ is not worth it since there is still very little content. if the games on sale then it might be. I'm still looking forward to updates that might enhance this experiance. Game might be really good if you want a safe game for children."
76561198367088055,Recommended,433340,35134157,Posted: 22 September,all,JGACrafters,Very fun and runs well on almost any pc. I play on a MacBook Air and I am still able to enjoy this game. Definitely recommend it.
76561198374115191,Recommended,433340,35254139,Posted: 27 September,all,AtomBombKatie,"One of the cutest games I have ever seen! Hope there's a way to tame one Tarr in the future, I think they're super cute"
,Recommended,433340,28724428,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kiki Kalani,"I really like this game so far, I had a few complaints but considering its early acess I'm assuming they will be addressed since it is fairly obvious things.My only real major issue is that I have yet to find a fox-themed slime.Edit: Figured I would make sure to let people know, since its no longer early access, yeah, game is still great!"
,Recommended,433340,20982950,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GothicCorpse,Cute game kinda reminds me a bit of harvest moon worth checking out
,Recommended,433340,30861699,Posted: 31 March,all,Adam XYZ,"Love this game, cute, simple, and just a nice way to kick back and play a game without any worries in the world. :D9/10"
,Recommended,433340,21493789,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Saint IGNUcius,Racial Segragation Simulator 2016
,Recommended,433340,32449640,Posted: 15 June,all,Mosaic,"Slime Rancher: One of the cutest games ever.I bought it back in version 0.2.0, and have loved it ever since.Now we're at version 0.6.0, and it's almost complete.It's come a long way from it's humble beginnings back in 2015, and I would say it's grown better with age. aLOTbetter."
,Recommended,433340,33724113,Posted: 22 July,all,guerilla724,very addictive and keep up the great work!
,Recommended,433340,21415480,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nate252,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leZ91SaGIQE&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,433340,21041275,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Skitty,Oh my god I can't even with this game IT'S SO ♥♥♥♥ING CUTE PLEASE.
,Recommended,433340,28739361,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Magdalena Lee,"You will like this one if you :1. Like cute things2. are animu wibs3. are not animu wibs4. are tired of war, blood, and guns and zombies5. like harvestmoon series6. breathe7. don't have friends to play other games with, like me most of the time8. like suckingslimeswith yourvacpack9. are a littlefarmer lady10.have bought itso yes, go buy. I dare you to buy it full price because it is worth every single cent. This early access game is more finished than most finished games out there.Future ideas : storyline, NPC, town/city where you can buy supplies. Personally, I don't mind if this game ends up becoming very much like harvestmoon."
76561198309676841,Recommended,433340,26425758,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ruckcan508,add a under water  suit in slime science so we can use matirials to make it and go under the slime sea and with that add under water slimes like a shark slime and under water corals to put diffrent underwater slimes in
,Recommended,433340,20736573,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MrRespect,It's a fun and addicting game. Also it's a great way to pass time
,Recommended,433340,20699988,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Directfurball,This game is amazing glad it's been updated10/10 can't wait for more updates
,Recommended,433340,30420921,Posted: 9 March,all,lemonquist,my dog likes the noises the slimes make.
76561198304759998,Recommended,433340,23447809,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Austilian_420x,Great relaxing game fun to play and cant wait to see more updates for new slimes and new adventures
,Recommended,433340,33132759,Posted: 2 July,all,No Me Gusta ☭,"Good Game, cute slimes, in-depth gameplay, simple, lots of exploring10/10Help me im dying from Cute Radiation!"
,Recommended,433340,21293563,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sassy,"I rarely buy early access games, and even more rarely do I review them, Slime Rancher is only the third early access game I have purchased, and is probably the most impressive one to date.The game as it is right now runs extremely well - I've had no gamebreaking glitches, a single crash (likely my own fault), and absolutely no graphical or AI issues.Considering this is the developers first project, I have to say I'm highly impressed - you can tell a lot of work has gone into the game thus far, and I'm looking forward to seeing where the updates take us.The content right now, as expected of early access games, is limited - you can complete the objectives currently available within a few hours. The only thing you can really do past that is continue to explore and gather slimes, and buy a few neat upgrades for your vac and farm, but even despite the lack of things to do it can still be incredibly fun to just open the game, feed your slimes, and explore a bit.People aren't lying when they say this game is a feel-good game either, I've been on depression meds for 14 years and this game is more effective in minutes than any of my meds have been in years.What can I say though, I have a huge weak spot for cute♥♥♥♥♥♥ and these slimes are really ♥♥♥♥ing adorable.  If I die, it's probably because my heart couldn't handle the tabby slimes."
,Recommended,433340,21664840,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Destroyerdave,It is so fun to play
,Recommended,433340,21515583,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FANTASMASTICGUY,THIS IS ANTIDEPRESSANTS LACED WITH NICOTINE HELP I AM AN ADDICT
,Recommended,433340,21533815,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kaze,I love this game. My husband even loves it. He steals my laptop just to play it. I can't wait for this game to be finished. I am so excited.
76561198134797014,Recommended,433340,20722884,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spookity,if you want to buy the game make sure you have a good computer because i dont and its realy laggybut that my fault
,Recommended,433340,20904331,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,boosummers,"Very cute game, lots of fun exploring and finding new slimes and food. The Tarrs are a nice feature that adds some difficulty and risk to the game lol"
,Recommended,433340,33149165,Posted: 2 July,all,NotThePinkKirby,"I only just got the game and I haven't played it much but wow. Even for an Early Access game, there's quite a bit to it. As long as you're not feeding your slimes every other day, there's a lot to explore, from caves filled with exploding and radioactive slimes to forests filled with cat slimes! And the Tarr aren't too hard to deal with as long as you know how to get rid of them.If you like a good, calming game which you can open up and play when you have a bit of spare time, I reccommend this. As long as you don't get addicted and play all night."
,Recommended,433340,23508359,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jorjimodels,"This game is amazing. There is so much to do; You can collect a huge amount of slimes, you can mix slimes to make new ones, you can farm, you can feed the giant slimes to get keys which can unlock new areas, etc. My only complaint would be that it has recently crashed a few times (but that might just be my PC).Even though it is an Early Access game, it's totally worth buying and playing now."
76561198150507907,Recommended,433340,30473989,Posted: 12 March,all,Cakin_Hugo,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198396614019,Recommended,433340,34490646,Posted: 25 August,all,IndigoFerret,not really much to do after you complete it but i love it
,Recommended,433340,34486539,Posted: 25 August,all,d.olivaresreed,Highly additive and lots of fun!
,Recommended,433340,21376798,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kiju,"(Review made as of 4.7 Hours Played / February 21, 2016)I've seen enough Anime to know where this is going.Only... I really didn't. Okay, I've seen people play this game on YouTube, and I thought ""What the heck, I'll try it."" Seems I made the right choice, although I really do hope that there is more to expand upon in later updates.For right now, what you get for your money is a game that lets you build some corrals within which you get to keep a bunch of little slimes that give you ""plorts"" that you can exchange for money. Which lets you build more corrals. Which gets you more plorts and... okay, you get the idea.The graphics as a whole are really simplistic with the whole cellshaded look that seems to be a standard with Steam-based Early Access Games. Not that I'm complaining about this fact; the graphics as a whole are simple but beautiful, setting the mood entirely within the first second that you boot up the game and load into your burgeoning Slime Ranch.The music is along the same lines as the graphics: simple guitar music, a little bit of a wind section, and then you add in the atmosphere provided by the silly little noises that the slimes make, and you get a really enjoyable and relaxing experience. Sure there's these evil slimes called the Tarr that make the music get all dangerous-sounding, but that's about as dark and gloomy as you will ever get when playing this game. Maybe they will add more enemies in later updates, I'm not sure.There is some complexity to the game, though I have a feeling that the developers stressed the importance of simplicity and ease of play - making it easy for both ""casual"" and ""hardcore"" gamer crowds to pick it up and start playing like a pro as soon as they get through about ten minutes of play. You vacuum up slimes, store them in corrals, and feed them their favorite food. You can upgrade the corrals to let you hold more and keep them all safe and secure, and you can also have corrals in different areas in order to allow for different species of slimes to live contently, but that's as deep as things get.However, this causes a lack of depth for players that can and will sit and play it for hours. I've almost put in five hours and I've already filled up every single corral with money-making slimes. Sure the exploration is nice, but as of right now there seems to be a very linear path that the developers have set up for us, with little sections cordoned off. Possibly for later updates?"
,Recommended,433340,21416967,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Draven,The slimes are so adorable that I keep coming back even though there's not much to the game yet. I'm looking forward to seeing more updates!
76561197967335283,Recommended,433340,33957674,Posted: 1 August,all,AlienPoo,This game makes me slime my pants.
76561198253576018,Recommended,433340,22208180,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Super Charged,"This game is amazing, play it and prove me wrong, or see why im right :3"
76561198323827523,Recommended,433340,34384493,Posted: 20 August,all,rubysparkler,really fun 10/10 and PLEASE MAKE A SLIMRANCHER 2 BEACUSE I LOVVE THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,433340,27850659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"A slime, slime and slime. Lot of jelly jump on the screen. These ""animals"" is cute. Let me want to farm them and protect.8.5/10"
76561198174240995,Recommended,433340,26709263,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Skeletal Dog,"I definitely would recommend this game! It is very cute, and calming, unless you have to take out tarr slimes :P Anyway, I would say that this is one creative, and phenominal game I've played so far!"
,Recommended,433340,30447180,Posted: 11 March,all,Anihillator,"Simple, easy, cute. Really good for early access."
76561198103607677,Recommended,433340,28836703,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nut3la_B0y,Pls add multiplayer
76561198264171690,Recommended,433340,34740060,Posted: 4 September,all,SilverSinister,"The game is am awesome calming experience, I could sit for hours just exploring and find new stuff. The only thing I wish it had was multiplayer"
76561198259991030,Recommended,433340,31153392,Posted: 15 April,all,Peanut Cutter,Slimes :3
76561198247782058,Recommended,433340,31760784,Posted: 14 May,all,Rogue One,Fun Cute game. I Recomend it.
76561197960794487,Not Recommended,433340,35462151,Posted: 3 October,all,e.MiDNiGHT,"After playing about 14 hours it dawned on me that :1.)  There's just too much busy work2.)  There's not enough evolving content or game progression.1) In game I spent a large amount of my time just standing there either holding the right or left mouse button and shooting or sucking in plorts or other objects and moving them from one hole to another around my ranch.  Even with an auto feeder and plort collector, maintaining the slime pens took up too much of the in-game time.  Holding down the mouse button and no other controls for large periods of time just felt kind of stupid.  There aren't any automation options either.  All the upgrades are available initially and I was disappointed that only a few minor ones would be unlocking as I progressed.  This leads to point 2,2)  The game was a fantastic amount of fun at first. There was a lot to discover, new things to build, and upgrades to buy.  I had a great time with that!  As I was playing, out of nowhere I realized that this game is just an endless cycle of the same thing over and over.  The science lab too was cool at first, but quickly felt like getting items for the sake of getting more items.  The overall gameplay remained constant, and from what I could tell by reading some wikis, doesn't change at all.  I mean specifically there's a lot of:  Wake up, suck in a bunch of plorts one at a time, move, shoot them out to sell them one at a time, move, suck in a bunch of food one at a time, move, shoot the food out one at a time, then go explore.  The small, finite amount of new slimes to discover made exploring boring too quickly.Knowing I'm in the minority here, I still warn you to be careful about buying into the hype about this game.  There isn't really much story or game progression at all.  Those 14 hours I spent were awesome, credit where credit is due, but I don't have any interest in playing after I realized it's going nowhere.  You might have the same realization."
,Recommended,433340,20542773,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,NovaShoujo,"Very, Very cute. Still very pre alpha so there's not a tonne to do, and the game does crash with fair regularity, but It's a very pretty game, and a testament to want unity can do when the people working on it give a damn."
76561198020825864,Recommended,433340,20543274,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Decalcomania,"Here's a rare example of early access done right! The game is as polished as a ""rock slime"" and has all of the features you'd expect from a full release. There's a tonne of fun to be had by people of all ages. Slime Rancher is oozing with undeniable charm and is a pleasure to play.There isn't a huge amount of content here as of yet, but everything that is currently implemented works perfectly. I haven't encountered any glitches either. Definitely buy the game and support the Devs, this has the potential to be a real classic!"
,Recommended,433340,22920896,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rice,fun!11!1!
76561197971528067,Recommended,433340,34045756,Posted: 5 August,all,cordron,This game is simply addictive! I love the cute style and no matter how frustrating the stupid little slimes can be their faces make it impossible not to enjoy their company.I often battle to find a game that I can play inbetween all the other things I need to do in a day but Slime Rancher is perfect. you can play for hours or simply 5 minutes.The one thing I would have liked to see more in the game would be a bit more flexibility in how you layout your ranch and perhaps a deeper reward system than what I have seen so far....That said I best get back to my slimes :D
,Recommended,433340,21119615,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vandare,*Bought game*Downloaded game*Played game*Started playing at 1:30 pm*Kept playing*Looked up to see that five hours past*Go do other stuff*Rethink my life*Eat slowly wondering what I've done*Realize that this is my life*Write beautiful and amazing review*Go to bed and cry myself to sleep10/10 Would cri evry tim
,Recommended,433340,34728587,Posted: 3 September,all,funeeboi,Buy cummies slime skert rancher pl0x cummies BOb open pl0x lime disease schlime volumptous.
76561198101095408,Recommended,433340,33954583,Posted: 1 August,all,tee_im_ess,"Initially, title and description did not give me a good idea what this game was about. But seeing gameplay on YouTube sold me.I found a very cute and unusual casual game: A mix of management, exploration, and adventure in a beautiful crafted world with many hidden surprises.With the amount of things to do and the many variations you can try I got way more hours of gameplay out of this than I expected.If you're in the mood for some light, relaxing gaming with a very sweet and soothing art style - get this. Recommended!"
,Recommended,433340,20739827,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spooky Dreams,"For it being incomplete, it works very well and is just so happy! This is a very cute and fun game with alot of potential. So if you have money, get it, you will be smiling very often."
76561198135354587,Recommended,433340,25658309,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kai,10/10 would ranch again
76561198201041398,Recommended,433340,34296774,Posted: 16 August,all,Fried Chicken Crap,"good game, community is♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,433340,29366233,Posted: 19 January,all,Dapper Star,"I first despised Slime Rancher becasue my computer couldnt run it. But then, one faithful day during a skype all. I was asking how to refund a game. Because ""This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; but then everyone in the skype call said that it looks really good and are like ""you have to play this game if you have it"" I denied it and tried to refund. Only to find out that I had it for a year and it was to late. Reluctantly, I chose to load it up. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3"
76561198385744926,Recommended,433340,33972754,Posted: 2 August,all,LoVe_sKiLL™,This game is soo relax . Slime is cute
,Recommended,433340,20631850,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jerry,"Very great game. Super adorable. But one flaw and it is just because its still in early access, is the amount of content, you play for about 2 hours and BAM you're out of stuff to do. but asides from that really fun and cute"
,Recommended,433340,27011376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kitty :3,yes
,Not Recommended,433340,27599799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"Looks great, feels great, very quickly runs out of things to do though. After 5 hours I started feeling like I had seen everything the game had to offer.Development is going surprisingly fast for an Early Access title, so it's definitely worth keeping an eye on - the endgame content could be a patch away."
,Not Recommended,433340,30966692,Posted: 5 April,all,Randinator,"A nice little game where you ranch cute slime balls, a pleasant experience for a bit but after you get a rare slime and play with the market, earn all the money, and buy everything there really isn't anything to do. Sure you can buy the science lab to decorate your ranch and whatnot but, broken down to its core, this game is about making money, and once all the money has been earned there isn't anything to do with it... I like the game but I don't know what's going to come of it or what more they can do with it."
,Not Recommended,433340,21629985,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,a mistake,"If you are thinking about buying this game, please read this review, cause this is one of the few reviews that are actually serious.Slime Rancher is a game where you abduct slimes to place in your ranch to profit out of them. The gameplay consists of exploring areas for slimes, abducting slimes, and farming for crops to feed your slimes, use said crops to feed your slimes, and sell the♥♥♥♥♥♥that comes out of them. It seems fun at first glance, but it gets really repetitive after a while. Not only that, but the game itself has a little amount of content for the price it's set at. Yes, it is in early access, but if you ask me, that is a♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse. Using that logic, I could publish a game that looks good, but only has 1 hour of content for $30. Sure, I could add more content, but you won't be guaranteed that nor will you know when the exact date that it becomes a finished product. I'll give the creators credit for creating luscious areas to explore along with the cute slimes they created, but regardless, they really shouldn't have priced this game at $20. The most you're going to get is about 2-4 hours of content, and that's if you're enjoying the game and not abducting all the slimes to profit out of them. You might be thinking ""but they're going to add more content, right?"". They most likely will, they aren't Code}{atch. That is a bit reassuring,but according to this development roadmap, even though they're working hard on this game, you're not going to get much from future updates. Alongside that, their small team is going to take a long time to accomplish all the things that the roadmap has to offer. It took them almost 2 years (excluding the recent update) to make this much content. That is impressive for a small team, but that doesn't mean that you should release a game with this much content at a price of $20. They could've either spent more time to add more content to this game and then release it, as opposed to releasing this game now and lowering several people's expectations. If you ask me, don't buy this game if you aren't too sure on buying this game, use that money on some other game. However, if you REALLY want the game, then by all means buy it, don't let my opinion discourage you from buying the game if you really want it."
,Recommended,433340,23597520,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,2Sk3tChy,"here is a video i made...more or less my impression of SLIME RANCHER, hope it helps you outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB5kl0ukidQ"
76561198119362844,Recommended,433340,30375493,Posted: 7 March,all,yftach12,"the best game for 20$all the updates are really cool, i can't stop playing this game!"
76561198276732617,Recommended,433340,30377755,Posted: 7 March,all,RoxiKitt,"Excellently addicting. Cute, fun, expansive (so far), and a great source of stress relief."
76561198370232418,Recommended,433340,30420277,Posted: 9 March,all,unicorn92243,I watched lets play of this game on youtube and liked what I saw. Now that I actually have the game I love it! It's very addictive. There's a lot to do and it's very colorful and cheerful looking with great music to match. The game is so detailed! With every update I have noticed something new. The creators of this game have done a wonderful job.
76561198088853841,Recommended,433340,30420821,Posted: 9 March,all,cptjacksprw,"Poo for profit! Come to me little slimes ill make you happy...Love this game, doesnt matter if you want a casual time waster or one that you can build your slime empire! You cant go wrong with Slime Rancher!"
76561198265173469,Recommended,433340,30418889,Posted: 9 March,all,GLaDoS0002,I got this game quite a while ago and was NOT Dissapointed in the slightest. I recomend buying this game.
,Recommended,433340,30370044,Posted: 7 March,all,Icreaka,"Cute, fun and regular updates."
,Recommended,433340,28606541,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[BBQ]Beefy Baby Qing,"This is another beefy game which steals my potatoes from me. When you play this game, you can question your cuteness (even if you're a baby). Sorry but your giant cheeks are not cute enough for this game. I hope they never stop adding beefs to this game. Even if you know you'll finish this game in one day, buy it. You won't lose anything (except your money :D).Don't lose your milk and #eatbeefeveryday."
76561198077839146,Recommended,433340,30477621,Posted: 12 March,all,Crazy Uncle Steve,"It is a great game, not perfect, but what game is?  It was kinda fun at first, but it's boring now.  I still would reccomend this game."
76561198036507757,Recommended,433340,30469069,Posted: 12 March,all,ject111,"I can honestly say i enjoyed this game. Even not liking this genre of games it pulls you in with its cuteness and simple concept. The colors and creatures are inviting and fun to be around. Some are bad, some are good. Basically the point of this game is to set up farms to feed these creatures until they poop, then you collect it and either sell it or use it to make things. There is a bunch of other little suprises and cool features still being worked on. From what i hear the dev team is great and listens to us. This is a perfect game to try your first early access. I really think this game will make it all the way."
,Recommended,433340,30462746,Posted: 11 March,all,TheSillyNetwork,It's like harvest moon but with slimes!
76561198153550289,Recommended,433340,30477806,Posted: 12 March,all,Eat Your Veggies,"Very fun game. The art is incredible, the music is relaxing, and the intuitive gameplay makes you want to keep on playing and playing."
,Recommended,433340,30112062,Posted: 22 February,all,What the John?,"Sell slime poop for money. Use money to house more slimes and increase effectiveness. Rinse, and repeat."
,Recommended,433340,30483411,Posted: 12 March,all,鮮血,"Awesome game, cute graphics and tons of stuff to do!"
,Recommended,433340,30483534,Posted: 12 March,all,Disgusted Elrond,It's a fun game but after a while it gets kinda repetitive.
76561198028911965,Recommended,433340,20944288,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SomeQuietAsian✿,Too Addictive 10/10
76561198043141723,Recommended,433340,21051513,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ezzmann,"Very Fun. Very Cute Simple As 1,2,3!BUY IT!!!!!!"
76561198279418453,Recommended,433340,23296459,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AnimeFlameFox,"Love the game. It's super cute! It's worth it because you can keep playing it and it's not one of those games where ther's an end to the game so you can delete it when you finished, so it's never ending and fluent updates here and there, so there will always be something new to check out!"
,Recommended,433340,26669623,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,/VendingMac~,"Even when just in early access version, Slime Rancher showed a promising future contents. I personally really enjoy the turning the Devs took. Adding new slimes, new fruits, replacing textures, and the most exciting is adding new maps extensions. Slime Rancher is not that hardware demanding. Not that much text to be read. You can just simply start the game and dive in without even reading walkthrough. It is fun doing ranching stuff and farming plorts. The ++ element is the slimes cuteness. They're sooo lovely. Play Slime Rancher! Add cuteness to your life and relieve daily stress! Recomended~!"
,Recommended,433340,28351956,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,FloomingGonzo,"WOW tbh though the reviews is only praise for this game i was still wondering if it was going to be good for me as an adult. All i can i say about this game, even as little of game time i have played it is a truly amazing game for all ages.  10/10"
76561198083043033,Recommended,433340,28256897,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Battle Goat,I love playing this game when I'm feeling down and just want to relax. Its super cute and with the newest update actually will keep you entertained for more than a couple hours.
,Recommended,433340,27696248,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stevn,"Slime Rancher is an incredibly cute and beautiful game, with plenty to do and more on the way from the developers, you'll always being having an adventure. This is a great game to relax and unwind, and take a break from stress and competitiveness, however there is also the 5 day rush mode, for those of you who think you can become pro ranchers."
,Recommended,433340,24616211,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MentallyUnstableRetard,"Travel to a random planet, capture random innocent blobs, place them in a smallass cage, feed them, collect their poop, and sell it to a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on Earth that buy slime faeces. 10/10"
,Recommended,433340,23816221,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ThunderFucc The BamboozledCuck,Cute game. very fun. Great feeling of discovery.There is nothing bad about this game just get it already.I do recommend not checking wiki or watching walkthroughs or anything. It makes the game more fun when you discover things.
,Recommended,433340,20987340,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Purplella,First 3 days in game...all my slims were destoryed because of tthe tar creatures...I was sad because I worked so hard....so I figure out why that happen. So now I finally got honey slims mix with kitty slim...Life is great with mix breed kitty slims. 11/10 will make more kitty slim combinations in the future.
76561198024911274,Recommended,433340,26837145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Synthwave,"Easily one of the cutest games on Steam right now, and a great game for when you wanna chill out and just listening to some music."
,Recommended,433340,30438719,Posted: 10 March,all,Lord of Shadows,I have to collect and sell poop to achieve financial stability and buy stuff to collect more poop.10/10 will continue to collect poop.
,Recommended,433340,20761045,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,S'ir P-i'smwn Kle [Sky Spawn #1],"This game has so much potential that to become a nice fun little farming esque game, I love it.Like this game by itself is just cute, full of heart, and damn the music is so nice.This is like chao garden in sonic and those slimes from monster quest had a baby, honestly for 20 bucks this game is just a special little thing that I didn't expect to find.Seriously buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,433340,20776799,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SHARKISHA,♥♥♥♥ yes
,Recommended,433340,20886150,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RiggidyRiggidyWrecked,>start the game>find cute slimes everywhere>collect the explosion slime and the cat slime>create cute hybrid>the explosion slime + cat slime = mayhem>instantly regret desicion as the cat slime has a tendancy to jump really high and the explosion slime ruptures in a huge radius ;aunching every slime around it.>launching slimes everywhere>hybrids get into every other pen and become tarr slimes>all other slimes are devoured10/10 would play again
,Recommended,433340,30421215,Posted: 9 March,all,Your Sister,"This is such a chill game. Actively being developed so there are new things coming all the time. For me, this game has the right mix of exploration and minimal survival. Kind of got bugged with how punishing Dont Starve was, and was looking for something similar. This is the relaxed version of that game. Lesser items to explore/craft but can be played at a comfortable pace. Amazingly cute and relaxing art/sound. Very recommended."
,Recommended,433340,20841323,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cloudcry,"This game is worth every penny I spent on it.Right upon firing it up, I found myself just enthralled by the beautifully painted world that hit me like the idyllic lovechild Bob Ross painting and harvest moon; plus slimes.For starters, the game is well crafted, both in terms of playability and cohesive envrioment. Nothing about this game feels ""Early Access"" in the slightest. It's solid, polished, and a whole lot of fun.The game oozes talent and wit; and it's an abosolute romp to play no matter your age, genre preference, or predisposition to slimes."
76561198131896605,Recommended,433340,24559891,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JayDork19,This game is incredibly adorable and I'm honestly happy with this game! After seeing gamplay footage of the game I was bought out by the charming appeal of the slimes. They are incredibly cute and I can't wait to see the updates for the game <3
76561198066107698,Recommended,433340,20895050,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,☼ Kal ☼,Amazing game..- Start the game- collect pink slimes- adding two other types of slimes in the same cage- they all die- LOVE ITwaiting for more slimes in the future <3
,Recommended,433340,27887430,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Greg Rangel Jr. IV,"The only game that should be in the running for the ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"" award. The entire game is centered around farming these cute little brats, the possibilities of what you can do with these slimes are endless, whether you want to feed breed them for profit or suck them up just to shoot them in the ocean, it's entirely up to you and your imagination."
,Recommended,433340,24605345,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,lozanimatronicsundertale,Such a cute little game and it's really fun too! While it is kind of expensive I'd still say I'm glad I bought it. It doesn't have all that much content yet though so I'm really eager to see more!
,Recommended,433340,28653763,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Natolikin+,"Excellent time-waster game. I could play it for hours (if I had the time of course :P) It is lacking features and depth at the moment, but as it is in early access and they are adding more content every few months or so that is a non-issue. The slime science update helped with the content lacking though. Looking forward to more updates!"
76561198162780580,Recommended,433340,24639127,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Greeny1me,Amazing game!  Never been so impressed with everything! Can't wait to see more!
76561198048507721,Recommended,433340,20597191,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dreaguh,"This will be my initial review of the game, if you would like to add some please feel free to :DBeen playing the pre alpha and this game has TONS of potential, really really fun to just play and mess around in, a few things can be worked on such as some mechanics but over all this game is def worth it.Pros+Game is cute, full of cuteness and wiggles.+Game has a great system, capture wild slimes feed them then  harvest their plorts(poops) and make monies.+The cost of the plorts will change day to day so just sitting on 1 type of slime is not gonna work, this encourages you to go out and capture different sort of slimes.+The little pens/corrals you build all have upgrades of their own so it can help improve your ranch or adjust how the game can be played based on your play style.+There is an upgrade system that you can use to upgrade your vac pack, so you can hold more or have more energy to do play with.+The Combination system is both high risk and reward, you can combine your slimes and get double the plorts! But if you mix too many you can get tars and they will wreck your ranch fast.+Game has a good art style, can't wait to see more areas unlocked and playable.+More slimes are coming!Cons every game has em-The trading system seems to be pointless at best, a waste of over all time and effort for next to no rewards.-Lack of music, game has a few songs but nothing to fantastic or immersive, would like to see more music in the game.I really did try to think of more cons but that's it, besides this game being in Alpha I won't be including any of the bugsSome sort of rivalry to add some sort of goal/competition to the game even if its just AI.Some improvement to some of the basic functions, such as when you plant something in a garden after a few harvests the plant will die, I would like an auto planter to replant or maybe a counter letting me know I should hold one of these fruits/veggies so I can replant.  (ooks like in the newist version they did something about this sorta)A better trade system...trading 43 pink slimes 30 rock slimes and 20 tabbys for 10 carrots is not a good deal.A competition or such that say the over all ranching federation hosts and has categories and rewards based on them.Selling plorts straight is alright, but I would like to see a system where you can turn those plorts in to something else and then sell the product for even more credits.Helpers/robot hands something to help mange the sheer numbers that you will be getting in to as you can capture sooo soo many slimes.It's cool you can make your ranch how you want, but I would like to change the visuals of my over all ranch, maybe paint the area or lay out some carpet or change how my little hut looks and such.This is just a few things.TL;DR Game is good, has its ups and down like every game but this game is worth it,  and the devs seem to be really involved in their project so I recommend giving them your support.For everyone who did read though it, Thank you for reading :D I hope some one will find this helpfull.A message to the devs, this is a fantastic game keep it up and you get all my support on steam for this game, if you need people to be more involved or would over all like to reach out for any reason, I would be more then happy to help."
,Recommended,433340,22385752,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Nonsensicole,"UNBELIEVABLY ADORABLE. Even for an early access game, Slime Rancher is solid. Gameplay is great and enjoyable. There are already multiple areas to explore and slimes to collect, with more on the way. I am always excited to see an update has come out! Definitely recommended for those who enjoy farming and/or exploration games."
,Recommended,433340,24674996,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Holy NEET Lothric,This game is a+ and is very calming. I'm so happy that it's finally functional enough to run without excessive lag :3 Can't wait for more slimes~
,Recommended,433340,23552072,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,zebroto,This game is so cute and fun its easy to learn and its so colourful. The only thing that is needed to make the funniest game 2016 maybe is co-op am i right? But who cares buy it and get slime friends and be happy :D
76561198062705242,Recommended,433340,30433354,Posted: 10 March,all,BOT John,"I just picked this game up and i must say, it is better than I excpected. Because what I expected was a childish game you can play for an hour, but what it is in all reality is a wonderful sandbox game filled with joy. I found myself smiling like an idiot pleny of times while playing this game. It is really enjoyable."
76561198241482468,Recommended,433340,21135369,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TheTimeTraveler10,I'm not usually in to cute games but...Slime rancher has great quality and an amazing landscapeHas awesome physicsThere are slimes that are dangerous and will hurt youAdictiveand would be fun even if this was remade into a horror game.So...10/10 would recomend.
76561198171256310,Recommended,433340,21068344,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Beta Box,Really cute :D
,Recommended,433340,21034478,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Distaris,I hate this game. Too cute for me.
76561198162436659,Recommended,433340,20956901,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,✪ LOST,i like this game but it gets a little boring by your self does any1 else think making this game a multiplayer game would be much better if you could invite your friends
,Recommended,433340,20954772,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jeff,This game is honestly super great
76561198067168414,Recommended,433340,20929288,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GreenFantasy666,"I saw the game in a let's Play on Youtube and my first impression was like:AAAWWWWWW MY GOOOOD IT'S CO ♥♥♥♥ING CUTE!!! =D ^_^I thought about buying it and as I saw the price of 19.99 I was a little sceptic because it was just a Beta,but the damn cuteness overload got me to buy it and it was hell of a lot worth the money.You can have so much fun with this game.The Mechanics are so easy, even a 6 year old would understand how to play it.I'am curious what's gonna be up next because i flew around with the Jetpack a little bit and saw some very interesting places, ruins and buildungs, let's hope they can be more than decoration soon.If you look in the achievements you can have a glimpse on whats planned too,as I understood there's going to be a mine area and a glass desert.I can only recommend Slime Rancher because of the great concept, the cuteness, the awesome graphic style, the cuteness, the simplicity this game combines with so much fun and did I mention that IT'S DAMN CUTE.GL HF GG"
,Recommended,433340,29803278,Posted: 9 February,all,heathermason,"Played for a few minutes and decided that this is a good game.WE REALLY NEED CHINESE!pros:+ SLIMES ARE SOOOOO LOVELY I WANNA SQUEEEEZE THEIR FACES+ Excellent graphics and art design, run pretty well on AMD-A10 / R6 laptop(100+FPS on low quaility, 30+FPS on default)+ Unexpectedly nice musics ——especially when you meet with some unique scenesCons- The description sometimes can be very confusing. Otherwise new players sometimes don't know what to do next.- I've decided writing this in English, because as a Chinese player, it's a little bit hard to read so many descriptions.I purchased this game when it happend to be ver.0.4.3 and the player-made Chinese-language patch just got invalid, which made me really upset...._(:з」∠)_- Achievements are quite boring, some achievements seems to be repeating and somehow become annoying."
,Recommended,433340,21124822,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jokah3345,2cute4me
,Recommended,433340,20668068,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jade Vanadium,"This game is really cute and I love it. It's really fun playing with the slimes and finding new slimes and exploring and looking for secrets.And in the name of exploration and secrets, I claim these arches in the name of Vanadium!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_4NeZ8BnYs"
,Recommended,433340,22056047,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Aether_Aeolus,Adorableness is Sufficating
,Recommended,433340,30628465,Posted: 19 March,all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,"Whenever I'm feeling down, I find myself playing this game.Who knew little slimes could make me feel so happy?"
,Recommended,433340,20921490,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vulpinaut,There are cat slimes.one booped me.BOOPED ME.
76561198208525568,Recommended,433340,21198571,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Roblox Memes,Very cute game. Try it in your free time
,Recommended,433340,30738691,Posted: 25 March,all,Squish,This is simply the most delightful game I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  There's no way to be gloomy when you're getting head booped by a Tabby slime.
,Recommended,433340,20797625,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Catikyu,"My first day of owning the game:1. found pink slimes2. amazed at adorableness3.filled corrals with pink slimes4. found cat slimes5. died at adorableness6. fell into water and died7. saw a tarr murdering tabbies and others8. cried9. murdered the tarrs like they murdered all the cute things10. became rich10000/10 would kill tarrs againBut seriously, you should buy this game. It is extremely well done. Its not like any alpha game I've ever seen! Its cute, its fun, its happy as well. It also never gets boring!"
76561198059476056,Recommended,433340,20971241,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MrAwesomaniac,"I started playing this game at 8 AM. I looked over what seemed like a few minutes and screamed, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm almost late for class!"" It was 230.This game will devour your life like a Tabby devours a Stony Hen. I highly recommend this game and it's going to be so much fun once it's completed.The few things I would recommend is have a feature where you can interact with the Slimes, maybe pet them, train them to do tricks. I'd like to believe I'm domesticating these adorable creatures for more than just feeding and collecting their Plorts. If not, I'm going to have to form a Slime Advocacy Necromancer Team of America or S.A.N.T.A.But seriously, I can not wait to see the full game."
76561198103495606,Recommended,433340,30478572,Posted: 12 March,all,Pootis Spencer,slimes 10/10
76561198058314898,Recommended,433340,20739216,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TheMage54,This game is a very calm and relaxing management game. The graphics are great and the music is good too!I highly reccomend this game and I can't wait to see what the devs have in store.
,Recommended,433340,22446970,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KillaWub,"I've seen the reviews saying you can quickly run out of content while playing this game, but while I was playing this game no matter what I did I couldn't run out of things to do new places to explore and goals to set, as long as this game is still updated I still will keep up my regular play. Some people play diffrenly I know, but I know you should enjoy this game for as long as it lasts for you."
76561197970866188,Recommended,433340,30424364,Posted: 10 March,all,The Maddog,My kids keep playing and talking about it so it must be alright.
,Recommended,433340,28930760,Posted: 1 January,all,Stupid Jerk,"Pros:+This game is literally less stressful than Clicker Heroes.+Graphics are nice enough, some areas are rather pretty and it seems to already be pretty well optimized.+Already several unique-looking areas to explore.+Even in Early Access, there's easily at least 15 to 25 hours of gameplay already.+Many different types of slimes that can be combined in strategic ways.+It looks like at least two more areas are being added in the future, and a few more slime types.+Cute as heck.Cons:-No ingame map feature. The world is a bit of a sprawl with many branching paths, so getting lost is easy.-There are a few arbitrary time restrictions that serve little purpose other than to make you wait longer. Upgrades are currently unlocked with time rather than progress, and you can only have 6 of the same type of resource gathering machine active at a time.-The game currently lacks anything resembling a real challenge. Enemies aren't really dangerous (which suits the game's style), but it would really benefit from the addition of puzzles.-Slimes can be pretty obnoxious and get in the way a lot, as large slimes always get stuck to your vacuum and prevent you from collecting resources. It would be nice if you could set your vacuum to ignore slimes.-Although the protagonist has a name (Beatrix LaBeaux), she doesn't display any thoughts or personality. I hope this changes in the future, perhaps through story monologues or the currently-pointless email system.-My neighbors just bought a new dog, and it never stops barking. This isn't related, but I had to gripe about it somewhere."
,Recommended,433340,20904366,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DiGiTyDarKMaN,Easily the most entertaining game I've played in quite some time.... and I spend WAYYYY too much money on games.
76561198171057950,Recommended,433340,21109012,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,✟ⒶⓃⒾⓂⓊ✟,Its one of themost..best..games..ever?...icant wait for more things to discover..in future updates
,Recommended,433340,20702435,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Roy_Marquess,"I saw the tabby slimes and was immediately enamored. It's the kind of game I could play all day. Cute, fun, and easy to play."
,Recommended,433340,23518115,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,✿ Bellpepper,"Any game where I can feed the adorable slime a carrot (or pogofruit) instead of bopping it on the head is automatically a good game. In addition to the abundance of cutsey slimes, the general atmosphere is simple and relaxing in a great way. Fully recommend."
,Recommended,433340,23828919,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,eat all sosig,"Slime Rancher is a lovely, cutesy game with great graphics and a great concept.This game has a very simple concept and is easy to play even though it has it's small challenges. It has great replayability due to the fact that every playthrough has a high chance to be new. Having fun creating new cages to keep certain slimes and discovering new slimes, fusing them and creating new creatures you haven't seen before. But like all games, it has it's cons:- It is very easy for a slime to escape and become a Tarr and destroy most of your camp.- Giant slimes sometimes take too long to feed, making your slimes mad and making it tedious to get to new areas.- Upgrades are slim and a few new ones could be added.The game is early access and hopefully somethings are better.(8/10)"
,Recommended,433340,23636388,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,savage onion,"This game is amazing.Pros:*Cute Slimes*Compelling Gameplay*Ranch Simulator*Happy Colors*Cute SlimesCons:*Waiting For Updates (but they try their very best)*Lack of Plots (Can you guys fix that? A corral for every typeof slime largo? And a garden for the food that they eat? That would begreat!)*Sense of Loneliness (nothing against the slimes, just maybemore people (besides the Range Exchange...).)All in all... A GREAT GAME!My favorite slime is... The Honey Tabby! It looks golden and it's big and boops you on the nose and- AHHH! It's so cute!Hope it helped! ;)"
,Recommended,433340,23849306,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mystic_Prophet,"So let me start by saying that I generally don't like ranching games, so I should have known I wouldn't really enjoy this for too long. I love slimes though, so decided to grab it. My conclusion is that it's a pretty good ranching game if you like that sort of thing, and has lots of cute little slimes.Features/tips:-Limited amount of plots to build on, forcing you to choose wisely on what and where you build things.-The Tarr enemies add a danger element that can sometimes be frustrating, but you can mitigate them with some advanced planning-The value of ""Plorts"" seems to decrease the more you turn in a certain type, so it's a good idea to unlock the advanced slime areas as quickly as is financially viable.-Gordo slimes must be fed 50 or more times (depending on the type) before exploding and dropping slimes keys (or other special items). These are needed to advance to new areas, and should probably be your goal.-Compete with other players in the 5 day rush by trying to get as much money as possible in only 5 days."
,Recommended,433340,22641084,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JustAnotherGamer,Love the game get it now just cute love and do you not want to hug a cute little slime
,Recommended,433340,23881831,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CAN EAT MORE,"i love this game, but I would like to see some more information past the basics. Maybe a helpful tips area where you can go when and if you need it, it could be an optional thing, if you don't want help then you can ignore or never click on the tips area, but if you need a little guidance you can go there for help.This game is really fun, and I've only played a couple of hours. Can't wait to play more"
,Recommended,433340,22681660,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ThatUglyDuckling,cute.i love it.
76561198113568537,Recommended,433340,22802917,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,renaissanceRenegade,"Fun, pretty relaxing with the exception the pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ terror of Tarr outbreaks.Lots of places to explore (downside: I get lost a LOT - a map addition to the HUD would be great)Pros:- Bright and colorful- Super cute slimes- Gorgeous sceneryCons:-Once you've expanded completely (something that took me like 8 hours) there's no gold sinks to give you the illusion of productivity-Super easy to get lost in the tunnels and the upper parts reachable by jetpack-The Far Far Range feels super lonelyThe cons are primarily because of its early access status and that gives me hope for the future.I'd love a multiplayer expansion, competitive or cooperative. I feel like launching rock slimes at each other has a lot of mini game potential."
76561198056741564,Recommended,433340,22740987,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mr-DaxJack,"This game for some reason made me think of Jak and Daxter, to be honest I'm not sure why. It was most likley the  Enviorment and very explore friendly zone with no invisible walls to hinder you. (And the very bright and appealing colours)The good thing about this game is  you can get lost easily the minute you open it. It's light hearted and who doesn't like that ?The mechanic is fun (Gather slimes and farm their plorts)The soundtrack although limited is very easy on th ears and suites the game well.The content however is limited and there is simply not enough to call this a ""Good buy.""If your wanted to get this then by all means buy it !But if I was you, Wait !Some devolopers cop out when they run out of funds or other reasons, Wait a couple months until you can see a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content."
76561198253471572,Recommended,433340,20934378,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kenkou,Slime Rancher is so much fun and adorable! Breed chickens and grow crops to feed your adorable captives who give you their valuable poo so you can become the richest rancher EVER. You can even combine them for cool designs too! There are already so many upgrades and its just a great game to play if you got a few hours to kill! I cant wait to see what else I can explore when they release another update!10/10
76561198242024746,Recommended,433340,21045221,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,NoName,this game is really cool for a beta version but still needs lots of work to be done but other than that i highly recommend this game. :)
,Recommended,433340,21027998,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chinzilla00,GET WIGGLY!!!
,Recommended,433340,20870973,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,i'm 100% pure furfag :^),"It's a game about cute slimes and farming chickens, what else could you want?Seriously though, it's a great game. Super addicting, easy to learn how to play, and there's fun, charming music with an outstanding, ethereal environment. Trust me, you'll get in the game and look at your clock a few hours later, realizing that it's 4AM."
76561198231127936,Recommended,433340,21031970,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gabesw,Awesome
76561198092379035,Recommended,433340,21098210,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Impwessive,this game is amazing in every way but i wish they would bring out those cool loking green slimes
,Recommended,433340,20732886,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DylaNz,"One of the best games i have ever played.if the developer doesnt ♥♥♥♥ up, adds more stuff.and doesnt make it pay 2 win or add micro transactions.This could be top 10 games of 2016"
,Recommended,433340,21090713,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Psionicmageii,"First off, I want to say that this game is absolutely adorable and addicting. I didn't think it'd be as fun as it was when I first got it, but I am glad I did.What I think could help benefit it:1.) I think there needs to be more conflict/punishment with things that happen in game. It'd be interesting for the dynamic of the game if there were by chance more ways to lose money, like a random chance/event role or random misfortunes here and there. Otherwise it is REALLY easy to stock up on money and all the slimes necessary in the game.2.) It'd be interesting to incorporate special hybrid plorts. So say you have 2 different types of slimes made into a hybrid in the game (like the deadly Rock Boom Largos that I made on accident), and they had their own ""Rock Boom Plort"" which would be worth more/less depending on demand.3.) Lastly, the world definitely needs expansion and more places to explore. It wouldn't hurt to add more ""easter egg"" like things here and there, or even maybe slime lore. :) The Slimes have keys, yes? It'd be interesting to hear how they managed to make it and maybe see like ancient slime stories here and there or something like it."
,Recommended,433340,20712482,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Scyoni,"Great for early access! The sum of the content presently (0.2.4b) takes about 3-4 hours to get through, and it's a lot of fun.Capture a bunch of weirdly happy slimes and stick them in sci-fi cages. Feed them and gather poop for fun and profit! Breed them and make a lot of really weird and questionable mixed-types! Breed too many and create an abomination that will ruin your livelihood!Or just run around exploring the cute world with the fun terrain and a complete lack of invisible walls."
76561198056662415,Recommended,433340,20886600,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,tired,"I don't often buy Early Access games, but I am so glad I took the chance on this one.- Everything is cute as heck.- Intuative controls.- Great music, and adorable sound effects.- Creative and diverse landscapes to explore.- Each type of slime is different. You're not just collecting the same thing with different skins. Some live in water, some explode, some even fly.It's really the perfect, fun, little time-waster and honestly one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played.I only have two complaints;- I don't want to stop playing yet, but I've sort of run out of things to do for the moment. I hope the locked areas will be opened up soon and more slimes are added.- The ranch itself is a bit small if you want to collect every type of slime and be able to grow enough food for them all. Some more unlockable expansions to the space would be nice.Essentially I just want more game. I am addicted and don't want to quit.I think everyone should have this in their game library for when you just feel like playing something a little more laid back to kill time.10/10"
,Recommended,433340,21490234,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gage,"Wow! I had the choice of either subnatica, rocket league, or slime rancher, and by far i am impressed with this game! i was really hoping this would be fun (To me), and you know what, it was, LOADS of fun, and im more the type of guy with FPS, and all in general shooter games, but this was amazing!"
,Recommended,433340,23641055,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ESG,good gameproscute (i love cute games)fun in many waysgrinding is easy but not too easyfinding new slimes fills you with joy(dang it im bad at making list)new updates add new slimes and more to doslimes are cutegetting rich (like me) is funbob is bob (why did i put bob on this list?)you have things to worry about like: THE TARR slime sea and places to stay on high alert (places with more than 2 different slimes)it's a awesome game butyou need a good computer to run it without lag (maby i have a bad laptop)still it was good to spend that 20.00$ on this gamedoes it lag every time something moves (like me) or is it only pc?!I can't play it on my father's laptop O.O
,Recommended,433340,21005243,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MaxxtoN,"Early Access Review, 06.02.2016I did not know what to expect when I first saw this game, however, I've been a fan of farming games since Harvest Moon. And Slime Rancher is one hell of a farming game! The current content is fun, I have not encountered any glitches and the game itself looks really nice. The design of the slimes is spot on! Word of warning however, I bought this game in order to support the developers. I believe it has great potential but you will run out of content after about 3 hours in the game's current state. If you're expecting a title that'll last a good 20h or so then feel free to wait for the game to be updated with more content. In it's current state, however, it's a good showcase of the general gameplay and I expect the oncoming updates to add even more cool stuff!"
76561198274414914,Recommended,433340,24517388,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,miyagi_king,"I’m a fanboy of this game so I have to recommend it, but let’s face it: unless you are a hardcore fan who is going to come back every week to do the same stuff over and over again, what you are really buying is 3-4 hours of gameplay at most. Whether it’s worth the price is up to you. I personally think it is, but I perfectly understand the negative reviews.What really makes me sad is the virtual absence of new content. It’s been 6 months now, and the new content is extremely scarce. In a nutshell: one purple area was added to the map, with a few radioactive slimes (new type) in it. That’s it. For 6 months.Also the game is way too easy. If you’re smart you’ll have more money than you’ll ever need by 3 hours; exploring is super safe and lacks real danger, it is almost impossible to get killed, etc. etc.Now, for the pros. Slime Rancher is extremely funny and relaxing, the core gameplay is pure genius, the overall quality is excellent with stunning graphics and music and very few bugs, the devs are fantastic and reactive to e-mails/bug reports. You can feel the love that was put into the game. So I still support this fantastic game and recommend it, and really, really hope the devs are going to add content to it soon, not just a few new or revamped areas but real things to do, real new slimes, real things to buy, and so on."
76561198256179295,Recommended,433340,24521145,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JustAgamer,it was fun at first till i bought everything and i had unlock everything and it seems the creaters arent adding any thing sort of new (not aloat more i mean) but dont get me wrong its a great game....
,Recommended,433340,31991813,Posted: 27 May,all,Ender Raz,"This game is amazing. you wake up and  you feed  slimes, collect poop  (yes, poop) and sell it. on the way, you discover slimes that have never been seen. much awesomeness11/10 would sell poop"
,Recommended,433340,31979681,Posted: 26 May,all,Eniqua,"Best $20 I ever spent!I bought this game maybe about a month after its release, and even though it didn't have much at the time it was still a lot of fun and super cute.Now there's so much in the game, it's still super cute, and I still have a lot of fun with it whether I'm stressed or sick!A very relaxing game! 10/10"
,Recommended,433340,31972028,Posted: 26 May,all,Stuck Dick In Plush Toy,"TL:DR Version:The game's packed with content, hidden or not. Has a good adventure aspect and rewards the player for doing such and the tycoon aspect is very simple and intuitive. However, the fun instantly turns into tedious chores in keeping your ever-expanding ranch in check.These are just my opinions of the game, and you might very well have an opinion being different from mine.The GoodEasy to get into, mechanics are rather simple, you catch slimes and put them in corals or let them roam free within the confines of your ranch, feed them and in return obtain their plorts to sell.Adorable design to the slimes as well as the architecture, and landscaping and terrain.Lots of variety with the slimes, each with unique preferences in food types, as well as the ability to combine slime types via feeding them plorts of other slime species.An upgrade system:This applies to both your character and the structures as you progress.The character upgrade system is simple, upgrades your basic stats as well as giving your character additional tools for easier traversal.The structure upgrading system comes in response to the variety of slimes, with some having different behaviours and some having certain reactions to the environment.Presence of Customization, you can expand your ranch by purchasing lots which have different terrains, with each terrain complementing select slimes. There is also the presence of changing between color schemes for your house, other structures as well as your vac device.A crafting system, although it is accessible in the later stages of playthroughs, it provides a variety of nifty tools for material collecting, transportation via portals as well as lures for gordos slimesThe BadTraversing instantly becomes tedious over the course of the playthrough, with each unlockable area being considerably farther from your homestead, without the early upgrades to mobility, it will become a time-consuming chore, and can take up a relatively big chunk of your time spent in the game.Other than the traversing aspect becoming tedious, so does the tycoon management aspect suffer from the same thing. The tedium of traversing over terrain also related to the management, with each lot being pretty far from each other, I found myself wasting my 250 energy just crossing from 1 plot to another, downsizing is the solution to this, but I don't think the developers would indulge on it.After a few hours, you can lose your sense of direction in the game, as the other aspects of the game aren't very or intriguing i.e. the gadgetry system, seems like a promising idea but is very discouraging by the amount of materials and the vagueness of how to obtain them, as well as the need to set aside a considerable chunk of their plort inventory to even start on it.Lack of multiplayer, this game looks like it has been tuned for a multiplayer co-op experience, yet it lacks it, although it is still in early access, and MP may come in the future, it is still a disappointment that it wasn't a thing within the game in the first place.Although I have put much more effort in detailing the downsides, the game is still very much a fun game, offering tens of hours of gameplay in the state which it is in right now, I hope to change my review in the upcoming updates being rolled out."
,Recommended,433340,30495795,Posted: 13 March,all,ShinyShadowFox,"Okay so, I LOVE THIS GAME! *calms down* Reasons why=1. So much adventure2. Love the cartoon look3. Tabby Slimes are to adorable to reseistand... alot more but im too lazy too put them down.The creater spent lots of time on dis game and so far its awesome! So keep up the good work Monomi Park!"
76561198133856718,Recommended,433340,28967302,Posted: 2 January,all,Sopa Gamja,"Amazing game full of exploration, ranching, and selling poop for money."
,Recommended,433340,31860554,Posted: 20 May,all,BarraStoop,Amazing game. Amazing music. Amazingly super cute slimes. I recommend.
76561198127769594,Recommended,433340,31869977,Posted: 20 May,all,Dboyz,i Love the Game it's fun
76561198177004031,Recommended,433340,31801172,Posted: 17 May,all,Moonie,"-Buy game.-OOOHHHH CUTE PINK SLIMES! I WANT EM-Explore more. I like that black slime.-Falls into sea.-Restart.-OOOOHHH CUTE PINK SLIMES!-Finds other cute slimes.-WANT EM ALL!-Ditches pink slimes to tarrs.-Keeps many different slimes free ranging.-Throws some carrots,-Plorts are formed, slimes rush in,-Tarrs are formed-Falls into slime sea escaping.-11/10 will keep tarrs againBUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,433340,27244653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tabby Slime,10/10 can have slaves of my own species that give me money in the form of poopalso you can throw them into the ocean if they get annoyingso yeahget this gameoh i almost forgot watch out for the tarrs
,Recommended,433340,30586346,Posted: 18 March,all,PRIMEVILWEASEL hellcase.com,"Really adictive awsome game, played way too much latly and would strongly recomend this game. Althogh there are some things that could be improved such as a co-op system and some more conntent but consitering it is still early acses really good game."
,Recommended,433340,20649676,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Squatlock,The cutest game ever.
,Recommended,433340,31939729,Posted: 24 May,all,lydocia,"Slime Rancher is one of *those* games - you know the kind. You don't think it'll interest you because it looks repetitive and limited. And it's early access, so why would you invest if you don't know for sure where it'll go? But then you watch someone close to you play it. And he seems to enjoy it quite a lot, too. Then he asks you to come check out his cute new slime. Or the statue he just added to his ranch. And then he'll let you try it once - just vacuum up those carrots and throw them at the slimes. Vacuum up their little drops. Put them in the machine in exchange for gold. This is actually kind of fun! So you buy the game and start playing. It's only €20, worst case scenario, you decide you don't like it as much as you thought, after a couple of hours. So you start playing, suck up some cute pink slimes, build them a nice house, figure out what the big slimes are, explore the lands, collect treasures, buy upgrades - and before you know it, you are 75 hours into the game and are asking yourself if the game was really worth it... and the answer is ""Yes""."
,Recommended,433340,28098700,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CommuNisty,its a good peacefull game
,Recommended,433340,20683830,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,XennonJulien,"best game that I got in 2016. Simple, fun, and colorful."
76561198265079595,Recommended,433340,31179965,Posted: 16 April,all,peytonlsu13,"This game is so incredibly cute, and probably suitible for children. I recommend this awesome game as a must-have for people starting out on steam."
76561198382309926,Recommended,433340,31800327,Posted: 17 May,all,Dittonim,"Slime rancher is a single player game all about wrangling creatures called slimes and making the far far ranges a  better/more civalised place. Slime rancher is an absoloutely amazing game with cute and wonderful graphics and has become one of my favourite games of all time as of June 2017.All that needs to be improved are  some minor gliches and bugs releating to the vacpack and slimes but when you put that aside, it is a game that always cheers me up when im down and I definitely recommend it."
76561198092670437,Recommended,433340,28832163,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,"From an objective standpoint, Is it worth $20 or more? No.Ive done just about everything you can do in the game in the span of about 7 hours. I've collected every slime type, explored everywhere, found all treasure pods (didn't feel like going back to unlock them when the ability to do so was unlocked), and have stock piled on every plort (the various currency types in the game) and slime. I didn't touch the lab too much as it was the only thing left to me after everything else, and it didn't look all that interesting when it was the /only/ other thing left to do (I think it was just some extra gadgets and farming simulator stuff).However, I did have loads of fun in the total 9 hours that I've played this game. I would say if you like relaxing, stress-free games go with this one. The soundtrack, the cute slimes, and the lack of focus on combat always seems to give me some sort of intant happiness. Seriously, as other commentators here have said, this game attempts to make depression more copable or at the very least allows you to forget about it for a little while.I would say get this game when it's on sale. For the amount of content, $10 is much more reasonable."
76561198291315976,Recommended,433340,31515833,Posted: 2 May,all,CaptainFanatic,"Slime Rancher is an absolutely delightful game. Its an fps open world alien farming sim, I think. The design of the slimes, the other ranchers, the world, and the other items and gadgets you aquire all fit a very appealing aesthetic. It's bright, cheery, and colorful, but not so much so to be obnoxious. Exploration is very interesting and enjoyable, even though the game is currently incomplete. There, for the most part, has been no real story elements until the most recent update, (Slight spoilers ahead) where you learn bits and peices about the guy who owned your ranch before you, and get emails from your love interest back on earth. There are only a few emails you can get right now, but to my understanding, there are more on the way. In this aspect, the game is surprisingly emmersive. I honestly felt like I was waiting for letters from my long-distance lover; every morning I'd hope the Casey (the love interest) sent me a note, I was always delighted and would rush back to my house to read it. And on that, Slime Rancher is progressive in a way I completely did not expect! The character you play (Beatrix LeBeau) has a meaningful, complex romantic relationship with another woman! I cannot express with words how happy I was to see my favorite game would have a gay female protag like me! It's a risky move on the developers part that I hope works out. I'm eternally grateful for was seems like will be a realistic and genuine portrayal of a long distance relationship that is also gay; I really love that. So if I were you, especially if you are a queer girl, I'd definately get this game. It's a fresh, delightful, fps with a kind of romance usually not seen in games (by that I both mean a fleshed out long-distance relationship and a gay one!)."
,Recommended,433340,26680656,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FlameStarOfFireclan,great game i love it and recommend it to any one who likes cute adorable creatures that you want to hug although be prepared when you have over atleast 30 slimes
,Recommended,433340,20719763,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bandit 4 Life,I've Never had so much fun with slime in my life. 11/10.
,Recommended,433340,21121516,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Fabbrizio,"You know a game has got something very right when the biggest complaint is ""there isn't enough of it""."
76561198084753300,Recommended,433340,21122367,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Pototoro,"This game is a great game to play to wind down from stress. It's very fun with a lot to do, but not complicated and there's still much more to come seeing as how it's still got a lot of updates coming."
76561198272314014,Recommended,433340,20977388,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Phishz,this game is so fun because of honey slimes 11/10
,Recommended,433340,21064724,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Meowzer The Box,"Hype is real for the new updates, i LOVE this gameOpen world, cute, and LETTING YOU EXPLORE UNFINISHED AREAS, this game is truly my favorite from 2016."
,Recommended,433340,21064963,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,superseyien,"Dear Slime Dev and people.This is a nice and fun farm simulatur! A good Streaming game to play with while streaming!10/10 Early alfa game to play!It's cute, fun and adventures, what more do you want of an indie title!I have complited almost all the achements exept the most grinding of selling plorts and getting money, also the achements that can't be done becuse the part of the game is not yet dune!I do recommend this game for the fun aspect!With much love superseyien!"
76561198172288271,Recommended,433340,21011703,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[GMSC] Deutschland swat07,"i love the game, every thing about it is amazing. But can u do this, MAKE THE TARR RANCHABLE! I like the tarr so please make them ranchable and i will be happy."
76561198082965634,Recommended,433340,20884948,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,KulieCupr,"This is an amazing game there is a small learning curve and the fact that its new and more content will be added is amazing, I am a big fan and you should defenetly pick this up, BUT WARNING; I would reccomend waiting for a sale because there is not alot of content on 2.1 pre alpha but we were promised more so buy on sale or later when there is more content to get a better bang for your buck PS; ITS THE CUTEST!"
76561198016007922,Recommended,433340,20886641,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Skootnam Ratnum Oosnah,Colonize an alien planet. enslave the native population
,Recommended,433340,20834453,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,bRiCk AnD jOiNtY,Its so adorable and funny good game I rate 5/7 (really I rate it 10/10)
76561198040338210,Recommended,433340,20858655,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SLK,Cute and fun
,Recommended,433340,20872202,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Void Bot,Where are the Green Slimes???Good Game 10/10 :)
76561198162721851,Recommended,433340,20939528,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ender_Samurai630,"I have an idea a frost slime, it droppes frost plorts which sell for 70 coins, and you find it a new area called the Frosted Forst or you feed the puddle slime the frost fruit (a fruit that grows in the frosted forest)"
,Recommended,433340,20948988,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Max Otter,"This game is like crack, I keep coming back."
,Recommended,433340,20934670,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,colouredpencils3,Slime Rancher is the best game ever! Its so cute I cant even describe it. I just love everything about it. I DEFINITLY recomend you buy it. The only thing I want to come to the game is Steam cloud.
,Recommended,433340,20943975,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Weppy,"This is a really cute, simple and fun game! Perfect for kids or something to play to destress youreself at the end of the day!However, do not expect the typical $20 worth of gameplay like a lot of other early access games have to offer. Again it is still early access, early early access if I'm to be honest.I spent 5 hours my first day blowing through what content there was other than in-game achievments. After that there wasn't much else as I already bought all the equipment upgrades and land expansions. That doesn't mean there still isn't anything to do though as you can explore the unfinished areas, perfect your ranch setup, hoard chickens and goof around causing destruction via shooting poo out of your vacpack.I feel my $20 was a bit of a costly investment for a game this simple, however if it keeps to path the developers have planned it'll definiatley be worth it in the end!For all those who are on the fence: I'd say wait a bit for the next few updates or even complition unless you really want to see this game finished!"
,Recommended,433340,20965123,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,seapunkshark,"There are SO many pros and cons for this. But I get it, some of these will be fixed when it ACTUALLY comes out, but for now. Here you go.Pros:This is cute as HELLI love the jetpack featureSO MANY SLIMESLARGOS2 Worlds to explore!Too much moneyCons:The amount of tarrs on the greenland or whatever it's called is unacceptableWHERE ARE THE RAD SLIMESWhy do you need to explode one of the cutest slimes?Chickens are impossible to get, so you need a boom/tabby slime largo.Why can't slimes die of starvation?Thanks."
76561198213270571,Recommended,433340,21207127,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,just_a_heap_of_clown_teeth,"The only problem I have, is that steam won't let me thumb it up 99 more times"
76561198198675990,Recommended,433340,21309948,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jman,its one of my favorites
,Recommended,433340,21010366,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SmartCuzWhyNot,It's a cute game with very simple game mechanics. None the less it is a very good game that is well worth looking at.
,Recommended,433340,21508226,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,VoidBlitz16,"SLIME RANCHERGood Things About The GameSlimes are adorable.Easy to make moneyJetpacks. What else?Did I mention the slimes?Bad Things About The GameYou will sell your house for more slimes, maybe your child.You'll be forced to play this on a Mac if you don't pay for your rentYour wifeWILLleave you, taking your child.You will sell your soul to Satan for more slimesYour friends will never see you again.Remember kids, don't do slimes, stay in slime, eat your slimes. 10/10 Would sell soul again."
76561198165447621,Recommended,433340,29346443,Posted: 18 January,all,DanTheBanan,i have been playing this game almost since its alpha release and i can say it has been one of the most frequently updated alpha games out there. its an incredible game concept but there is sort of a cap right now as far as gameplay goes. but the devs have proven that they are worthy of stepping up and making this game a goldmine of fun.
,Recommended,433340,33453841,Posted: 11 July,all,Leanker,I first thought the game already had an arena where slimes can fight each other but it seems it doesn't so i would really want an arena that you can maybe fabricate in the lab or an area with a colosseum. But enough of that i really recommend playing this game it is the most cutest game i have ever played and i always am excited for new updates so i would wish the game would never stop being updated
,Recommended,433340,32733587,Posted: 24 June,all,ScottyTDM,Gr8 game 👍🏻
76561197960791354,Recommended,433340,21842345,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Febreze Wizward,"Slime rancher has to be one of my favorite games, the unique art style paired with the overall cuteness of it makes for a game with stunning graphics. It comes in as a resource management game but adds a unique twist not being just a farm with animals and crops. You can actually go around and explore, yet it has the same feel to it. I bet this would be an amazing game when it fully releases. I love exploring the new parts of the map with new slimes and a new feel to it. The most recent update adds a whole new area with three new slimes and some of the old ones. To get there you have to go through the ruins, a puzzle area with doors and a new type of slime, then you go through a teleporter to a completely new area, with new threats and new slimes."
,Recommended,433340,32623035,Posted: 21 June,all,Dart6672,"Slime Rancher is thus far one of the best farm type games I've ever played, it combines Farming, Exploring, Breeding and Role Play all into one perfect slimetastic game that will keep anyone entertained for hours on end.Since you can mix and match slimes you can breed them together to create the Largo Slime that you want. There is a lot of content already in the game even though it's still Early Access but nonetheless it is a masterpiece thus far."
76561198055379784,Recommended,433340,33444664,Posted: 10 July,all,Vokunmaar,Cute game. Worth buying. Tarr outbreaks are scary.
,Recommended,433340,33483955,Posted: 12 July,all,FrostarNova,Very fun.
76561198251952622,Recommended,433340,32265441,Posted: 8 June,all,Snooty,"Slime Rancher is the kind of game that makes you want to throw your happy drugs and replace them with cute bouncing balls of slime. My heart breaks every time I wake up to find one of my little guys hungry and looking at me like a 2 year old having a tantrum.Once you start playing it is difficult to stop and the next thing you know you have forgotten to eat lunch and dinner and you missed your birthday.While I wont go into the details of what the game is about, I can say that Slime Rancher is the only game  (and in real life) that I enjoy picking up poop.Highly recommended!!"
76561198128846028,Recommended,433340,33469377,Posted: 11 July,all,gloriousmishaps,"this game is a digital antidepressant, it's a wonderful thing to pick up when i want to wind down at the end of a long, stressful day, and i never get tired of seeing those bubbly, happy slimes. no one in this game is ever angry, i feel like i'm in a perfect world for about an hour and a half and i can forget about all of my problems.this is a good one"
,Recommended,433340,33499600,Posted: 13 July,all,detective needlenipples,This game calms my dark places.
,Recommended,433340,33572086,Posted: 15 July,all,killerzarg3,i love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooo much i hope it gets done its sooooooooooo cute and gooooooood i give it a 10/10
76561198286232084,Recommended,433340,33547194,Posted: 14 July,all,Boocachelli,"i absolutley love this game but would like to give you developers some ideas (not that u don have enough of your own) for the next update. 1:capturable gold slimes. im not saying they should be easy to catch, but what i am saying is an exspensive upgrade (say 50000 or 75000) for the vac-pac could be available to be unlocked and instead of melting in the wall it will run in fear and just not eat. same with lucky slimes but a different upgrade. 2:3 or 4 typed largos. for example, a rock, tabby, rad and phosphor. and the tarr would be formed by a slime eating rotten food or a toxic plant, animal or object. anyway i love this game and was just throwing ideas around trying to help you developers. if you dont use any of my ideas then thats fine its your game."
,Recommended,433340,20720368,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Tpghost,ITS AWESOME! i am 13 but this is a cool game but the creator needs to make this in the next version:lag fixfaster plort collector and feederno slimes who are gliching out of the cagediffrent slimes are more rarer than the othersmore plort sellersand a cabble for the silo to the corral so in the silo is food and it gets to the corral and the plort to the silo back or in the shop and then you must collect the moneypls do this your are the best
76561198075173393,Recommended,433340,27527974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jim Carrey,"Best game I've ever played, made me cry 6 times..."
76561198154674188,Recommended,433340,21569839,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,punchual,"fun, cartoony, and if it had multiplayer.......i would say that you should buy it even if you can afford fallout"
76561198312627838,Recommended,433340,33616355,Posted: 17 July,all,electomagnet,The slimes are so cute and the music is very relaxing. Its pretty good for early access
,Recommended,433340,23917829,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,"Borf, I am dog",In this game all there is to it is♥♥♥♥♥♥This concludes that♥♥♥♥♥♥is life.But in all seriousness this is one of the best games ive played i immediatly fell in love with it between the art style and just exploring the world in general. Everything about this game is so charming worth every penny spent.
76561198248146568,Recommended,433340,26751811,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Shree,"Honestly a really fun and chilled out game to play, simple game style makes it easy to understand and get used to the game within the first hour of play time. I was recommended this game from a friend and I would 100% tell another friend about it in the future. Even though it hasn't been fully released yet, I still found that there was a good amount of stuff to do. Looking forward to more updates for the game!Update: After playing the new update with the Glass Desert and the Ancient Ruins, it has made the game completly different and isn't that same simple game style as before. But still really enjoyable!"
,Recommended,433340,28642411,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KaeseKuchenDEV,HeyI´ve played this game now for a few hours and i really like this game. The graphics are really lovefully made and this sound is also amazing. Even though at first it seems that there´s no time motivation but you have to spend a lot of time in this game because there are so many things you can buy or do. I´m really excited to the ready game an example for this is that the beta is already a good game.
,Recommended,433340,28636554,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Atrixia,"Wow... such an amazing chill game all around! I think that everyone, no matter your age, could find enjoyment out of this game. There is so much to do, the music is amazing and the animation is so adorable! I am hooked <3"
