user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,434050,25991824,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Δ≡C,"Well this is the laziest rerelease I've ever seen in my life. The Megaton Edition, which was removed because it provided 5x the content this does for less money, was superior in just about every way. It's hard to wrap my mind around how they actually made this edition WORSE when they already had the Megaton to work with.The remastered Duke voice is higher fidelity, but the voice acting itself is clearly phoned in and un inspired.  They did no remastering with the original sounds and so the stark contrast with the voice is distracting and grating more than enjoyable. Ignoring the voice issue, I don't even know how, but the sound effects sound worse than in Megaton edition. It sounds like they ported from a Gameboy version. The strangest things have been removed. The intro menus look nicer than Megaton, but all in-game graphics and HUD are pixelated and ugly, they got rid of the reskin and pixel smoothing Megaton allowed you to turn on or off. You can't rename your save games, it's just ""Slot 1"". Why? Such a trivial change that would require you to actively change code to remove functionality.They added colored lighting, a feature present in every Build source port for the last, what, 5 years? 10? No updated textures, no 3D models, none of the other functionality offered for free by EDuke and others. Only new weapon added is a variant of the freezethrower that's been lurking as dead code in Duke 3D since day 1, which was never implemented because it didn't add an enjoyable experience to the gameplay. Only one new enemy I've encountered so far, a trooper with a flamethrower. All the expansion packs have been stripped out, presumably so they can sell it to you again as DLC.I'm not done with the campaign yet, but I will say the new levels are very well done so far and the new music is good. The rewind feature is a nice addition to complement traditional save game system.Overall though this release could have been so, so much more, and it turned into a petty cash grab. Think about it... 20th anniversary edition. Think how much that means, how much content and functionality they could have given us. Think of what countless fans have been releasing for free, purely out of love for the game, for over a decade. Think of what Bethesda did breathing new life into the Doom remake. Think of how Gearbox could have seized this opportunity to make amends for the travesty of Duke Nukem Forever. Instead, we get this trash. I don't think Gearbox cares about or respects their customers, and I don't think they love the Duke IP.Don't buy this. Don't support this kind of corporate greed and consumer gouging. I don't condone piracy, but I sure as hell won't be surprised when the new campaign files find their way on the torrent sites just to sidestep this abomination. At least wait for a 75% off sale to get this. I wish I'd paid $5 for it. $20? Get that crap outta here."
76561198135546620,Not Recommended,434050,25998929,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Anime fan on prom night,"Duke nukem 3d is an absolutely fantastic game and a classic FPS that remains just as enjoyable today as it was 20 years ago (suck it down). This remaster is the best looking version of the game, and doesn't alter the original aside from some new sounds and prettier visuals. This is a good thing, but why do I not give it a ""recommended"" rating?1. The options menu is very sparse, and eduke has much more customizability and is FREE!2, This ties into the first one, and it might be nitpicking but there isn't even an option to turn off the auto-aim! Sure I know that's how most of the 90's fps games are but if I'm paying $20 for a 20 year old game the least you could do is let me turn off auto-aim because IMHO auto-aim is annoying as ♥♥♥♥. It's not an engine issue either, BLOOD runs off the build engine and auto-aim can be disabled by screwing with the config file.3. There is NO option in the menu to play user maps, and instead we have workshop integration. While workshop is cool and all  but I might want to play a map off the net.4. The developer commentary feels kind of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's cool to listen to the devs but it isn't present in all levels. And they seem to have even screwed up by putting a commentary track from the new episode 5 into level 1. Might have been intentional but it feels weird when they talk about new content in the first minute.5. The biggest fault with this version is the absense of the expansion packs. They were included with the Megaton version of the game (that gearbox had removed). So unless you resort to the ""under-the-router"" method of aquiring them you are out of luck. The expansions are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get physically.Some people complain about the new re-recorded voice work but I think it's more jarring than anything. I wouldn't say that it's actually terrible but it's bizarre if you are familiar with the old game. John says the same things, but he is trying to differentiate them from the old ones by saying them differently.So I would tell you to wait and see if they update this in the future before you buy it. It isn't a terrible version, just subpar as of right now.  If you have never played Duke3d before this might be worth it, but it is pretty easy to find the game physically. Just make sure you get the Atomic edition of the game and download Eduke32.  Your only other option is to *COUGH* ARRRRRGH! *COUGH* the game from you-know-where.  Gearbox had the atomic edition removed from GOG's store, so unless you bought the game beforehand you are out of luck if you are planning on legally buying another edition digitally.EDIT: Someone in the comment section says you can still buy Megaton keys.Some online key vendors are still selling them but I don't know if they will work or not."
,Not Recommended,434050,25991410,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,LunarPangolin,"Having already owned 5 different copies of this game it was inevitable I get this version too. In it's current state though I find it hard to recommend this particular version of Duke 3d.There are certainly good things about this particular release. The new levels are well done, the new music is very fitting, and the new ""incinerator"" ended up being a more fun weapon than I thought. The carry over of the Xbox versions rewind system is certainly a plus. The new renderer, while not as pretty as eduke's polymer, is pretty well optimized so performance is better than polymer in most cases. While the new voice clips seem out of place, there is a legacy voice option. Dev commentary is a nice feature though it is sparse in some areas and overly abundant in others.This release has numerous flaws however that I find both weird and unforgivable. First off someone at gearbox did an absolutely horrendous job converting all the sound files to .ogg and everything sounds very muffled because of it. There appears to be no way to turn off auto aim which becomes more of a hindrance when you have played duke 3d as much as I. Finally and perhaps the most frustrating to me is they added some weird mouse smoothing effect that makes mouselook perform wonky with no option to remove it. In its current state I just can't recommend this version of Duke 3d for the price they ask."
,Not Recommended,434050,28190266,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Deen,"Again Gearbox buys an IP like Homeworld and releases a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥remake. I purchased 2 copies of this game to play coop with my girlfriend and it doesnt function properly at all. It constantly disconnects when you finish levels, it doesnt sync correctly when the game starts and kicks you back to the lobby, and not to mention there are 0 lobbies of this game open and there are still people playing Megaton edition which was taken off of Steam. Megaton edition had working coop, working borderless windowed mode, and had a remake of the classic hud instead of just lazily hiding it and not showing the weapon keys. Not to mention this is horribly overpriced for a game I've bought 4 ♥♥♥♥ing times already, I do not recommend this to anyone considering you can get eduke32 which provides a far better experience than this for free online. Sadly I assumed the new levels and ease of use of Steam would be worth the purchase to play with my girlfriend.By the way look at this picture of the lobbies I took between Megaton Edition which is no longer for sale and this version:http://i.imgur.com/nYnYlDi.jpgVery very telling.SHAME ON YOU GEARBOX FOR SCREWING OVER DUKE FANS AGAIN. STOP TAKING OLD REMAKES OF THE GAME OFF OF STORES AND AT LEAST PUT OUT A WORKING VERSION TO REPLACE IT FIRST."
,Not Recommended,434050,26240181,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Agent,"well, i honestly can't recommend this version of Duke 3D.First of all Duke Nukem 3D is a fantastic game, but if you already own the superior Megaton Edition (Warning: This review will compare the World Tour Version to the Megaton Edition an AWFUL LOT), then you have no reason to buy this, unless if you are a Duke 3D fanatic. Here is the main issue, Gearbox removed the Megaton Edition from sale off Steam and GOG (WHY?!?!?!?!) and decided to re-release their own ""version"" so to speak. But this new version is missing the extra expansion packs Duke it Out in DC, Duke Nuclear Winter and Duke Caribbean, previously present in the Megaton Edition, also they are charging 20 bucks, compared to Megaton's 10 bucks.They do include a new episode, which is great, and remastered voice lines by Duke's original voice actor Jon St Jon. But for some unknown reason, the sound effects sound compressed, while Duke's Voice sounds High Quality, it sounds really strange since the voice lines sound Crystal Clear but the Sound Effects sound muffled. And the game has no FOV slider, and you can't deactivate auto aim.If you never played Duke Nukem 3D, i would wait for a sale, or search the internet for a copy of Atomic Edition, and run it using the EDuke32 port. However removing a much superior product, and replacing it with a much expensive inferior one is a blatant cash grab, shame on you Gearbox."
,Not Recommended,434050,25992918,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Manul12,"Right now the game is flawed, but the developers probably still could fix it and make it better.Cons:1) Old sounds are very (and I mean VERY) muffled, much worse than in DOS original or Eduke32 or Megaton. The sound looks like it is played from behind the pillow or from the bucket.2) Mouse aiming works like jelly - too laggy and unresponsible. Still playable, but not very good. Maybe it depends on a particular computer, because some other people complain too and some say it's fine. I think the game needs an option to decrease or turn off mouse smoothing. And maybe do something with mouse acceleration.3) New re-recorded Duke lines by John St. John don't have enough passion in them - old ones were much more passionate. It looks like John is tired or just plain doesn't care enough.Pros:1) ""Level replay"" feature - a very cool feature allowing, when you die, to replay - continue playing the level from any moment of time from the beginning of the level up to until before death."
,Not Recommended,434050,25991654,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"They made the 'mmm mmm mmm where is it?' into  MMMM     *pause*               MMMM     *pause*              MMMM and then Jon St. John belches out a tired old ""Where it is..?""What were you THINKING Randy Bo-bandy!Took me 2 hours to beat the episode on second hardest difficulty, the last boss is a chump.Cool level design, but for 20$? Heck no. The new weapon was a decent addition, but with so much RPG and Devastator ammo laying around never did I felt compelled to use it. Seriously, whats with the huge amounts of ammo everywhere? I was playing on the second hardest difficulty and none of it really felt difficult. The Golden gate bridge level was really good, as well as the Russian level and Egypt level - those stand out to me whereas the rest are quite forgettable. (3 out of 8.. could be worse)I was expecting crappy memes at every corner but was surprised they didn't make this Duke Nukemlands, and this is a good thing. Although there are one liners and following eye rolls, I was more distracted with the redone voice overs being generally worse than really any new pop culture references. Loved that Serious Sam cameo though, albeit I was saying to myself, ""Oh an Egypt level, there's going to be a Serious Sam gag in here for sure!"".Much like Jon's tired one liners, I am also tired of Gearbox being dumbies with their IPs. This shouldn't be the last view of Duke.. it's such a kick in the behind that it's missing the episodes in Megaton (although Nuclear Winter is pretty bad), and I felt that the new episodes didn't really blow my mind.HEH HEH WHAT A MESS."
,Not Recommended,434050,26471431,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Charlie McRapekit,"I've played and loved just about every duke nukem game that has ever existed, including fan-made levels and episodes. So when I heard that a game celebrating duke's 20th anniversary was coming out with a new episode, I was overjoyed and preordered it immediately. I wish I had put way more thought and investigating into this before doing that, because today I'm taking off my rose-colored nostalgia glasses to say this is easily the worst installment of duke 3d right now, for several reasons.1. The new episode (and main selling point) is kinda fun but also woefully short, and it only took me around two hours to complete it during my first time playing it. The new enemy is a crushed sprite of the assault troopers and don't do much other than be annoying, not to mention the final boss is so easy it was practically a joke to fight.2. A minor complaint, but the old episodes don't have anything new included in them aside from the dev commentary, which there's tons of in some areas but very little of in others. I thought a new remastered release of old content would have some new updates and changes added to all the old levels, but nope.3. Duke's voice is about the only thing that sounds high-def here. All the other sounds---the music, gunfire, enemies, ect.---sounds muffled beyone belief, like someone's smothering them with a pillow. It's actually pretty impressive how a re-release can actually sound worse than the original DOS version that was released 20 years ago.4. The game has integrated steam workshop support, but unlike the Megaton Edition, there doesn't seem to be a way to play fan-made mods and levels that you can download from duke modding websites and communities. In fact, there barely seems to be any kind of customizing at all. Nice PC options like the ability to turn off auto-aim and mouse acceleration are nonexistent here. Seriously.5. Easily the most unforgivable aspect of World Tour is that it has been stripped clean of Life's a Beach, Duke it out in DC, and Nuclear Winter. Whether you liked the expansions or not, that's easily half to two-thirds of the game's content missing right there, and the only feasible explanation for this is they're going to try to sell it to you as DLC later.6. The Megaton Edition had all the the expansion packs, customizability, and looked and played just fine, yet it was only $10. World Tour is more like a trainwreck instead of a remaster, but they want you to pay $20 for it. And just to cement that this was a blatant cash grab, they pulled the Megaton Edition out of digital stores to try to get you to buy this one, meaning if you want Megaton you're SOL unless you can find someone selling steam keys.I know that this review probably sounds long overdue, but there's a reason for that. For some reason steam wouldn't let me post my review of this game for several weeks and I'm not quite sure why. But in any case, I hope that one day that this game's problems get fixed, they add more new content and the lost content gets restored so I can make this a positive review. But for now, Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour is pretty much GearBox taking a whole pie that costed $10, eating all but one slice of it, then putting a stale cherry on top of said slice to try to sell it to you for $20."
,Not Recommended,434050,32223884,Posted: 6 June,all,findioth8r,"The first, classic levels are pretty much the same, with one exception, to be covered in a few. The new levels are ok. Not good, definitely not great, but not terrible. New weap is ok. New enemy, sprites, are ok. And now for what's not ok, and why I won't recommend this for purchase unless it does down to perhaps $6.  The new levels follow along with the classic interface. No real quick save, same archaic controls/menus/settings. The very serious negative is the new ""HEY YOU'RE DEAD"" feature that allows you to restart from anywhere in a level. Why is this bad? BECAUSE APPARENTLY ONE CAN DIE JUST WALKING ALONG (and I've done that many times) WITHOUT EVEN BEING UNDER FIRE.  Seriously, no enemies in sight, nobody shooting, and the ""You have died"" message pops up. Go back and forth to peek around a corner? You die. Walking up stairs after a big battle, when you've killed everyone? STANDING STILL, because you got a phone call, again, nobody shooting at you, bump the mouse, YOU'RE DEAD!  (NOTE: it's not BOOM! You're dead, because there's no enemy action, you just die).  I played the original episodes, and every re-release. This one is quite obviously a low-priority money grab. What Gearbox has done to a great series not only ruined this game, but also made it a certainty that I won't spend any money on ANY Gearbox products. I've seen free levels that were less kludgy."
,Not Recommended,434050,31613343,Posted: 7 May,all,CLBGamer,"$20 just to play a new episode without the other 3 expansion's that Gearbox removed the superior Megaton Edition from Steam and PS3/Vita, while also removing the DOS Version off of GoG. Defiantly not worth it at the end of the day, poor Duke Nukem you deserve better than this!"
76561198316177766,Not Recommended,434050,30464020,Posted: 11 March,all,Dastanovich,"This remaster is nothing but a quick cash-grab. They didn't include any of the previous expansions, so you're just left with a ""Brand New Fifth Episode"" with a pretty anti-climactic ending and a horrible new weapon.Here are the tips for you ""GearBox"" on how to make this the ''Best Duke Nukem 3D Remaster'' there is:- Add all of the expansions from ""Megaton Edition"". (""Caribbean: Life's a Beach"", ""Nuclear Winter"" and ''Duke it out in D.C.). You can also include the episode ""Plug and Pray"" from DK 3D on PS1 but remade and maybe even add ""Lame Duke"" if you'll complete the original 4 episodes on ""Come get some"" difficulty (Of course all of these expansions should have an option of ""True 3D""). And most importantly, all of these expansions should be ""FREE DLC"" not ""PAID DLC"", or they could just be updates.-  Replace ""Shift"" with a ""Gallery"" or just add it in the title menu so every time you complete 1 or sometimes 2 levels, a new artwork will be unlocked. There could be a total of 20-25 artworks.- Where the actual ♥♥♥♥ is the story?! Make it like in Serious Sam: TFE where you begin a game and a text scrolls down showing the new players what happened in DK 1 and DK 2, so that the new Duke fans would know the plot.Pro's:- The ''True 3D"" is pretty dope.- The ""Fifth Episode"" is enjoyable for the most part, but the new weapon is just horrible.- Mods support!!! (JK it was in Megaton Edition too, but it was removed recently).Con's:- No expansions, really?!! (as I said earlier, just add them)- The new weapon is useless.- The final boss is just pathetic.- 15 dollars (as of this review) are really don't worth it. (unless you'll add the things I just listed)"
76561198120589428,Not Recommended,434050,25991695,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,killer,Horrible game. Cash grab. Nothing about the game is better than what Megaton already does.They managed to make the lobby WORSE: you cant even chat with each other when waiting to launch!Eff this. I'm returning it.  Bring back Megaton!
,Not Recommended,434050,30251663,Posted: 28 February,all,Memory,"Gearbox going for a cashgrab.When this game first was announced, I was excited. Not only to see that they're bringing it to modern consoles. They also brought another episode with a few new things (weapon, enemies and secret cameos!). The icing on the cake was supposed to be that the new episode was filled with levels from the original designers.Needless to say, I'm massively disappointed.Why? Well, let's start with the positives:- New episode by the original map makers! :)- New weapon and enemy- Brought to modern consoles- Serious Sam cameo!That's it... That's all the positives I can find. Why? Hm..Here's the negatives:- The new maps are just... meh... I've seen better community content.- There's no new boss and the rest of the new content just sucks. The wannabe flamethrower? K- The input lag... Holy hell the input lag is AWFUL. I'd expect an official release to work well.- Lacking settings. Even eDuke32 (the superior engine) has more options. I have to use the nVidia control panel to disable VSync.. Ew (Yup, even worse on consoles)- The ""new"" OpenGL engine is terrible. The community HD pack is far better, and could/should have been made compatible.The list can go on forever. It's just pure opinion after the last line, though.Think about it... A $20 original price tag, and it's just a bad release. I can't even properly use fullscreen anymore due to how broken the game is. Gearbox (Good ol' Pitchford) saw an opportunity to milk the Duke Nukem fans. They got it. I can't return it. Just use eDuke32, save your money."
,Not Recommended,434050,30637815,Posted: 20 March,all,Dewk Noukem,"(Comparison to Megaton edition and the version from 3Drealms anthology)Pros:-New episode (7 maps + 1 secret map)-Real 3D-Rewind feature (which avoid you to spam Quick Save key)-Multi languagesCons:-Low Quality original engine-Bugged sounds at final level of Episode 1 and freezethrower--No map editor (but has a workshop, where is the logic?)--You can't play custom maps outside of workshop (or you have to use console)-The new boss is a reskin with a stupid AI-Lots of bugs-No dlcs (DC, Beach, Nuclear Winter)-20e for this, really Gearbox? (Megaton was 10e)3DRealms' DN3D (removed like Megaton) had:-Dos version with Build editor-Eduke32 with Mapster-All DLCs (+DukeZoneII)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6B6v8vbWaoChoices:1a) Wait a -50% sale, and play it...1b) ...on Eduke32.2) Try to find an original version of Duke3D and play it on Eduke32.3) Buy Megaton Edition from a reseller.I've been playing Duke Nukem 3D since I am very young, I spent days on this game, and this version disappoint me hugely."
,Not Recommended,434050,30911632,Posted: 2 April,all,retroid,"A pathetic attempt at cash grabbing on the part of Gearbox after another floundered failure in videogames. Borderlands 2 after Aliens Colonial Marines and Duke Nukem Forever failed miserably, and now the 20th Anniversary after the failure of making a ""MOBA"" shooter (Battleborn). Of course you probably didn't know Duke 3D Atomic edition was already available on Steam at one point, right? Well suddenly, the game disappeared off the Steam store, and now we replace it with this overall mediocre version of Duke Nukem 3D.It pales in comparison to Atomic Edition for a lot of reasons. A lack of DLC expansion episodes that came with the previous version. Duke it out in DC, Nuclear Winter and Life's a Beach are all suspiciously missing. The level editor has now been streamlined for Steam workshop, which of course is a positive, however I cannot forgive the lack of the expansions. A new episode was added, ""officially"" made by Gearbox, however it really lacked something about it overall. Yeah, there's Serious Sam jokes hammed in, and it has a ""Around the World in 80 days"" kinda atmosphere going on, but I just cannot forgive some of the clearly lazy efforts given by Gearbox in trying to replace Atomic Edition.Overall, I can only recommend this to either hardcore fans or people who have never played Duke Nukem before, but if you ask me, this felt like some kind of desperate attempt to cash grab with a ""NEW AND FRESH"" version of Duke without filling out the true quality of the Atomic Edition, while asking for a hefty price tag.(P.S. Jon St John's voiceover for his new lines is some of the laziest♥♥♥♥♥♥I have heard in a while, made me kind of depressed when it shouldn't)."
,Not Recommended,434050,25990652,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,``~Scre@m~``,"Unfortunatelly a complete failure (and waste of my money). I have two main concers according to this ""edition"".1. Sounds are incredibly downsampled. My ears are bleeding.2. With all of its ""graphical fidelity"" there are no additional episodes like ""Duke it out D.C."" , ""Nuclear Winter"" and ""Life is a beach"".At this very moment this is the worst port of all. Yes, even worse than xbox360 XBLA version.In short:Duke 3D Megaton Edition > Duke 3D World Tour"
,Not Recommended,434050,25992073,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,gamerstu,"Missing: more video options such as texture filtering, FOV. 3D Sprites (Shadow Warrior like voxels for items). Episodes from expansion packs are not included. New levels aren't that great. Was hoping for more of Amsterdam. Why isn't it snowing in Russia? Where's the Vegas level? New voiceovers aren't all that impressive either and still very repetative. Sound and music quality still sucks. Although the renderer is a vast improvement, it doesn't justify the price. Can't recommend it for this price. Still need Brutal Duke Nukem!!!"
,Not Recommended,434050,25997938,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,(Shadow),"Is it worth the $20? I played through episode 5 which was the main selling point, having owned so many copies of duke in the past and the recent megaton edition, is this version worth the $20 price tag? no.Episode 5 while fun, it's insanely short, 8 levels is weak compared to the other episodes and there isn't any secret levels for episode 5 either.It is challenging I did play it on Come Get Some the challenge is there but this episode should have just been added to the megaton edition. As it stands this is not worth the $20 you're better off getting the megaton edition off  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥since they still sell keys."
,Not Recommended,434050,25992006,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Calzone,"UPDATE: Nov 28 2016Since the writing of this review, the following issues have been fixed:Sound Quality has been restored to the original quality present in the DOS and Megaton releases.Original Review:Long time fan of Duke, figured I'd give this version a try despite owning the originals and Megaton edition, for the sake of comparing them.This version is inferior to both the Megaton Edition and the fan-made port eDuke32. The sound effects in this version of compressed to an inexcusable degree. Everything sounds like it's underwater.The newly recorded voice lines don't really carry the same feeling as the original lines, either. John St. John didn't give it his all in his performance and Duke sounds more bored than anything else. Gearbox were considerate enough to allow us to select the original voice lines, but like the sound effects and music they're compressed beyond belief.The new graphics are kinda nice looking, but they're no better than eDuke32's ""Polymost"" graphics. In fact, they're basically identical.This version of the game also uses the ""rewind"" system from Megaton edition, which I don't like at all. Basically, when you die, you're given the option to rewind the game to any previous point in your playthrough of the level. This removes a lot of the challenge from the game, removes all consequences for failure, and there's no way to turn it off.The game has no option to disable VSync as far as I can tell, and the game has mouse acceleration enabled with no way to disable it. There is also no way to adjust the FOV. All of these features were present in the Megaton Edition.Also, and this is the most damning thing, this version of the game includes none of the game's expansions, with the only reason given being a smarmy ""those aren't 20 years old yet :)"" from Randy Pitchford. Megaton edition included these expansions and their exclusion here is inexcusable. The only feasible reason that they were excluded was so that could be sold later as DLC.All in all? Don't buy this version. It's inferior to the Megaton Edition and costs twice as much as Megaton Edition. Chances are, you probably already own Megaton edition since Devolver practically gave it away for free numerous times. If you don't own it, unfortunately there is no other option for you. Thanks to Gearbox's underhanded business practices, Megaton Edition has been removed from all official online retailers and the original versions of the game have been removed from GOG. Legally, this is your only option for playing Duke Nukem 3D, and that's absolutely sad.Save your money. Don't bet on this Duke."
,Not Recommended,434050,25993296,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hypo,"I was hesitant on buying this, I was weary of all the terrible and lazy PC ports this year and somehow I knew in my gut that this would also fall under that category.Sadly, I should have listened, this also is a terrible and lazy PC port.Right off the bat my experienced was soured by the lack of control customization. Absolutely no way to rebind extra mouse buttons, you're restricted to customizing only left mouse, right mouse, scroll up, scroll down, and middle mouse click through drop down menus. If you stick with Mouse_button 4 and 5 for shooters like I do, you're out of luck. Why is it that shooters from the late 90s very easily accomidate for extra mouse buttons but this game doesn't?The in-game audio is absolutely terrible quality. I can see how you can get used to it after a while, but not when you're constantly being reminded with the newly recorded Jon St. John voice lines (you can turn them off by the way which is good, even though I'd love to enjoy them) that everything that's not the new lines is terribly compressed and downsampled garbage audio that can really hurt your ears.I didn't play too much of this before turning it off in outrage and honestly I really didn't have to to conclude that Megaton Edition was far better in almost every way except for the addition of a new graphics system (which is admittedly nice to look at but, you guessed it, no FOV slider so you're stuck looking through a tiny FOV) and new commentary (though the commentary, as I could see, is just Gearbox employees and not all of the actual developers of the orginal Duke 3D game).Also there's mouse acceleration with no option to turn off.And it's also missing the three extra episodes (Duke It Out In D.C, Duke Caribbean: Life's a Beach, and Duke: Nuclear Winter) that were included with the now removed from Steam Duke 3D Megaton Edition. So that's already a huge downside.This is downright terrible, the negitives hugely outweigh the positives and new content of the game, especially when the downsides impact your enjoyment of even moving around as Duke.If you have the Megaton Edition and debating on buying this version, don't even bother. And consider yourself lucky while you're at it. Gearbox's move of removing the Megaton Edition off of Steam to make way for this abomination is absolutely dispicable, though I've sadly come to expect that of Gearbox.I can only hope they patch out all of the mouse issues and actually optimize the darn game for PC players, fix the audio, and add in the previously available extra episodes as free DLC in the future, or else I cannot recommend this version of Duke 3D. Not to anyone, and I'm honestly sad to say that."
,Not Recommended,434050,27466238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elkondo,"First of all, there's some really bad mouse smoothing or acceleration going on, which took a lot of getting used to and took away much of the enjoyment.New lighting effects are neat, but make some places feel much darker than they used to be. There are no graphical options so you can't e.g. use 3d rendering without the other visual effects.Rerecorded lines are very hit and miss, some sound like they should, some sound bored and out of character (especially the ""ugh, where is it"").Developer commentary, which is the main reason I was interested in this game, is really bad. Barely any trivia or insight, just them sounding bored and saying how cool the stuff on the level is. And it's only available on 2-3 levels per episode (except for E5 which is fully commentated and possibly the most interesting one).And finally, the episode 5 itself. It's good, but not worth more than $5 in my opinion. Introduces only 1 new enemy which is more annoying than anything, setting you on fire, and goes for more modern level design, with very little backtracking. The levels themselves are much larger in size, but they feel like they're borrowing from the modern-retro level design of Painkiller and Serious Sam, with loads of ammo, big arenas connected with corridoors and huge hordes of enemies from the start. Which also means almost no pacing, they're throwing Battlelords at you from the first level. Yes, the episode is harder than the previous ones, but it's not because of smart enemy placement or puzzles to figure out, but the number of enemies thrown at you at once.Overall I can only recommend this version if you haven't played Duke 3D at all since it's the only version available right now, though you can still find Atomic/Megaton on key reselling sites, which is a much better option."
76561198040914016,Not Recommended,434050,25993699,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hive Eater (✠),"Basically, this is a Level Pack with some cosmetic updatesThis isnt worth 20 dollarsFirst time I tried to get a refund, and its sad because I love Duke NukemThe newly redone voice lines sound off, its like he did the minimum effort to pass, which may or may not be intentional. But it still doesent sound right.They changed and censored the graphic for the medkits of all things for some reason, changing it from the good old Red Cross to a generic pills symbol, which urkes me to no end because it seems to have been done for absolutely no good reason other than being ""Polticially Correct"", which is bizare in of itself, considering this games subject matter and history. Wished they would change it back, or at the minimum, give the option to change it back.The good news is that this release has a new episode, updated graphics option, a new weapon and redone voice linesBut that isnt worth it, considering you can get most of that in other versions of the game via moddingSo even if you love Duke Nukem like me, I strongly suggest avoiding this unless its on sale. Deep sale. If you can get it for less than 5 bucks, then maybe go ahead and purchase, because to me, this aint worth 20 bucks, because all you're paying for is a level pack and some voice lines, and community maps and mods will scratch that itch for you for free."
,Not Recommended,434050,26120182,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,igagfssgfii,"Somehow this port has failed to preserve the quality of original sound effects, they all sound muffled, just like a 16 kHz downsample. Hopefully this gets fixed. And... no support for map files? Am I missing something?"
,Not Recommended,434050,25998419,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,NoSkillWill,"I don't really know what I expected...Gone are the days of real passion projects, why bother when the nostalgia sell is such a pathetically easy one?I was hanging out for this game ever since it was announced - Duke 3D is my favourite game from its era by a mile, and an officially liscenced modernization was like christmas and my birthday all at once! I was so excited to see how professional games designers were going to improve upon it.tl;dr - there are numerous free mods online that do a MUCH better job.Long story - I feel utterly and totally betrayed. In terms of the modernization - the gameplay is horrendous and the graphics are the dictionary definition of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥+ St Jon came back to do some high def voices!- He sounds like he's doing them all in one take so he can go downstars and spend his ten dollar royalty check on a sandwich- The voices are high def, but all the other sounds are just... unforgivably bad. like I honestly want to know how and why they sound worse than the original games did. It's like they found the lowest fidelity sound card they could and re-recorded the game sounds through a tape recorder up against the computer speaker.The new content? I mean... I kind of expected them to recycle old assets for 'nostalgia', but this level design is something an amateur modder could crap out in a fortnight. I swear I am not being hyperbolic.+the humor of the new levels is about on par with the humor from the original games. Whether this is a good point or not depends on the person you ask.-The new enemies are not fun and not well designed. scrunched up sprites of existing monsters with incredibly annoying attacks.-The first new level has an OJ Simpson trial reference, no doubt recycled from the original game. I think that says more than enough about the degree of effort put into this.-There is forced mouse acceleration. No way to turn it off. Seriously.I've been putting hours upon hours into brutal doom as of late, in preparation for this game. This was a doom mod made by a single dude that makes the original DOOM games look and play phoenominally - wonderful new textures and effects, new weapons and gameplay elements. Brutal DOOM is a free mod. World tour cost me twenty dollars and has the same level of passion and aptitude for the real game as a small dog does with a set of copic markers. The fact that AAA games developers are still getting away with this is painful to me.I was skeptical when I heard 3D realms were coming back for this project. No doubt millions of dollars in the hole after having to settle finances with the investors for Duke Nukem Forever, I imagined their experience would outweigh their indescribable laziness. I was wrong.I was so very, very wrong.I write this so you don't make the same mistake I did. No doubt there is another me out there, another 24 year old manchild whos eyes are cloudy with nostalgic tears, holding your wallets up in the air and praying for gearbox to bring back all the memories from before your 9-5 office job sterilized your once blissful existence.They wont. They can't. It's a lie. Run. Run so very far away, there is nothing for you here."
,Not Recommended,434050,25991193,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ChromeDRG,"Kinda disappointed.Nothing better to start off by saying that the release was pretty stupid. I dont think I was the only one waiting /on/ the 11th of October for it to come out on...the 11th of October.I want you to imagine the ♥♥♥♥♥iest, non functioning of Pontiac Trans am's. and then imagine GearBox throwing new coats of paint on it and calling it a masterpiece.Welcome to World Tour boys.The Multiplayer froze and glitched for me like numerous times. I never owned megaton edition or any other previous except the old 96' DoS game so I really couldn't compare to it's previous copies.All they really did is throw a new few lines from the VA, new episodes, and music tracks. Woop-de-doo....Heres what I think you should do. If you really want this game, and don't get me wrong, I would too. Wait till it's on sale. or get it from good ol Gee tuh Ayy."
76561198320701884,Not Recommended,434050,32629721,Posted: 21 June,all,Zappafur,"I suppose it's an alright remake, but outside of the exclusive 5th episode there's nothing here you haven't seen before. Once the content from the Megaton Edition is finally included, maybe I'll re-download this, but until then I'll stick with EDuke32."
76561197963416874,Not Recommended,434050,30293536,Posted: 3 March,all,Coady,"I honestly requested a refund on this game.  As a lifelong Duke enthusiast, and owner of the original 1.3d and Atomic versions (I bought the megaton as well, which is pretty awesome), this to me is a just a disgraceful, uneeded and unwanted re entry of the franchise.  Gameplay just feels off to me, not to mention the NPC intelligence in the latest episode, I encountered bosses killing themselves and getting stuck behind pillars and corners lol.  Save your money and support a company that cares about putting out quality products, Gearbox (Cash grab Software) is hence forth on my never support list."
,Not Recommended,434050,30581683,Posted: 17 March,all,Wafflesauce,Bought and returned it almost just as fast. In the five minutes I played 4 of them were spent browsing menus looking for the option to disable mouse smoothing. I have tolerated ports that have had smoothing before but it's inexcusable that this is something that wasn't in the Megaton edition port from years prior that you can no longer buy. How you managed to make a game less playable than its last version is beyond me.
,Not Recommended,434050,25996444,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jannenator,"+ Duke Nukem+ new Lee Jackson's musics+ New Duke voices+ new maps.. it's okay+ little bit graphics improvements-Gearbox software-awful sound quality  (monsters,gun etc. )-Mouse acceleration???at least multiplayer is working fine tried 1 on 1 match with random and didn't see lagDear Gearboxi think you should leave Duke Nukem's rights to Interceptor Entertainment and 3D Realms  because it seems you don't love your fans."
,Not Recommended,434050,28621635,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,99man,"Don't bother. Graphics are upgraded, but framerate takes a hit on less powerful computers.It doesn't play or feel the same as original DN3D. Sound is tinny.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,434050,31346872,Posted: 24 April,all,BryceIsRad,"Duke Nukem 3d is one of my favorite game of all time, and I was beyond excited to play this ""remaster"".Unfortunatley this was the first game i've ever gotten a refund on.all the other reviews explain eveything wrong so there isnt any point in restating it.This is just a bad port of a good game, for me it litterally sucked the fun out of one of my favorite games."
,Not Recommended,434050,29007136,Posted: 4 January,all,Hyperchaotic,"Pros - improved graphics and textures, high resolution, pure 3D, new Duke's voice acting, developer's commentaries, new episode with new levels, couple of new enemies and new weapon.Cons - optimization, awful lighting effects, pixelated interface, price. Also, there are no additional episodes here (Duke in D.C., Caribbean and Christmas Episode). Last boss of new episode is the easiest game boss.I can recommend this with huge discount only. It's still Duke Nukem 3D and if you're the owner of Megaton Edition, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,434050,29710049,Posted: 4 February,all,Adam The Bug Dog,"I feel lucky to purchase Duke Nukem 3d: Megaton Edition, And that is not a good feeling to have. I had high hopes for the 5th episode but, I fell for it. Like it had the original devs yeah but the Commentary was overhyped cause it literately sounded like a Let's play; I mean I even heard the controller clacking and clicking in the dev's hand as they talked.Not only that, the new levels lacked... Colors and vibrant environments,  Amsterdam was a good start then, dark and grungy russian streets. Then to a dark and grungy looking  streets in Britian. The only enjoyable levels were the ones Allan Blum the Third made...The pyramid was awesome with a nice Fifth Element reference theme, The Golden Bridge was alright but it was WAY Too dark. Like YEAH it's made by the original devs which is owned by a generic shooter factory that took these levels and took a nice squirty dump of craptastic cliches of modern Shooters and the boss? Goddamn dude, How could Allan Blum The Third allow that? In the Commentary, Blum said ""You know back in the original, you went up an elevator and BAM there was a boss, I wanted to do something different and cause tension by adding in this build up."" Not word for word but The only reason he did that is cause the mini boss before the actual boss which is the Cycloid Emperor was harder, meaning they know the cycloid Incinerator sucked!To make matters worse, to show how the dev team behind it were so freaking incompetent, The secret level ""Prima Arena"" They tried to make the level less confusing by cutting sectors out, Which is blocking the area's off but NOT REMOVING THE ENEMIES IN THE BLOCKED OFF SECTORS! Thus making it impossible to 100% the level without cheating and no clipping! Gearbox knew this game was gonna flop from the lack luster final boss and cookie cutter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t level design, which is why they removed the Megaton Edition. Cause it would force new gamers to buy this heaping insult to the original, instead of buying the more superior version of Duke Nukem 3d, using the original devs and voice actor as a gimmick! To sweeten your wallet, and I feel lucky that I bought Megaton edition... Cause this sucks! It don't have ""Duke it out in D.C."" ""Duke Nukem; Life's a Beach"" and ""Duke Nukem; Nuklear Winter.""To sum if it is Tl;DR? At the beginning of the ""ALL NEW FIFTH EPISODE!"" as exclaimed on the advert description; At the beginning Duke says this ""I'm getting too old for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"" Right you are Duke, As long as Gearbox owns you? You are, I loved you but with Gearbox smearing your carcass through the dirt, you are like an over inflated mammoth with crow's feet galore that has a bad case of itchy bullocks that you can't scratch. ♥♥♥♥ you, Randy Pitchford.You tarnished the original Developers, sound design and Jon St John's good name, by using their cred to advertise your pathetic attempt at a simple concept as Duke Nukem...Go back to lieing about games, sell the rights of Duke Nukem to a company with twice your talent like.... Bethesda? You know the company who made DOOM 2016 like a champ and not failed like Duke Nukem Forever? Face it Gearbox, you suck at making Duke Nukem games!Update;I was informed by a steam user that I forgotten to mention that DOOM 2016 was developed by a subsidiary of Id within Bethesda. My apologies but other then that? My opinion still stands. I just can't recommend it when Megaton edition was a thing. Gearbox should take this port down and re release megaton edition or update World Tour to have the content from Megaton Edition. Gearbox has the shadiest business practices I ever seen."
,Not Recommended,434050,26005729,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,terry309,"To add to the fact that they removed the megaton edition, this game doesn't really feel like a challenge anymore. You can just restart at any moment... including the moment you died. Plus every single level is unlocked right from the start so you don't feel that sense of progression.It's only worth it if you want some Duke nostalgia but even then many Duke fans will be turned off from it."
76561197977187908,Not Recommended,434050,25992005,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,HomeDisruptor,- Purchased- FPS low as hell- Refunded- Will buy again if they optimize it. But speaking on Gearbox and Duke Nukem(sadly) I can't expect much...
76561197970900723,Not Recommended,434050,25991402,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Spukc,"Bought it for the extra content and dev commentary.First level starts of good.. loads of dev commentary,Second level almost nothing,,Seems like a hack jobsuch a shame !"
,Not Recommended,434050,29136341,Posted: 9 January,all,Game Daddy,"The Game does not come with any of the expansions. The only thing new in this game is the new chapter and that can be dont in about an hour. So unless your willing to pay 20 bucks for one hour of gameplay then i would say pass. If you own the megaton edition then dont touch this, its not workt the extra money."
,Not Recommended,434050,29388057,Posted: 20 January,all,Fluffy Haired NEET,"EDIT: When I wrote this review, I wrote it from the perspective of someone who solely played the singleplayer. Having tried this with co-op, I can ABSOLUTELY say do not buy this for co-op unless you can find a work around for it. No matter who hosted the server, we kept on crashing like crazy, so do not bother, multiplayer is dead anyways and with a good reason. Also switching weapons with the scroll wheel is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly slow and STILL hasn't been fixed among other things making World Tour definitely feel like a cashgrab instead of a celebration of one of the best shooters of all time on PC. If theres a positive to this re-release its that it exposes you to the Duke/Build engine community which is incredibly friendly, but that cant be attributed to WT and more for the Duke/Build shooter fanbase itself. Editing this review to fit this new experience.Duke Nukem 3D is a great game, and this re-release holds up...mostly well. With dev commentary, a slightly updated version of the engine with less motion sick inducing 3D as well as the ability to swap between visuals on the fly by pressing C, great level designs in both the new and old levels, and the good old crass humor of old shooters, there's a lot to love, but I can't personally recommend this version of the game, unless you've never played Duke 3D.The main issue comes with the price tag, $20. This game is an updated version of the Atomic Edition, which contained the first four episodes and was sold on GoG originally for $6 (For reference it ran on DoSbox unless you got the Eduke32 sourceport for better resolution and graphical options). It was re-released as the Megaton Edition with support for modern OS'/resolutions and came bundled with official expansion packs that are rare and expensive to find along, and then both versions were taken off shelves due to legal issues. Though this re-release adds a bit, the dev commentary only appears in a few select levels, and the new episode though great is incredibly short. Duke Nukem's original voice actor also returns which is a positive but some lines sound off and it just doesnt mesh well compared to the rest of the old sound effects. The biggest crime this re-release does is that there isn't enough new content leaving you want more and right now there's 0 news on new patches or support further down the line compared to what Battleborn or Borderlands got, leaving a release meant to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the game feel like a cashgrab with new content being held hostage by Gearbox if you owned any number of prior versions.If this game does gets a $5 pricetag later down the line or appears in a Humble Bundle then by all means grab it and ignore the negative review, but for now skip it. And if you do own any number of versions you wont miss this at all considering fans are making fixes to get the 20th anniversary content running in EDuke32, along with the fact that its still Duke Nukem 3D but there's barely any new content in it to justify the higher price tag."
,Not Recommended,434050,25990619,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Watcher™,Initial review:Crashy as hell multiplayerGFX certainly are better remembered than experienced.
,Not Recommended,434050,26042336,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Butane,"This sh!t doesn't even deserve a half a.ssed review. The new maps began decent then quickly deteriorated to sh!t! They tried too hard to make the maps modern in style. Not a single one is dukematch worthy. The sound FX and the new 'Duke Talk', by the legendary Jon St. John, sounds like a stale fart from your great grand mother's deceased a.ss.. The Eduke32 port is and looks way better than this pile of sh!t IMHO.If you want to play Duke Nukem 3D exactly like the way it was in the glory days, visithttp://duke3donline.com/The value of this game (port/release) is not even worth your bandwidth! The Megaton Edition which was released by an 'indie' developer had 2x the amount of peak players than this cash grab POS has.Check my screenshots comments for a partial review of this piece of c.rap. F.uck you Randy Pitchford and Gearbox. </nofilter> #drunk_reviews_f.uck_yeah! #time_for_another_beer #hail_to_the_king_baby! #rate_this_review_up_if_you_love_duke3d #hashtag #<--look_a_hash_tag #here_comes_dat_boi #oh♥♥♥♥♥♥waddup"
,Recommended,434050,33762507,Posted: 24 July,all,Vic=HKC=,"Duke Nukem is back with new promising things. However, while the port is intesting, it's no match to the defunct Megaton Edition, which was wayyyyyy more.... eeer.... complete in terms of adventures you can play.Duke Nukem 3D was released 20 years ago and was in the pure line of FPS back then. Duke Nukem was also a colorful character, interested in booze and babes, if you allow me to use the term often used in the game. Well, let's just say that some alien civilisation is invading Earth and kidnapping women to use them for breeding. Yeah, just that.Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour has the four original episodes (L.A. Meltdown, Lunar Apocalypse, Shrapnel City and The Birth) and includes a new one: Alien World Order. And this is where the disappointment begins, because the Megaton Edition included other campaigns: one in a tropical paradise island that I really loved and another one in Washington DC, with many known landmarks. Unless the future of the game includes these episodes, I would say that the 20th Anniversary World Tour is already inferior to the Megaton Edition in terms of content.You're going to say that a new weapon has been included in the last episode and I will counter back to you that while a flamethrower is nice, I didn't expect to have a new enemy that can do the same for you and that I never expected to have a sort of lava when missing my target and hurting because I've stepped in it.As for the rest, it's still nice to have a mighty foot, to use a simple pistol, a shotgun, a minigun, a rocket launcher, pipebombs, a minimizer/maximizer, a ice gun (which can hurt you too), mine lasers (that I don't use at all), the Devastator. They can be used underwater, which is nice.And apart the traditional armor, you can also count onSteroids (which I used often by inadvertance because I'm so used to reload weapons that I've pressed R before remembering that it's the shortcut for the Steroids and that you don't reload your weapons)Nightvision Goggles (useful to spot enemies)Scuba Gear (so that you don't drown)Holoduke (I forgot to use it, it would have spared me some hurtful encounters as the enemies would have been focused on an hologram)Jetpack (mainly used for secrets but you can also avoid some terrible jumps)Security Boots (so that you don't hurt yourself on slime or toxic waste, though some of them are just quick as to write a sentence to destroy your boots)Medipack (to heal yourself when there is no medikit around)Enemies are still the same: you still have simple troopers, the pig cops, the minigun lizard that is quick to die with shotgun but not with the minigun, the octobrain, sharks (yeah, simple sharks), turrets and many others. The bosses are still hard to defeat (and guess what, the new one is using fire - new weapon, new enemies, everything has to do with fire).But you know what's caught me a few times? The way to change my weapons. I don't know why it was so hard to do it but I ended up with the wrong one (or I can't press the right button or it's just that the little inventory with them felt slow to jump from a weapon to another).I didn't really pay to the graphics: for me, they're the same. They didn't really change a bit from Megaton Edition. But well, I'm still in awe in front of the levels: the death row, the space station, the city and with the new episode, I really liked the fact that we were visiting some cities, like London, Paris and Moscow. And it's still a pleasure to discover restaurants, Duke Burgers or even a supermarket. Oh wait, there is also a kind of weird level where the hookah made you really high on drugs (or not). Really, it's still a pleasure to play these levels.The soundtrack is nice but.... why put the default sound volumn so low that we can't really enjoy it? Is this for Duke to say his famous lines to which I didn't pay attention?Another thing is the achievement. They're classic but I wish some of them were included. We have easter eggs about Luke Skywalker, Serious Sam (new episode) and the DoomGuy that are worthy of an achievement but Indiana Jones or even the Star Trek bridge aren't? And what about the Kurt Russell one? And why not to have an achievement about finishing some levels with all secrets discovered? And while it's nice to see an achievement about enemies being scrunched or incinerated, why not one about being iced and destroyed by the mighty foot? Or being blown up because of the maximizer? It would have been great to have more achievements.I didn't try the multiplayer and I don't intend to do so.If I have to resume my experience with Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversay World Tour? I prefer Megaton Edition. More content. For those who own it, the 20th Anniversary World Tour is only worthy of being in your library for the new episode, only when you have a discount. At 20 bucks, i don't feel like enough has been done - putting developers commentaries, a new episode, a new enemy, a new boss and a new weapon isn't really enough as I didn't see a difference in graphics or in soundtrack. I've still enjoyed the game, though I must say that my first experience with Duke was with Megaton Edition, so, there is no nostalgia trip for me."
76561198042799448,Not Recommended,434050,26055997,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,eviltwigflipper,"Big issues: audio is awful, no FOV slider. I got a refund, might buy again when eduke32 is 100% compatibile with this. The ""new engine"" is just awful."
76561198088399023,Not Recommended,434050,26012918,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,rebel798105,first day i installed this on my pc no issues except for lag when using mouse button 2. second day cannot get the game to run in full screen. and now my screen resolution isn't even recognized by the game. should be that hard pretty standard rez 1920x1080 144hz. game still needs some serious patching. wait for a sale before picking this up.
,Not Recommended,434050,26584852,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Shotgun Mike,"It's really fun, optimised here and there. Some nicer textures, real 3D (you can switch back to classic graphics with a push of a key) but boy it's unplayable online. Did few takes on coop gameplay with a friend and it would kick randomly one of us every 10-20 minutes. Shame."
,Not Recommended,434050,31910761,Posted: 22 May,all,TheFiend,"Oh boy where to begin...The mouse behaves weird because of permanently enabled V-Sync that I can't shut off because for some reason they thought it would be a great idea to not include it in the video settings.Jon St John is an amazing voice actor. Unfortunately, his voice over in this game leaves a lot to be desired. Some parts were honestly cringe-worthy as they sounded like outtakes rather than something serious so I'm glad the game has ""Legacy Duke Talk"" option which won't be shutting off any time soon for older episodes. The voice over for the new episode is still somewhat bearable.On a positive note, the new episode seems to be solid. I enjoyed it for the short amount of time I actually played it but unfortunately this game is somewhat unplayable due to the V-Sync option being permanently enabled. You can shut it off through the NVIDIA control panel but I have a Intel HD Graphics card and I wasn't able to do it.It really hurts to say this being a huge Duke Nukem fan because I really wanted to like this game but I would not recommend buying this game at all. If only there was an update that would fix the mouse aiming and V-Sync then this game would be very playable. The Megaton Edition was way better..."
76561198032389673,Not Recommended,434050,29004316,Posted: 4 January,all,The One Winged Bear [Team Bear],"Bought it for the new episode but went through all the episodes again!Spaceport, Raw meat are kinda laggyBut babeland is so broken with the framerate it's literally unplayable.|Real shame! Great game but it really needs to be fixed"
,Recommended,434050,32820899,Posted: 26 June,all,davidspackage,"This version of Duke thankfully has sprite-based enemies, not the 3D modeled ones. Basically all I wanted from a Duke re-release: all the original episodes, the Birth expansion, and a new episode. I'm a sucker for commentary tracks so I also really like the added-in (optional) developer's commentary nodes. Too bad the audio is kind of bad and there's no subtitles or names to indicate who's speaking. The game has been overhauled to give it some real 3D elements that you mostly notice if you tilt the camera up and down; there's also some added colored lighting, an option to see how many of the secrets you've got while you're still playing the level, re-recorded Duke lines from Jon St. John (still prefer the scratchy lo-fi Duke voice of old to the clean new one though), and a controversial rewind option that pops up when you die - you can roll back to earlier in your game and try again from there. If you dislike how it ruins the difficulty, you can turn if off. I rather like it, it beats having to keep quicksaving.Obviously there's some classic mods missing, which is a shame. I enjoyed the maps of the new episode, and like how they pull some new tricks that you previously saw in post-Duke Build games like Shadow Warrior and Blood. You also get a new  weapon, new enemy type and new final boss, though the latter is a huge disappointment - just a repainted sprite with a less dangerous attack than the old one.Would recommend buying it on sale."
,Recommended,434050,32890950,Posted: 27 June,all,_Qu[AA]rK_,"Bought it only for collection purpose, also to try the 5th episode and HD version. The 5th episode took me 2.5h to finish and was quite enjoying, tho the end boss was too easy."
,Recommended,434050,26418276,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nugget,"The low quality sound issue seems to be have fixed, I didn't change anything so I guess that was in a patch. I compared it with the megaton edition and it seems fine nowGood memories, the lighting and slight update in the visuals looks good and doesn't ruin the classic feel too much and it's Duke Nukem 3D with one new episode from the original creaters. would have been nice if old expansions were included though.cons -Gearbox logo screen is very loud.Pros ++ Machine gun sounds a little better.+ Lighting and graphics update looks good and doesn't take too much of the classic feel awayNOTE: Devolver Digital were the license holders to the Megaton Edition, it being removed from steam wasn't anything to do with Gearbox. Devolver Digital's distribution license ended, people seem to be giving Gearbox so much rubbish over this for something they didn't do."
,Not Recommended,434050,26206525,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lord Reven,The mouse feels god awful.
76561198206691363,Not Recommended,434050,25997186,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,gsaretired,bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad i want megaton duke
76561198259703790,Recommended,434050,33848374,Posted: 27 July,all,whatsmynametho,"If you're looking for a hard, carbon copy original of Duke 3D this is not QUITE it, but very close.Pros:- Main game environment is still basically the same -- if not more polished -- as long as you turn off the extra 3D rendering/occlusion and use the ""classic"" HUD. Everything else was left exactly as it was.- You can change the control settings if you're like me and once again want to play it how you did in the 90's, since some of the controls have adapted to a new genre of gaming.- Not that I care for them much, but more levels to explore.- All cheat codes from the classic have been preserved. So yes, mess around as much as your little heart desires!Neutral:- Music has been updated slightly. This won't bother some but I truly loved the grungy, bit-ty music from the original (although I guess it depended on your sound system.) Instead of the creepy, suspenseful music it's now become a little more upbeat.- Not really a huge issue, but the text that appears in the game (like what you've discovered, etc) is different, I just don't feel like it meshes well with the environment/my old memories.Con:- There is an option to load custom maps. But no map maker included... so...- No spinoffs included.TLDR: Besides some nitpickery, there are no ""real"" problems in this release, and would still recommend for anyone that wants to indulge in their nostalgia."
,Recommended,434050,32270294,Posted: 8 June,all,Zockerx96,"Episode 5 is ok, but not as good as the old ones. But for me it's worse that the add-ons aren't included (which they were in Megaton). But still a good game."
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,434050,26038878,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,fjk1138,"As a Duke fan for 20 years and counting, I have mixed feelings about this iteration of D3D.The enhanced graphics are nice, and the newest levels are quite interestingly designed and very action packed from a game play standpoint.  Like everyone else, I can't believe they left out the add ons (Life's a Beach and Duke It out in DC, etc). but I am glad that I have the Megaton edition for that.The real negative, in my opinion, is the overall sound quality.  I can't honestly believe that the game makers did not have higher fidelity sound effects on file, and should have been able to bring those up to date as well.  Or, they should have put all new sound FX in and then allow the user to mix between new and old ones, etc.  The problem with the way it  now is that you have such a mix in sound quality:  super low rez and muffled (machine gun, etc), medium quality (droids and shotgun), and then normal fidelity for the redo of Duke's voice.  The mix of these is very odd and sort of jarring at first, and took me some time to get used to.  You can switch back to the classic sounds of course, but ehh...As for the updated Duke voicings, I think Jon St John did a great job.  No, he doesn't sound exactly like his previous self, but who would after 20 years and I certainly don't expect Jon to try to sound exactly the same.  In fact, I kind of see it as a joke that Duke is revisiting his past adventures with a more ""mature""/experienced attitude.  At the end of the day, I could personally listen to Jon do the voicing of Duke all day and be thoroughly entertained by it, but that's just me.The rewind feature sucks and takes a lot of getting used to.  I am not sure what advantage this has over just saving/reloading, but whatever.  The weapon switching is not very smooth for some odd reason.  When you scroll the mouse wheel, it brings up blocky imagess of your inventory, but it doesn't always seem to select what you want.  I found hitting the 1-9 keys to work better.From a stability standpoint, some people have reported crashes, but so far either I have been lucky or the program has been otherwise stable for me and I've had no issues.At the end of the day, I don't think this is really worth $20.  Somehow, I can't help but feel Duke deserved better after 20 years.  At the very least, Megaton Edition owners should have gotten half off or something, so unless you are a diehard fan I would suggest waiting for a sale."
76561198070396439,Recommended,434050,33276033,Posted: 5 July,all,Latyss,It's Duke Nukem 3d...how you could go wrong ^^?Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour has the 3 classic episoded + the birth + a new episode where you visit certain locations around the world.The creator commentaries are quite entertaining ^^The last boss of the new episode is kinda lame ^^ but whatsoever...the rest of the game is great. I enjoyed it...like in the 90s xD
76561197993773240,Recommended,434050,32833662,Posted: 26 June,all,jeroen.wezelman,"I play Duke Nukem 3D from back in the 90s. Totally love the game, and had no problem forking out €10 for a few new levels.If you find this totally unplayable because the video lags enormously behind the sound and keyboard action, please turn off 3D rendering in Options / Video settings.Operating System: Windows 10 Home 64-bitSystem Model: Dell System XPS L702XProcessor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-2430M CPU @ 2.40GHz (4 CPUs), ~2.4GHzMemory: 8192MB RAMVideo Card: GeForce GT 550M"
76561198025260316,Recommended,434050,33407690,Posted: 9 July,all,xforgex,"The game engine itself has no improvements or advantages over the old JonoF port that came with Megaton Edition, or the eDuke32 port. If anything, some of the quirks and additions make it worse. The mouse control is a bit off and it seems as if Duke is trying to move through molassis. Using the mouse-wheel to scroll through weapons painfully slows down gun swapping because of the new mini-hud. These two effects combined makes in-game reaction time feel slow.The original DOS game had no option to switch between auto-aim on or off. It was always 'on'. I recommend you leave it that way for this port or several weapons, particularly the pistol,  end up being frustratingly useless.The Alien World Order episode is enjoyable for the most part. The maps are well designed, detailed, and constructed; with the exception of the final map, Hollywood Inferno. A few maps have odd enemy placement, as well as poor distrubution and location of weapons and healing supplies, with Hollywood Inferno being the worse offender of the lot. The incredibly easy final boss fight didn't help improve the perception any.The anti-climatic final showdown, and only getting 8 maps instead of the traditional 11 that are in the original episodes, makes the overall experience merely good instead of great.I'd recommend purchasing this, but only when it's on sale. Especially if you already own other versions."
76561198235154516,Recommended,434050,28318320,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dubz1944,The Megaton Edition is much better but I do like they added extra levels. Duke Nukem is a Video Game 90's icon that forever will be one of my favorite games of all time. Do give it a try.
,Recommended,434050,26143592,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NoVa🌛,"Pros.+ Good netcode.  Playing with 400 ping is perfectly playable, making co-op a much more fun experience than Megaton.  It was somewhat annoying in Megaton, as it would take a second before your gun would actually fire after pressing the button for example.Cons.- Expensive given that there are no expansion packs.  Duke It Out in DC, Nuclear Winter, and Life's a Beach can't be played as they're not included.  Randy Pitchford himself has said in a tweet that they won't be included as those aren't 20 years old yet (though I think they will be 20 years old next year).- Glitchy achievements.  My friend and I unlocked the find 70 Secrets achievement in just the 2nd Level of the first episode.- Can't zoom in or out in the Map - Possible bug.- The Mouse configuration is extremely restrictive.  You can't bind the mouse buttons on the side of your mouse.- Odd Mouse Acceleration and Mouse Smoothing.- Some sound effects may seem lower quality than the original DOS version of the game.- Although some people have experienced disconnecting problems, but my friend on the other side of the world and I have only had one disconnect so far.That's all I can think of right now.  Despite there being a number of things wrong, I am still going to recommend it."
76561198129871887,Recommended,434050,32476623,Posted: 16 June,all,Derk Finndlewurtz,"This is coming from someone who has played the 64 version of duke nukem rather than 3d, so take what you want from that.This game is honestly pretty fun, aside from a few game options that I wish I could change, but can't. That doesn't bother me too much, but may bother others.The only way I can't recommend this is if you've bought the other versions of 3d, because you'll be getting the alien world order as the only new thing.Why I recommend this is that besides the base game being fun, the new chapter is a pretty solid chapter with a few interesting obstacles, and the new weapon is pretty good."
,Recommended,434050,26900514,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enforcer_X,Step right up and get some!The new levels and commentary are great this is a well done anniversary edition.I do wish Megaton was still available though.
,Recommended,434050,33565487,Posted: 15 July,all,WallBuilder2017,If you own any other releases of Duke Nukem 3D than you may want to just wait and get it when its hevially discounted to get. But if you dont own Duke Nukem 3D then I highly recomend it.
76561198012581473,Recommended,434050,32793459,Posted: 25 June,all,Chrisman01,"Hail to the King, baby.The SFX and graphical updates are great, the modern control scheme is great (I remember when you couldn't aim up and didn't have crosshairs), the remastered music and Duke's voice is great, and there's a brand new act.No school like the old school."
,Recommended,434050,33481471,Posted: 12 July,all,MGX88,"It's  a classic.The remastering is done well. The developer commentary was a real treat that I'd love to see more of.It's great. If you haven't played it you really should. For those of us who grew up with it, its a real nostalgia trip."
,Recommended,434050,29923904,Posted: 14 February,all,Redxplatinum,"This version of Duke Nukem 3D is the original DN3D with newly recorded voices for Duke, some environment enhancements and a brand new episode.The new voice for Duke, from the original voice actor, I really enjoyed. It's less like him whispering to himself and more like him commentating on the situation. I'm sure it makes more sense for him to whisper to himself rather than commentating, as there is no one (except the players) that can hear him. The quality is similar to the Forever voices, so if you don't enjoy it, you could select the old voices in the options menu. You cannot use the old voices in the new episodes though.The enviromental enhancements include some cool lighting effects and 3D rendered graphics instead of the 2D looking sprites in the original. It brings out the glow in neon lighting, the flash when you shoot your gun, even the movie posters are lit. It provides some life into the game. The 3D graphics is pretty cool. In the original when you look at the tall building above you, the building looks like it's leaning over your head, because you're looking at the 2D sprite. The 3D graphics actually makes it look more like a 3D building. Not sure how to explain it, as I'm not too technical about this. The 2D sprites from character models are still there however. These enviromental enhancements will cause some framerate drops for low end machines, but can be turned off to the original graphics if you wish.The new episode features Duke travelling the world to kick alien♥♥♥♥♥ What's funny about this is that he already travelled around the world in the NDS title ""Duke Nukem: Critical Mass,"" which is a washed-down version of the ""Duke Nukem: Manhattan Project."" These new levels are designed by two level designers from the original game, and the music from the original composer. Thus, original DN3D will find something they love (hopefully). The new episode also contain a new enemy type named the Firefly. These guys are unique when you first encounter them, as they strink in size to avoid your bullets, but once you find an explosive weapon, they're easy to kill. The Firefly uses the flamethrower weapon which does some damage in contact plus damage over time due to the burning effects. This flamethrower weapon can be used by Duke, and it's pretty overpowered. This version does not include the expansion packs like in Megaton edition, namely, Duke it out DC, Carribean, etc, but I think Gearbox might have a plan for them later in the future (during their 20th anniversary perhaps?).The multiplayer isinferiorsimilar to the Megaton edition. Like the Megaton edition, multiplayer has a lobby system where everyone joins in the beginning of the match. No one is allowed to join during the game. There's no chat box in lobbies and disconnection is real. This is probably why no one is playing it. You can play with bots in DM, but they're only there for single player purposes, i.e. you cannot play with people and bots at the same time. There's also a bug that prevents you from playing workshop maps with bots, which is a shame. The bots are dumb too, so there isn't much satisfaction in mowing them down with a chaingun, or even a pistol.Workshop is back and people can create their own maps using a free software Mapster32. The sky texture for some of the maps have the pink textures which means missing texture (?). Some workshop maps don't work in the original enviroment settings, and will crash the game. You can also play maps that are outside of steam. (1) Download a map from theDuke4.netarchives,scent-88.comsite, or even in the Megaton workshop, (2) put them in the main folder of the 20th anniversary folder (3) Launch game (4) bring out console and type ""map <map name>."" For example, if I wanted to play the church.map, I would type ""map church"" in console and it'll load up the map. I played the Roch series like this, heh heh. The one thing you can't do is put in the custom voices and music like you can with Megaton.The inital release of this game had muffled voices and weapon sounds. This has been fixed. The mouse acceleration is enabled at all times, and it's a bit annoying.""Blow it out your♥♥♥♥♥quot;""Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die""Update: Upon testing the multiplayer with my friend with both Megaton and 20th Anniversary, we find that the latter has more stable connection. In Megaton, there is always a second delay from pressing a button and the game's response. Yet, 20th Anniversary is a lot more responsive."
76561198019965252,Recommended,434050,29197421,Posted: 11 January,all,RobHunter89,"A good version of Duke Nukem 3D. The port has some slight issues, and some of the new voice over from Jon St John as Duke sounds... ""weird"" I guess would be the best way to put it. But at the end of the day, it is now the only version of Duke Nukem 3D on steam, and Duke 3D is an amazing game!"
,Recommended,434050,29577682,Posted: 29 January,all,AceGoibniu,"I liked it.The new content, or new episode rather, has the best levels that I've played in Duke Nukem 3D. I've enjoyed the developer commentary too, although it's not featured in every level. The rewind after you die feature is a nice addition.The Megaton Edition contains 3 episodes not featured in World Tour."
76561198210578383,Recommended,434050,35188474,Posted: 24 September,all,mikee0070,"another great game from dos days ,i played this game  back in the day on a p120 with voodoo 1 card , i wanted  Duke Nukem Forever but never came out till 2011 and it was a let down ,,,but duke 3d was great just as good as it was  back in the late 90`s9 out of 10"
76561198061604548,Recommended,434050,35441245,Posted: 3 October,all,Vidanovich ☭,"an absolutely good and classic game, wonderful!"
76561198103591851,Recommended,434050,26002039,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,likejagger5,"Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour Review.Pros1  The new episode is amazing, it is very well made and I would say is much higher quality than the 3 episodes megaton had with duke it out in DC being the best, ( I have that expansion still on disk) and the other two being alright, while it is a better quality that still does not change the fact that they had removed duke nukem whatever version you had from steam and GOG from purchase. So you cant buy any other version of duke nukem other than this one. The new episode is the most challenging duke nukem episode even more than the duke nukem forever mod.2 The game has bots you can play against in multiplayer right now so if you cant get a online match set up because your internet isn't the best or nobody is online when you are you can play some death match but they are very easy sadly. Good for people who need to learn the multiplayer at least.3  The game has a new graphical feature called 2.5 3D or real 3D. It does make the game look better than megaton sometimes and you can turn it off to make it look more like the original, but unlike megaton you cant play the classic 1998 build port of the game so unless you have the classic already there is no way get the original version.4 The game also has the rewind feature so that if you die you can rewind back a few seconds to where you don't die. It is a n ice interesting original feature I have not seen anywhere other than on the xbox 360 port of duke nukem but it makes the game much easier, fortunately you can turn if off if you want to play the game the way it was made to be played when you die if you didn't save back to the start of the level pistol start.Cons1  The biggest issue here is that they removed the atomic edition, the megaton edition and I have not checked the console ports of duke nukem but it seems that due to license issues nobody can buy duke nukem anymore other than this version of the game. and the issues with that are if you owned say megaton edition and you wanted new players to join and play death match with you they cant buy the game on steam anymore. If you wanted to play the 3 bonus expansions that came with the megaton editon, duke it out in DC, life's a beach, and nuclear winter, you cant buy those anymore. I will call this for what it is very very anti-consumer, they should have dealt with the legal issues so that we can play as many versions of duke nukem as possible not remove a great game from sale.2  The multiplayer seems to be just like megaton edtions mutiplayer on steam and that means peer to peer networking making it stable but often very lagy empty and dead. I have played the game around launch and I could hardly get a good match going. I feel like megaton had better mutiplayer somehow despite as far as I can tell it is the exact same. They should have improved it better.3 The game has no Linux, Mac support, I have had technical issues like if I move to fast into a crowded room the game will slow down asif I was playing this on a console. I have played the xbox 360 version of the game and I don't remember it lagging in single player like that, the multipalyer is also laggy as well.4 The sound. Now john saint john did wonderful voice acting despite his age, and that is not my issue here, the issue is the games sound effects, and music sound worse than the original duke 3D did if you spent time getting it too work well. It also has worse sound than the megaton edition and it sounds very muffled. I think it should have the options between old and new sound effects, music and johns voice of duke.To conclude, the game is great playing it very very fun, it has some features better than eduke32, megaton, and those other ways of playing the game have advantages over this version. The port of the game itself works perfectly fine if you ask me I played megaton before playing this port and after a bit of configuration I didn't notice any difference in how the game ran controlled and felt but it needs work in a few areas. The game hopefully has a better build engine and might be able to run better more detailed maps than the megaton version could but I have yet to see it. I found this game really really hard to recommend for 21.99 dollars but the game was well marketed, it is duke nukem and it is not something I did not want like duke nukem forever was and I really really like duke nukem it is my favorite game to play in death match so I do have a bit of a nostalgia bias.Do I recommend you buy this game? If you do not already own the megaton edition  and you have hardly or never played duke nukem before I recommend it 100%. But if you own megaton edition and any other ports of duke nukem and you already got 500 kills in death match, beat 4 or more episodes then I don't recommend it. If you use Mac or Linux you cant seem to run the game,but I see quality here the levels are very well made a man who legally named himself the levellord and other duke devs made levels for the game the humor is still intact and the game is hard and fun. I do overall these many issues recommend it to you. I would say it is worth 21.99 dollars and it is totally worth it on sale."
,Recommended,434050,29347820,Posted: 18 January,all,Crazycow,"8/10Pros:Fast-paced GameplayEnhanced GraphicsToggleable Render Types:Software rendering  or True 3D OpenGl Polymer renderingPlays like the OG Duke NukemIncludes All 4 Original Episodes Plus a Bonus Episode Consiting of 8 Levels in totalRe-recorded Duke Voiclines by the original VANew Music Tracks by the OG ComposerNew levels were made by one the OG level desinersOld levels have received  grapical updatesNo need to install a sourceport to play the gameWorkshop  SupportCons:If you have a potato pc you WILL get lag with the true 3d rendering.Unactive MPNone of the OG Addons from the megaton edition:Life is a beach,nucelar winter and hell to the chief"
76561198272610597,Recommended,434050,34086080,Posted: 7 August,all,Whatisthepoint2424,"I feel like the game closely resembedled the original game, but the difficulty is not my favorite. This game is for the retro and hardcore gamer."
76561198111501520,Recommended,434050,26116383,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,The Jezzster,Fancy jumping in a time machine back to the 1990's? ... well that's basically what you'll be getting here.  If you really NEED amazing modern sound and graphics then stay well clear.This is a faithful port of the original game to work with Direct X. As such you're getting exactly what's promised... a retro 90's classic.For me this is great - a real nostalgia trip back to the days of the good old LAN parties with network co-ax cables stretched throughout a friend's house.  I haven't tried the new level yet but the classic levels are bringing a huge smile factor.If there's any negative comments about this game then the reviewer has totally missed the point!
76561198184110594,Recommended,434050,32588529,Posted: 20 June,all,Dr. Fronkensteen,"Arguably overpriced if you already own the megaton edition, but it includes a new episode, so it might be worth the price on a sale. That said, the price usually doesn't even drop by half when it's on sale. It's usually like 30% off. Still, better than it costing $60 I guess :/If you don't own the game at all, the  $20 is worth it."
,Recommended,434050,33712314,Posted: 21 July,all,『ßall ßreaker』™,pretty good remaster 8/10 see by yourself how it just works
76561197970888068,Recommended,434050,27887861,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skulldog,"Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour, has still got it. Even after 20 years."
,Recommended,434050,28618027,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Superpan21,"All my life I wanted to play Duke Nukem 3D. I've heard about Duke Nukem 3D: Megaton Edition, but unfortunately it was removed from Steam as of 2015. Gearbox did a pretty good job with this remaster, but there are some problems here and there. It doesn't run well on my Surface Pro 4, but it can run pretty well on my desktop. For those who have a wimpy computer, you can enable the original 2.5D graphics in this game, and it can run smoothly. All in all, this is a really good remake of a classic first-person shooter.Duke: ""Damn, these alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are gonna pay for shooting up my ride!"""
,Recommended,434050,29472220,Posted: 24 January,all,redvis,Awesome re-release of a classic FPS game!  Reminds me of all the fun times I had with Duke back in high school.  Definitely recommended!
,Recommended,434050,30340820,Posted: 5 March,all,Devastator,"Im amazed that new levels still have the feeling of original ones, and even the authors tuch still persist, Allan Blum makes moebius strips now instead of LevelLord? wtf.Original levels are also have added lights, but HRP still looks better.As a fan of D3d im happy purchasing this one, but for someone who is unfamiliar with the game this will be a letdown.And this is good, because, go home you casual players, you are not too old for this s**t."
,Recommended,434050,33617528,Posted: 17 July,all,FTLOG_IAMDAVE,"Absolutely amazing shooter, make sure you check out custom levels on the steam workshop."
76561198040088831,Recommended,434050,29240863,Posted: 13 January,all,backdarp,I would say buy if it is on sale. Its the game you remember but I wish left click work as enter. Once you play it you will understand.
76561198132792574,Recommended,434050,29079152,Posted: 6 January,all,armoredrobot,"I can see why Duke Nukem 3D was such a sensation upon release. It had gore! And one-liners! And pop-culture references! And quasi-realism! And sleaze! And macho-ness! And ""attitude!"" And possibly unintentional irony! And scantily-clad women just scattered around for no reason! It was EDGY! And it was the 90s! And it was an FPS, just to top it off!Aside from that, it had a lot of cutting-edge technical features. It was the first game to have vertical-enabled mouselook, swimming, and (limited) reloading, for a start. (Unless you count Marathon, but Marathon existed in its own weird little Mac bubble apart from the rest of PC gaming.) Also, it had an inventory, a feature that had been present in previous games (Heretic and HeXen), but its items were a bit more grounded in plausibility than HeXen's, and they were actually useful as well. Finally, they copied Dark Forces's technique for creating multi-layer levels by just putting teleports all over the place. In 1996, Duke Nukem 3D was every PC gamer and teenage boy's dream.On its own merits, however, Duke Nukem's just fine. It's a competently made shooter, with few distinguishing features. The weapon loadout's nice and varied, although the Shrink Ray and Devastator are stupidly overpowered. You take damage surprisingly quickly; this is no DOOM or Half-Life, where you can take a rocket to the face and basically be alright. If you take a rocket to the face in Duke Nukem 3D, you're either dead or dragging yourself across the ground by the skin of your broken teeth (I guess that's what Duke gets for wearing a tank top instead of power armor). The pixel art's pretty good overall, and the sound is primitive but definitely intelligible. The level design evokes realistic environments without being in any way realistic; it's also about as unintuitive and mazey as FPS levels get at times. Some parts of some levels seem to require the use of expendable items, which is a bit of a poor design choice, but it's not a major issue. The game overall is actually fairly short, requiring only about 5 hours to finish the first three episodes. It's occasionally frustrating, but overall pretty smooth to get through. As I said before, it's fine.This Steam port is also basically functional. There's a weird glitch where occasionally the game decides that the player has died for no reason, but quicksaves minimize the issue, and other than that I experienced no problems. It's always nice to be able to toggle older and newer graphics and sound.Overall, I can recommend this game. It's a big piece of gaming history, and it's not unenjoyable to get through. Just watch out for the weird attitudes toward women.EDIT: Hey, this is my 100th review!"
,Recommended,434050,28129976,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Skiff006,"Pros:-Satisfying kills.-Higher quality Duke voice.-Ability to listen to old Duke voice.-Ability to look up and down.Cons:-3D mode is terribly optimized, causing terrible lag (this could just be my system, though).-The new Duke voice isn't as energetic as the old voice.-Warped view when looking up and down on 2D(?) mode.-Weapon switch takes too long"
,Recommended,434050,35364298,Posted: 30 September,all,ambrow axeon,Way better than Shadow warrior (the old one)Pros:Everything in the gameCons:None10/10
,Recommended,434050,26425858,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,terminerder,"To be honest, this game is really good, i dont know what people expected. its just a remaster of the original with a new episode. however, im ready to address a flaw. there is less content here than there was in megaton edition. i havent played megaton edition, but for what i have seen, all the content that game added is gone here. so ,for me at least, its just lacking content like the episodes ""son of a beach"" with the beach weapons, and ""nuclear winter"". so please add these things, the fans will be very pleased if you guys do."
,Recommended,434050,29719691,Posted: 5 February,all,felipe,Best version so far released of duke nukem 3d. Obligatory for those who are fans of the series.melhor versão até agora lançada de duke nuken 3d. obrigatoria para quem é fã da serie.
,Recommended,434050,34283320,Posted: 16 August,all,Angelloproduct,its good and all but wheres the expansion packs though?
,Recommended,434050,27957718,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.BumbleBee,This game is still fantastic and it brings back plenty of old memories of playing it on my cardboard box of a PC.
,Recommended,434050,32349997,Posted: 11 June,all,MrFusy,"It's an alright game, it has its problems but meh I enjoy it."
,Recommended,434050,26822258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,svdMinori,10 Dukes/ 10 space ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197998239283,Recommended,434050,29355028,Posted: 19 January,all,Chainedkitty,"Love this game and glad to play something i remember playing years old again.Game feels like it did, you can switch inbetween old and new engine to see changes, while in thailand on my surface pro 4, i was able to play this game in my hotel room and have little trouble running it.Game feels like it did with multiple new add ons, the patch has fixed a lot of issues and it just feels like a good one.to the negative reviews with 0.3 or so hours, dont even listen to them they hardly dipped their foot in the water, suck it up and just be glad you even got a port you spoiled alien babe stealers before duke come a knocking and shoving a cosmic ton of boot up your asses.But all and all game feels good, hell even played this on a xbox controller and liked it.returned home from thailand to my desktop and was able to now run it with the new engine up and everything up and i cant seem to stop playing and enjoying the hold memories like it brought when i played hexen again.Keep up the good work"
76561198328676251,Recommended,434050,29413590,Posted: 21 January,all,Wuna.exe,This is amazing I love it great Job! Its time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew some bubble gum. But im all out of gum
76561198021763379,Recommended,434050,33108292,Posted: 1 July,all,SETO,El viejo Duke!!Jamas cansa jugar esta joyita y creo que por mas que intenten no van a poder superar este duke nukem...Por algo les resulta crear capitulos extras.De todas formas me gustaria otro intento de duke nukem a la altura de sus compañeros: Wolfenstein y DOOM
,Recommended,434050,26479784,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tr3b0r,"Not as good as Megaton, but it's worth it for the new episode. The new episode is great and the new renderer is a neat addition.A must have for fans."
,Recommended,434050,28394707,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[Zot] Sels McWillar,"For a single player Duke 3D purchase, this edition is the best I've seen and heard so far.The new coloured lighting, ambient occlusion, ""bump mapping"" and other engine improvements look great, and fit the non-filtered lego look really well. It looks like something designed by an actual artist instead of a ""let's put in every filter ever and call it a day"" guy.The soundtrack sounds good, too. It's digital audio (unsurprisingly), probably recorded from a good wavetable synth or MT32 or something like that - fits the graphics perfectly. The new songs in the new fifth episode are top notch as well, and occasionally reminiscent of John Carpenter's soundtracks.The fifth episode in general is extremely well made. Lots of new sprites and voice bytes there, and the whole ""world tour"" aspect is refreshing.Other have mentioned mouse lag, but I haven't noticed it. I'm usually very sensitive to mouse acceleration/deceleration/smoothing, but at least with vsync disabled (well, Fast Sync enabled in Nvidia's driver) the controls are as they should be.I've heard that multiplayer doesn't work, but I haven't tried it myself. As I said, for single playing, this is the shizzle.Maybe a bit expensive, but especially with the new episode and all the visual candy, I'd say it's worth it if you like Duke 3D."
,Recommended,434050,31142821,Posted: 14 April,all,TheEuphoricTribble,"This is Duke Nukem 3D. I don't think I need to say much more than that.Now, before you all say ""What does that mean,"" of which I will tell you, know that this following review is from a lifelong fan of the Duke games. That does in fact include DNF.Most people I know have probably watched or played Duke 3D, and those that haven't sure has hell know about it and how iconic it is. Thus, I won't go into the gameplay details-know that this is a classic, right up there with Wolfenstein 3D and DOOM from the 90s. This is one of those first person shooters that is just iconic, and not for the graphics it has, though good for the era it came out 21 years ago, was hardly top of the line back even then. No, why this game is so lauded and praised is for the gameplay, and the MIDI music has become legendary and sononomous with gaming. I've not seen a single gamer that doesn't have an appreciation for Grabbag.This, by the way, is the Megaton Edition re-released as a digital version with a few additional things. You've got developer tidbits from the original gang from 3D Realms, accounting the journey that brought us this classic. John St. John lent his voice for this one again, so if you're not like me and don't appreciate the DOS-era quality of his voice, you can flip off the Legacy Duke voice and hear him sans Duke Forever style. Other than that, the game IS the full game circa Megaton Edition, and has made modding that much simpler by allowing Steam Workshop. And unlike other remakes of older DOS classics on Steam today, like Day of the Tentacle, this is just a re-release with extra polish and a different way to hear Duke. This isn't a remake-this is a re-release of the game that made Duke ""The Duke.""However, as a fan of the series, that ALSO means I'm somewhat critical of things that are glaringly off. This game doesn't run in DOSBox-and that may seem like a minor issue to some, but this game 21 years ago was a DOS game. It ran beautifully, so I would have loved Gearbox if to honor that legacy that released by 3D Realms 21 years ago if they also made this a DOS game and added onto the original DOS game and its expansion packs. Instead they opted to release the game as a Windows port of that and add on the rest of what they did, creating along the way some bugs that prevent you from using a keycard at times. Relaunching fixes this, but still, it's kind of annoying. I'm also not a fan of how this game doesn't take advantage of modern-day saving techniques with the OPTION of cloud saves. If I do end up getting a new PC 3 or 4 years down the road or have to replace my hard drive in this one, that means that I lose all my save data. I'm not complaining really about this, it's just a minor annoyance to me-I'm actually also happy they opted not to as Duke 3D didn't allow cloud saving as the cloud didn't EXIST then. What I AM annoyed about and complaining is the lack of ability to NAME my save. I'm forced to save it as Save 1 or Save 2, not able to name the save with the level that I'm on, like Dukeburger or Death Row, like you could in the original release. I'm also annoyed by the fact this game supports controllers like the XBOX One controller. Yeah, I, the guy who has that exact controller sitting right next to my laptop and loves games like Saints Row and Fallout and can't inagine using anything but a controller for modernday first person shooters, said it, but there's a reason for that. Duke 3D never allowed controller support save a joystick, so considering this is a re-release, adding modernday controller support makes sense as the idea of the joystick did evolve to that, but Duke 3D was released originally in an era where playing a video game 9 times out of 10 meant you used a keyboard and (if you had one) a mouse as they were known for being complex as far as controls went. Sure you had some games that were playable and even some that were designed in a way that made them preferable to play on a gamepad, like the Jazz Jackrabbit and original Tomb Raider games (being designed with the PSX in mind, if I recall), but with Duke 3D, using one for me makes the game controls feel rather clunky and I ended up opting to the keyboard and mouse, which is what I'm used to anyways and was what the game was designed to work with natively. I also am not a fan of how Legacy Duke Voice is off by default in a game that is designed to honor a legend that launched 21 years ago now.Overall, though, this game is a classic. As I said before, it's Duke Nukem 3D. This is a game that was great back then, and 20 years later, is even greater. It's one that I would very highly encourage you snag up, as a fan of Duke or not, from that era or not, whether you grew up with it or not, whether you appreciate this game for its gameplay or just its historical value, of which I'll get into in a moment. In short, GET THIS ONE. Seriously. Fan or not, I have to give this one a rating of a solid 1,000,000/10 here. You can't do wrong with The Duke.Now, for history class. This game didn't exactly have the best graphics, even of its day 21 years ago, but what this game did right and what spurred the dedication of fans globally and resulted in the game where 3D Realms took off and became a big name in gaming in the 90s was how it played. The story that it told may have been simplisitic, but it pulled cues from Hollywood, mocking it to some and paying a goofy homage to it to others, but however you look at it, those cues really polarized this game to many at the time as this was the era where we had movies like Jurassic Park, Titanic, Independence Day, and Men in Black 1. The fact that this rode off the wave that Hollywood was riding that decade in its story (aliens invade, so one badass dude goes in and kicks ailen butt) was how this game polarized itself in an era where you had it going against games like Half-Life, Doom, and Wolfenstein 3D on PC and even console games like FF7, Super Mario 64, and Pokemon, all in an era where PC gaming was starting to slide into what was thought as oblivion with 3Dfx starting to fade, resulting in their eventual buyout by nVIDIA, which is why I think NVIDIA is the powerhouse they are today, riding off the Voodoo basis they got with 3Dfx. It was the games from that era, of which Duke 3D played an integral part, that really helped shape the FPS genre into what it's become today. Without this game, like its humor or not, we probably wouldn't have games like Call of Duty or Battlefield today. It may not of outsold Half-Life, DOOM, or Wolf 3D, but the million units it sold in the day put it on the map and polarized a community for the FPS shooters we have today in a decade where it may have ended up dying with the PC gaming community before NVIDIA grabbed up 3Dfx and radicalized PC gaming once again."
76561198021757575,Recommended,434050,26051732,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,Very Good Dosnt Have All Games In It Which Is Disappointing But Still..Isnt Too Bad At All Duke At Its Best An With Some New Stages Too As..Well A Very Promissing Game Wasnt A Huge Let Down Like The Megaton..Edition When First Came Out Perfect From The Start!!20 Bucks Dosnt Seem Like A Good Price For IT Wait Till Its Like 10 to !5!!
,Recommended,434050,26086213,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GasMask,Good rebuild and content. Makes a nice collector's item.But the developers commentary is not exactly what i expected...
76561198036497049,Recommended,434050,26503335,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cat's Eye Nebula,"I bought Duke on PC 20 years ago! O_O i've had every version since, i disliked Forever.This is a great flashback to a more innocent & innovative time in gaming.Having lots of fun. Making a let's play on youtube!If anything i invest my 20 bux in the hopes of an OPEN WORLD DUKE GAME!i give this a 8/10, what i dislike is the controller adaption. i sometimes slide after i stop, its very sensitive!i may need a new controller!i'd like to see a LEVEL EDITOR set up like SIMS so it would be easy to set up walls, monsters & weapons/itemsin a easy grid set up so anyone can make levels!that's it Nukem Nation!"
76561197969228435,Recommended,434050,28594161,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Felix :),"This is one of the best oldschool fps games! Yes, it has been repackaged an rereleased over and over again and there are many source ports. I've already got the Megaton Edition of Duke3D and got the 20th Anniversary World Tour just for the new episode. Was is it worth it? Yes! The new levels are just genious! Each of them is huge and super detailed. The ""Levelord"" himself was at it again and has created an episode that not only reaches the quality of the original levels but goes above and beyond with huge environment and lots of detailed areas and secrets to be explored. If you don't have Duke3D on Steam, yet, it's a no-brainer. Get it! Even for the steep full price you won't be disappointed. If you already own the Megaton Edition you might want to wait for a sale, like I did."
76561198043650473,Recommended,434050,26093918,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MartyWF,This game brings back a lot of Excellent Frags in the early 2000's...Pro'sIt has brought The Duke back for a new Generation to enjoy...Con'sIt does not include the 3 expansion packs you could get from Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition..Seems like they need to get Multiplayer working where you can play Multiplayer reliably with custom maps(Currently not working)Related: No way to specifiy your own custom maps not from the Workshop...No way in Multiplayer to determine The Ping for the game's members...needs difficulty settings for DM-With Bots....Overall I'm happy with it....
76561197987175590,Recommended,434050,26102692,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,BlastFromTheJollyPast,"What I liked about the gameDuke Nukem is an awesome character, who comes out with brilliant one-liners. It's like watching an Arnold Schwarzenegger film with lots of explosions,♥♥♥♥♥kicking and cheesy one-liners.The gameplay is very addictive and fun. Lots of enemies to kill. You will have trouble putting the game down.I like how you can interact with things in the environment, like the mirror or the toilet to see what Dukes response is.A great arsenal of weapons. My personnel favourites were the shotgun and the Freezethrower. You also have Dukes mighty foot, which comes in handy when you use the Freezethrower.Top-notch level design. My favourite episodes were The Birth and Shrapnel City. There are also plenty of secrets to be found, some are hidden in quite clever places.Duke Nuke 3D has many Easter eggs; some are references towards films, TV series, and other video games.Useful inventory items. Items which you can pick up around the levels and use anytime you want during an episode. The jet pack is probably my favourite.Awesome soundtrack; Fits in well with the gameplay and levels.What I disliked or was disappointed withI wasn't keen on the Lunar Apocalypse episode. I just preferred Duke Nuke kicking♥♥♥♥♥on earth.I was disappointed with the bosses.My thoughts on the 20th anniversary world tour edition.What I likedThe game has a rewind feature, so you don't need to worry about saving frequently.The new episode, Alien World Order is fantastic. The levels are very detailed; the skyboxes also look brilliant as well. There are also many secrets to be found and there is also a secret level. Episode 5 was created by the original Duke Nukem 3D developers, so it wasn't going to disappoint.A new weapon, the incinerator, which was fun to use. I was however a bit disappointed with the weapon model, they just used the Freezethrower model and added bits to it and changed the colour.A new enemy, the Firefly, they can be quite a challenge, especially in packs. It's a shame you don't see many of them.Steam achievements and steam workshop.I like the true 3D, like in the Megaton edition.What I dislikedI wasn't really impressed by the new lighting in the game; it could have done without it.I wasn't keen on duke Nukem's new voice; you can however change it back to how it used to be in the settings for episodes 1-4, but however you will have to put up with it in episode 5. The sound quality as well in world tour edition isn't as good as the megaton edition, sounds are much more muffled.When scrolling through the inventory items, I noticed they had a pixel look to them. I wasn't particularly keen on this, I preferred how they looked in the megaton edition, where you could identify what the item was.This edition doesn't contain any of the expansion packs from the Megaton edition or the kill-a-ton edition. Probably future planned DLC, which will cost money.Despite my Pc meeting the recommend requirements, there was quite a lot of lag, it was very noticeable in places where there was lots of fire, and when the firefly enemy's were attacking.The last boss on episode 5 is too easy to kill.If you already own the Megaton edition, don't bother buying this unless it's at a very good discount. The new episode isn't worth £14.99.ConclusionDuke nukem 3D is a fantastic game. It's a shame they didn't bring back the Megaton edition or release the Kill-a-ton edition. If you already own the megaton edition then don't bother buying the world tour edition unless it's at a very good discount. The new episode is good, but it's not worth £14.99 and the world tour edition has many flaws.If you don't own the megaton edition then I highly recommend you buy this, especially if you liked Shadow Warrior or Blood.Megaton edition (discontinued on steam)91/10020th anniversary world tour edition80/100"
76561198010160917,Recommended,434050,26003773,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Steven Seagull,"Sound and duke talk ♥♥♥♥ed up.Mouse aiming ♥♥♥♥ed up (huge delay). Also I cannot bind mouse thumb buttons.Settings are ♥♥♥♥ed up (almost nothing is configurable).Graphics are ♥♥♥♥ed up, what the hell this is wanted to be anyways. It does not look goot at all.I'm disappointed. Big time. I expected this to be some awesome stuff, at least as good as Megaton but with better lightning system.Now I finished the campaign, here are the good things:- The playback feature is very good, now you don't have to quick save all the time- The lightning system and other stuff looks very nice in the new episode, the maps are also nice, altough I finished them in 2 hours (I wasn't in a hurry).Not so good:- The new monster is a little bit annoying, I don't really like it.- I haven't used very much the new weapon because it is not that useful. I only used it when I ran out of ammo.I changed my recommendation to Yes because I liked the new maps, it was good to have this kind of Duke experience but I'm sure I won't play with this that much. I played with Megaton 174 hours..."
76561198282916341,Recommended,434050,26125209,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DYERDYER,"OH YEAH, BABY!!!"
76561197978030004,Recommended,434050,32341177,Posted: 11 June,all,Imy,Co-Op Desync'ed.
,Recommended,434050,34098727,Posted: 8 August,all,The Daedric Lord,classic and fun
76561198213532837,Recommended,434050,29796901,Posted: 8 February,all,yawa ka wang,"Duke Nukem 3d 20th Anniversary World tour is a fitting tribute to ""The Duke"" the lady's-man with a love for guns and KICKING ALIEN BUTT!!!!! first the pros This game is awesome It's story may not be anything special by today's standards but the game's humorous tone and and rockin  soundtrack that gets you pumped every time you play save this game from being a gineric FPS game. another thing that makes this game fun is finding the different secrets located in each episode of the game all the while finding various weapons and power-ups to make you stronger. Much like Doom Duke Nukem 3D is not a easy game on a very hard difficulty but with a little practice patience and balls the size of Jupiter you'll be ok The graphics look great even by today's high graphical standards and give off a very eary feel to it and matches the tone of the game perfectly this also has some of the best one liners and references o Doom Serious Sam and Star Wars EVER!!!!. this game added some new levels, one- liners for Duke to say and some commentery by the developers at 3D Realms proveing this game has aged well with time and with fans given their new modes to upload and multiplayer witch is just as fun as the story mode now for the cons the puzzles in this game are extremely tedious and require alot of backtracking to figure them out which slows the game down and some of the enemys (like the Pig Cops for example) are very very cheap in my opinion and alot of areas in the game are overun with them also I think it's Bull that they gave you the option to censor the game and doing that takes away all the sex and religious undertones which ruins the fun in my opinion why because either they remove sectons of the game completely or change it to make it feel the same but still have certain things removed or changed thankfully this is opional so I'm not to angry with it. dispite those cons this games pros are enough to save this game alot I give this game a perfect 10/10  a classic that has truely aged well with time and is still a rewarding and blood-thristy experience even to this very day  I highly recommed to everyone and there mother PLAY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!"
76561198270952037,Recommended,434050,26113889,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,McButtyFunklenoots,Good. (gearbox please give us the expansions)
,Recommended,434050,29916983,Posted: 14 February,all,Bovine Joni [VC],"A newly remastered edition of Duke Nukem 3D, one of the best classic shooters out there. This edition of the game includes the original three episodes of Duke 3D, The Birth from the Atomic Edition, as well as an all new fifth episode made by developers of the original game. The new levels are great fun to play, adding a new weapon and some new enemies as you progress through them. The new levels also seamlessly fit in with the rest of the game design wise, which is nice to see.There is one glaring issue I have with this version of the game however, and that is the exclusion of the expansions found in the Megaton Edition previously sold on Steam (Duke it out in D.C., Nuclear Winter, and Caribbean - Life's a Beach). I'm sure there was a good reason to not include them in this version, but it is definitely a noticeable hit to the overall content of the package. Hopefully they can be added later to the game somehow.With that said, the content that’s there is good and definitely worth looking into, especially if you've never played Duke Nukem before and are interested. I will give it a recommendation on those grounds, however if you already own the Megaton Edition it might be a good idea to wait and see if they add the expansion episodes at some point."
,Recommended,434050,26348763,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,king tyrone,At first I was thinking that this would be a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥judging by reviews. But downloading it made me realize it was as bad as people said it was. Sure the 3D Effects option makes the game lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥but turning it off was the real joy over all. I think Randy is a massive baby but however this made me gain a little more respect for him. I recommend checking this out It's fun overall. Although the fireflys are awful though.
,Recommended,434050,34782246,Posted: 6 September,all,HawkServers.co Papa Pennywise,the best 3D game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198080766036,Recommended,434050,26349794,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,eeeboy2u,I Feel that with Duke Nukem With the workshop maps I did not get the full game I only could play one level i feel with the alien new world order  map they maybe more levels than 7 should have got more levels for 5t h episode
76561198047177304,Recommended,434050,26159497,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,russellbutterfield1966,"For those who are slating this, this is the type of game which like doom changed it all, everything is the same as the original but at least I can play it on an up to date PC and not need to worry about DOS!!!!!.In 1996 to put a load of 44k samples and a whole game onto CD was quite a big thing back then, for those who are slating the sound side of it, the samples are still using the same sample rate as in 1996, so that would most prob be 22k its not muffled its no different to back then, and if you don't think I know what I am on about, I am a pro musician so I can tell the difference. Its revamped, its better, it does not crash, it works fine and its a great trip down memory lane. And for 15 quid its a great game, a lot better than some of the crap which has a licence these days. Well done Gearbox.Its better now than it was back then. 10 out of 10."
76561197968432161,Recommended,434050,33063557,Posted: 30 June,all,redz28won,Great game. Brings back fun memories of back in the day.
76561198052627469,Recommended,434050,33752483,Posted: 23 July,all,Captain Ballsack,"Great then, great now. Nuff said."
,Recommended,434050,28837106,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Papa Bay,This game confuses my small mind sometimes lmao
76561198050871906,Recommended,434050,28879205,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Slayer,"This is a classic first person shooter game, it's pretty awesome buy it and see how awesome it is yourself. Totally recommend it."
,Recommended,434050,34868926,Posted: 10 September,all,Robert Steinhauser,"I like duke becasue it's not just mindless shooting, you have to use your mind. I have found most secrets without cheating, and I enjoy doing it."
,Recommended,434050,31560025,Posted: 5 May,all,Ganthorion,"When a remake of a 20 year old game is still better then a game that took almost 20 years to make, you know you don goofed. As one of the very few people that goes ""Eeeh, it's alright"" whenever talking about Duke Nukem Forever, I must admit this is still a much better game and the update really helps if you're used to modern WASD control schemes. I think the only real drawbacks I had is some of the level design can be a little disorientating, but that's obviously a criticism of the original game itself. The scroll back feature, whilst feeling a little cheaty, does at least get you back into the game faster or at the very least doesn't require restarting from scratch. If you want to know what the hype was about this game from back in the then I'd say go for it, if you love 90s retro gaming then go for it, if you're someone who things Call of Duty is the best game ever then you'll probably get perplexed at the lack of cover to regen your health from... it's called a pick-up, it's what people used in the beforetimes."
76561198035730765,Recommended,434050,31403729,Posted: 27 April,all,HalogenFIEND,"Very good, they have kept the original feeling even with the newer missions. The multiplayer adds a nice modern touch accompanied with Workshop Compatability."
,Recommended,434050,25993901,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jesse McCree,"Duke 3D: World Tour Reviewby: StarCraftZergAlright, no need for formalities. We're jumping right into this review. This game is NOT worth the price tag. Let me explain through Pros and Cons:Pros:Remastered lines from Jon St. John himself! High quality Duke audio!New episode provided by the original level designers, Richard ""The Levelord"" Gray and Allen Blum III!New music from the man behind the originals, Lee Jackson!Multiplayer against BOTS!! No one to play with? Don't worry, bots got you covered!Workshop.. Thank goodness! No DLC for THIS game!Better graphics and lighting. Can be toggled between ""1996"" and ""2016"" mode!Now let's go ahead and look at the cons:Cons:That god damn price tag! $20 for less content than Megaton?? At least this game was a birthday gift for me..Multiplayer is as buggy as Megaton's... Hopefully Gearbox will fix that stuff.All sounds are ripped straight from 1996. Duke is in 32 bit while everything else is in 8 bit MIDI... It's awkward..Where is Life's a Beach? Nuclear Winter? Duke it out in D.C.???The price tag is REALLY what kills this game. It's a great Duke 3D port, but it needs a lot of work done to multiplayer and if the price drops then I would give this game two thumbs up! $10 - $15 is a respectable price but $20?? That's pushing it a bit.. Overall though, the game for me gets a 9/10. It does a lot of stuff right but it's a shame it's so expensive. Since when is owning Duke 3D supposed to be considered a luxury?? Good going Gearbox.."
,Recommended,434050,27498152,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ratatootie,"it's the duke we know and love with a little extra thrown in on the side. worth the twenty bucks if it's your first time playing DN3D or you just wanted to see the game running on an updated engine. other than that, don't support gearbox. stop supporting gearbox. let them die"
,Recommended,434050,26642603,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fat Angus,"Surprisingly good.  Especially the new episode, which is brilliant.  Save system is worse than the original, however.  And as for the new voices - well, falling from a great height sounds like Mr. Bean's first ♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198003454794,Recommended,434050,29131917,Posted: 8 January,all,Lord_Jack,"I've never played duke nukem before, but i have to say this is a top game."
,Recommended,434050,26044281,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Papacharino,"If you ever appreciated this game back in the 90s, you will have no problem enjoying this remake. $20 is a very fair price for this edition. The visuals are based off of an engine from 1996, so there is only so much that can be done without losing the original charm. However, the updated visuals and lighting really make this version pop and look surprising crisp. The sounds are well remixed and the new Duke talk is great. Plus, you can turn legacy Duke talk on. I really enjoy the developer commentary through each level and see this as a great nostalgic update to a game that defined my early gaming years. The mouse controls are a bit floaty and I wish multiplayer was more active, but other than that I really couldn't be happier with another reason to play Duke 3D again. The new episode is very well designed and has some pretty hilarious parodies. If you are a Duke Nukem fan, or just a fan of early PC shooters, this is a no brainer purchase. The workshop and user made levels are a blast to play with, but I hope they eventually add the rest of any official Duke 3D content, including the PSX exclusive episode ""Plug and Pray."" Support Duke!"
76561198146305214,Not Recommended,434050,29674088,Posted: 3 February,all,cid_craven,Every time I try to boot up the game it freezes on a black screen and I have to reset my PC.  Don't buy it until they fix it!
,Recommended,434050,28532903,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Spartan,"One of my first FPS games, I was only 4 years old back in 96´. I like the new rendering mode but I love to put the classic on it since it gives more notstalgia and I'm happy they kept the classic graphics on it. The only thing that is missing the classic Duke Nukem megaton menu wallpapper from the 90s. I´m not sure if you can turn it on, but they should've kept the classic menu on it.Other than that, it is a worth buy! Even for a poor student like me."
76561198338102872,Recommended,434050,27402608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jhop71,"For nearly 20 years I have played this masterpiece and IT NEVER GETS OLD!  In that time my girlfriend got fat (so did I), my dog died, my car died (3 times), I lost all my money in Vegas (twice), and I ran out of booze (but never hangovers) and this game is still just as cool as when I first pulled it out of the box and installed it nearly 2 decades ago.  If you have never played this game...what the hell is your problem?  Click ""Add to Cart"" and get it done.  You're welcome.Hail to the King, Baby!"
76561197970918619,Recommended,434050,26000197,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tristessa,"The new levels are fun, and well built. The graphical updates make the game playable, but it's obviously a dated product.Classic Duke action, total worth $20.00.Come get some."
,Recommended,434050,26002477,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,December Man,"<edit>The first patch hit and the SFX quality has been fixed, in addition to several other things I failed to mention previously (like the FoV). I'd like to add that the one-liner I mentioned  (""Ooh, that's gotta hurt"" being ""Oooooh, that's gotta huuuuuuurt"") is actually very close to the original and I was mistaken. So far Gearbox seems to be listening to the feedback.</edit>Alien World Order (the new episode) overall is fantastic. The level design, music and high difficulty level (though Blum and Levelord seem to like spamming mini bosses here) are amazing.My main problems were:SFX qualityFinal boss in AWO (The AI is broken - the boss has short range flamethrowers, but does not really try to get close enough to damage you with them, making this fight trivial... On the other hand, if he does get in range, he melts you in seconds)Technical problems with some of the sounds aside from the quality (like ambient sounds stacking on top of each other creating a loud clusterf uck)Though all of this should be easily fixable. I hope they will. As for the new recordings of Duke: most of them are fine, some of the sound exactly the same as the originals (but, obviously, with higher technical quality). Unfortunately, some of them are stretched out too much (primary offenders: ""Groovy"" being ""Grooooovyyyy"", ""Ooh, that's gotta hurt"" being ""Oooooh, that's gotta huuuuuuurt""), but it isn't that much of a problem. Some are spoken in the same exact tone (though the originals were guilty of this too). However, the worst are the pain sounds etc. - the ""gasping for air when getting out of water"" one sounds as if Jon wanted to spit out phlegm or was chocking on something that definitely wasn't water.Overall, was it worth it? Yes, the episode alone is worth it, but that's considering they fix the technical issues. I will edit this review accordingly, if the fixes come."
76561198044945862,Recommended,434050,26224902,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ErectionInstructions,"More Duke Nukem!!!! Thanks for letting us know Duke is still in your thoughts guys! Keep doing whatever you're doing here.Let's see a new, modern game if you can swing it. Have the original devs involved with that, and make sure to record enough of Jon St. John's voice so it can be used long after his passing!♥♥♥♥in' love Duke Nukem... more more more!!"
76561198047525956,Recommended,434050,26040757,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ricky Nuggets,"The sound sucks but the remastered lighting and textures are great. I love the new levels and the Steam Workshop intergration is better than what we got with the Megaton Edition. I love the Megaton Edition for the DLC but when it comes to core Duke Nukem 3D gameplay, dispite the muffled sound effects, this will be my go-to version for now."
,Recommended,434050,28152424,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jerry,"""It's time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubblegum...and I'm all out of gum..."""
76561198157083600,Recommended,434050,28114869,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ferchaud93,"The king is back baby. It's time to kick @$$ and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of gum.😉UPDATE: I get why this version got some hate, but if you look at the reviews for Megaton (on PS3 and Vita) on Metracritic, you can see why this ""not better"" edition got a ""unnecessary"" graphical overhaul. Plus I like the new episode because it makes a better sequel to the original game than the awful Duke Nukem Forever. I'm not even kidding when I say I had to return this the day after I got my hands on it. So be glad that the company everyone hates made something that is way better then Forever. Anyone who disagrees with me can as Duke would say "" Eat 💩💩💩💩 and die"" or ""Blow it out your 💩💩💩."" Or better yet get that 💩💩💩💩 outta here."
,Recommended,434050,31669582,Posted: 10 May,all,FuFuuu,Hail to the king baby !Yet another opportunity to enjoy this piece of art from the good old days (with new stuff in order to justify the price)
,Recommended,434050,31575337,Posted: 6 May,all,Shade Ghost,Epic game with a loveable character and funny lines. Plus epic gameplay!
,Recommended,434050,26322907,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Convenient Spider,"While it can't live up to the Megaton Edition (not having Christmas, Caribbean Beach, and Washington, DC), it's still a solid piece of work. It's worth getting for the new 5th episode, but not at full price. It's not the best remaster on Steam (I've played better), but it's far from being the worst (and I've seen worse PC remastered games, trust me)."
76561198072307729,Recommended,434050,26078237,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Heretic,"Get it if you are a big Duke fan. Hopefully with this new release, more people will play Duke Matches."
,Recommended,434050,26003144,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Cureless_Poison,"Duke Nukem 3D is back! And it looks better than it ever has before with Gearbox's own special ""2.5D"" lighting system! Coupled with new high fidelity re-recordings of all the original 'Duke Talk', plus a plethora of new quips from the man himself, Jon St. John, you'll find yourself getting lost in alien butt kicking nostalgia in entirely new ways and places!Ranging from the smokey 'coffee shops' of Amsterdam to the ancient ruins of Egypt's long lost empire, you'll span the whole globe, ridding it of the alien menace once again. With the brand new Incinerator weapon, you'll be turning up the heat on those alien SoB's in no time, that is, if the new Firefly enemy doesn't return the favor before you can!For those who prefer a more classic experience, the new ""2.5D"" engine can be toggled on and off at a moments notice, with no interuption to gameplay. Should the alien menace prove too much for you to handle, you can easily restore yourself back to any previously played point on your current level with the 'Flashback' system, as seen on the Xbox Live version of DN3D. Plus  anybody wanting to go 'behind the scenes' can do so with the new addition of developer commentary scattered across each and every level.The original crew has out done themselves, with astounding attention to detail and clever mapping tricks, combined with Lee Jackson's new rocking tunes, Duke Nukem: World Tour is a treat for any fan of the classic that is, Duke Nukem 3D!Hail to the King, baby!"
76561198003789461,Recommended,434050,26193914,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Dr. Cheis,"When I bought this game, I thought I was just spending $20 on a new episode add-on to my old Duke game, plus a few new bells and whistles. For perspective, this is the same price as the 90s add-on that added a new episode and no bells or whistles.As a long time Duke fan, I was actually impressed with what I received. The most underrated feature is the new rendering engine. I was shocked at how much this new engine made the old levels beautiful without taking away from the original feel of the graphics. I used to play Duke 3D with the fan-made High-Resoution Pack. Now I prefer the World Tour Edition version.The new levels are fun too. They feature lots of (reused) bosses, which I enjoy because it adds a new type of challenge to the game. The new enemy type and new weapon also add variety to gameplay that feels more significant than was the case with Episode 4 in the 90s.The price may seem steep to you for an old game, but remember, you're buying the entire game, plus its first addon, plus a new addon, plus a new engine and new features for modern hardware.The only drawback to this game as must be acknowledged is that there is yet to be any obvious ability to make it compatable with the 3 un-official expansions from the Megaton Edition. I own Duke it Out in DC, and it's a solid set of levels. Hopefully Gearbox adds a way to include those levels, particularily if they've already been purchased in some form.I understand the fan outcry about the removal of Megaton Edition and its replacement with this game, but I honestly feel this is the best move for Duke Nukem 3D. It's not just a cashgrab. This is a legitimate game. (Now if only Gearbox would put the first two Duke Nukem games out like they had been a few years ago....)"
,Recommended,434050,26194676,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sweetsour,I still remember back in 1996 where I spent countless hours playing the original Duke Nukem 3D and how much I absolutely loved the game. This game brings back some long forgotten nostalgia and I'm loving every minute of it. I'm currently working through all the episodes and looking forward to seeing the new content!
,Recommended,434050,26222197,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SpaceLordMoFu,"Alright, So all you quit your whining. This is an amazing edition of duke, its worth the money if you concider that alot of people havent payed for the full copy. Tons of workshop content.CON ♥♥♥♥ING CON:WHERE ALL MY ONLINE PEEPS AT? IM GETTING TOO OLD FOR THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!ADD ME AND LETS PLAY DUKEMATCH"
,Recommended,434050,29970546,Posted: 16 February,all,not-you,"duke3d.exe, threat name: Trojan.Gen.8, removed by Norton Antivirus, again."
76561197961326179,Recommended,434050,28654718,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,606,would be nice if they told you how to swim up or down.
76561198027103624,Recommended,434050,26097330,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NoMoreSuperpowers,Great game. Last I played it was on the N64. Miss the old mmm mmm mmm where is it.Other than that the game runs well.
,Not Recommended,434050,34262208,Posted: 15 August,all,FatDuckSkylark,Terrible laggy just get Eduke much better
,Recommended,434050,27337973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,泉 こなた,A must have for all Duke Fans out there. 10/10
76561198008226948,Recommended,434050,26928900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tronstar2005,Dukenukem 3D is  well balanced and it is a class all of it's own.
,Recommended,434050,26021239,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BippoErnesti,"20th Anniversary World Tour is a pretty much another port of the classic Duke Nukem 3D, feels a bit too expensive though. This version doesn't offer as much as the Megaton Edition did, but it is a still good old Duke. If you're a Megaton Edition owner and aren't a diehard Duke fan, I can't recommend this game for the additions alone due to its relatively high price. As the only currently listed version of the game on Steam right now, I would recommend it to people who want to play it.Good:Steam Workshop supportUpdated Duke Talk toggle, a bit jarring at first, but nice nonethelessCompletely new episode from the original authorsDeveloper commentary""Playback"" toggle -- lets you rewind the game if you die, effectively negating the need for savesNeutral:Stable, minimal issues encountered during my time with the gameBad:Five episodes, that's it -- none of the expansion packsLimited settingsQuicksaves/loads open a save/load menu every time instead of being instantaneousTwice the cost of Megaton EditionI haven't tried the multiplayer out so I can't give you an answer whether it's good or bad.As for the new episode, the levels are quite beautiful and well-designed, felt like an actual Duke Nukem 3D episode."
,Recommended,434050,26023194,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,John Darkwater,"OMG great fun reliving the memories..... This was the stuff in the 90s.... Fun, fun, fun.Only criticism is that they didn't do much to improve the graphics.. But blocky 90s graphics was, and still is fun. I love it."
76561198035961214,Recommended,434050,28333918,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,BuffMcStrongHuge,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,434050,26028757,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,YoshiMitchell,Looks Nice
76561198353345629,Recommended,434050,29755062,Posted: 6 February,all,marknye68,great!
,Recommended,434050,29587644,Posted: 30 January,all,MemmeUK,"It's not duke nukem forever, so that's a good start..."
76561198114303123,Recommended,434050,26318281,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,daneman20,"I highly recommend the 20th Anniversary World Tour edition of Duke Nukem 3D to any fan of this wonderful, ground-breaking 1st person shooter.  For those who are not familiar or have not played Duke Nukem 3D and like 1st person shooters, I still recommend this as after all of these years, Duke Nukem 3D still provides hours upon hours of entertainment.  Now, I will not review the game itself as Duke Nukem 3D has been reviewed a million times and most of those reviews can be still read online.  My review will be limited to this publication of this edition and will make references to previous editions.I think that I have probably played just about every version of this game on the PC, PS1, and Sega Saturn.  On the PC, I have played the original DOS version extensively and most (if not all) of the user ports such as Rancidmeat, JfDuke, xDuke, and eDuke.  I also own the Megaton Edition, which was removed from the Steam store last year to make room for this edition.  I own and have played all of the official Sunstrom expansion packs including Duke Carribbean and Duke it Out in DC.  I also own and have played Nuclear Winter and some of the lesser known ones like Duke Zone! II and Xtreme.  So, I think this establishes me as a seasoned player (though not necessarily an expert one).I am endorsing the 20th Anniversary World Tour for several reasons.  I really like the fact that the publisher (Gearbox) did not drastically modify the original game.  Essentially, the gameplay and graphics remains relatively the same, which in my view is a good thing.  The one major addition, which is fairly subtle, was a new lighting engine, which I really like and find easier on my now 45 year old eyes.  This makes the game playable on newer systems.  Another feature that I really enjoy is the fact that some of the orginal level designers were reunited and a new episode was created.  I am already through most of the new maps and can say that they are really awesome!  Some have commented that they have a linear feel to them.  I am not sure that I agree with that entirely.  The are big, expansive levels that fit in with the original game very nicely and are anything but linear in my opinion.  Lastly, I am very much enjoying the commentary by the original designers that is included.  I have learned things about the game I never knew.  This has me playing the original episodes again.There is one more point I would like to make about the new episode.  I think all of us fans who played the original game back in '96 will likely describe the wonderful experience of having played this game for the first time, which one only gets to experience once.  Unlike the Megaton Edition, the 20th Anniversary World Tour allowed me to briefly experience that same sensation with a new level designed by the original level designers.  The Megaton edition did not offer any new content and thus could not provide that.  Don't get me wrong, I am not knocking the Megaton edition as it offers many features that this edition does not, which I will get into soon.  Is the new episode worth $20?  Well, that really depends on who you are.  For me, having that experience of playing something new, it was worth it and I suspect that most hardcore Duke Nukem 3D players might have a similar thought.The 20th Anniversary World Tour is not without it's shortcomings.  The most obvious is the lack of expansion packs namely Life's a Beach, Duke it out in DC, and Nuclear Winter.  It is difficult to say whether this had anything to do with licensing issues or if there is some plan to release them later.  The Megaton edition has those expansions and offered the entire package at a cheaper price.  Another shortcoming is the lack of Build editor to design levels.  Of course, this is really not a huge issue for hardcore fans, because if your like me, then you can use other port tools to design your levels and them transfer them to this edition.  Still, given the cost, it would have been nice to add an updated Build tool that simplifies level design.  Perhaps, Gearbox will include that in future updates and I just need to be patient.  I guess we will see.Which brings me to the sound issue.  Others have rightly called out the sound quality of this edition.  The new sound is a bit low in quality.  I am not sure what the deal is with this.  For me, this is not a huge issue and after playiing the game for several minutes, I eventually forgot about it and do not see this as a deal breaker at all.  The new voicing by Jon St. John and remastered music is pretty good and I suppose necessary for the new episodes.  So, all in all, it really balances things out in my view.Finally, the lack of mouse aim is the only other big negative in this edition and has rightly been pointed out in other reviews.  I sincerly hopes that Gearbox fixes this issue and soon!  In my view, this is the single largest negative to this edition.I see alot of potential with the 20th Anniversary World Tour.  My hope is that Gearbox will release the popular expansion packs or at least offer the ability for users like me to manually add them.  Another possibility is that Gearbox is having the designers continuing to design awesome episodes for future release via DLC, which I am willing to pay some money (say $10 per new episodes? OR some kind of season pass?).  That is my hope, but certainly I am not holding my expectations too high.  If this were combined with a updated level design editor, the 20th Anniversary World Tour would be Duke Nukem 3D fan's dream!"
76561197965220680,Recommended,434050,26013299,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tommy Wiseau,"This is the greatest release of a game I have seen in years. Yeah, its a remastered, but guess what, ITS NOT!I will tell you why,Duke Nukem is truly back with a revamped engine with new lighting effects and true 3D. Halo, call of Duty, and other fps games lack personality, but Duke Nukem always delivers and you can count on duke. I did, and I am EXTREMELY impressed with this release. It is like playing a whole new game.People are saying that duke sounds ""bored"" , or that he isnt as clenched and gritty as the original recordings. I disagree. Jon St Jon himself said that due to his creative personality he can be more relaxed and have more freedom in voicing Duke Nukem. This is an AWESOME re-recording and a love letter to anyone who likes FPS games.The games has a WHOLE NEW EPISODE, thus making it NOT A REMAKE! It is an awesomely ported , fast paced, TRUE GAME THAT ACTUALLY CAN BE PLAYED FOR MORE THAN FIVE MINUTES BEFORE BEING BORED LIKE IN SH**TY HALO.You can interact with several new objects, and I will not spoil what they are in this review.BUY THIS GAME! BUY IT NOW! You can tour the world in the new episode, spanning from San Francisco to Russia.There is an option to turn off the overhauled EXTREMELY IMPRESSIVE engines bells and whistles if you wish, and play duke nukem in its original pixel glory. THIS surpasses original release, and is more that worth buying , with enough content to keep you busy FOREVER! This game will never get old, and if you are a true FPS gamer you will agree. If not, turn on your SH**TY ******* XBOX and play halo, then go screw yourself.I added that Xbox line as a extra one liner and no no offense to xbox fans....OH , speaking of xbox, YOU CAN USE THE XBOX CONTROLLER and it is ALREADY pre-programmed and ready to use in duke.Sorry if you take offense to this review, but this game kicks some sereous *** and should be played by all of mankind, and womankind for that matter. It is my most prized purchase of the year, and I feel like it is the 90's again, except MODERN and more , MUCH MORE content than previous releases.I hope they throw in the other expansions for free, as it does not include duke it out in dc, and the other two add on expansions. But who cares because the enw episode is AMAZING.On a last note you can factor in replay value. This will NEVER GET OLD no matter how much you play, and by the time oyu look at the clock it is already 5 AM and you will call in work sick because of the awesomeness of this game.BUY IT! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! AND THANK YOU TO GEARBOX!( I am experiencing fullscreen issues but I am sure they will fix that in a patch, and remember you can count on Duke!)THANK YOU GEARBOX, 3D Realms, and THANK YOU JON ST JON!"
,Recommended,434050,25999902,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hinahon,"Is it perfect? No.Yet, if you're a die hard Duke fan or if you've never played the original, you will surely love this one.The sound is a bit off, the voice sound is ok but all the other noises sound kinda muffled.The new episode is really cool. I love what they added to the game, yet it fits with the rest. My favorite levels have to be the one in Amsterdam for the fun side it has and the Egyptian one because of the insanely cool level design in it. I will surely replay it. I do own megaton edition and this one and I don't regret buying this edition.My pros:- New episode with 8 fun filled levels- New enemy- New weapon- More John St John- Commentary that is cool even if not present in every level.- The same spirit we all loved back in 1996My cons:- The sound that is kinda muffled- Always seem too short when you're having fun- Not a fan of the main menu screen, liked more when it played gameplay videos- New 3D graphics sometimes make the game lag, not always thought, played twice perfectly and once with bad lag, all on the same PC.For those still on the fence, wait for the sale, but yes for me, the new episode is worth getting that version."
,Recommended,434050,25999617,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,dihofrin,"I like it, this is great old Duke."
76561198016926002,Recommended,434050,26003797,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BugoTheCat,"I am really curious about the design sensibilities of oldschool game designers in the modern world. That is, what if some old map designers made new maps or a new game today. I was already thrilled about Romero's Doom maps, so I was curious what the two Duke 3D map designers would do today. That's why I bought this game, and it's true 20 bucks for additional episode on a dated game is a bit too much. Yet, there are some interesting changes that makes it worth for me. First, it's the audio commentary (which unfortunatelly seems to exist so far only in the first map of every episode but there are plenty of them). Then, new voice overs, which however sound a bit off (I cringe especially with ""where is it?"" sample when I push the walls). Then the special effects, ambient occlusion, a bit better lighting, a new flamethrower weapon and annoying flame throwing enemy and boss, a lot of new textures and level settings (even though lowres).I mean, I am kinda mixed, but I personally enjoy replaying the game, listening to the commentaries and playing the new maps. Now, the new maps, so far felt a bit,.. very well detailed, funny new themes and jokes, some of the best scenery in Duke 3D. BUT.. the feel more linear. At least half of the levels I played (I stopped on the egypt level so far). And that's what I was curious of. Will the old creators do oldschool interconnected levels? Will they follow modern design sensibilities of simplifying things? Why? Why everything goes there? The first level is full of scenery but extremely linear, uses however the portal trick somewhere to confuse you so there are few interesting tidbits, but if you put it down you wonder why?Later levels become bigger, but filled too early with big boss enemies (those huge hitscanners that made build engine games annoying compared to Doom) but it's ok except from a final boss in church level where there is not enough space and I die constantly (where I discovered the interesting rewind function, an interesting feature, yet it made possible to rewind and win, albeit after many tries, kinda making it pointless/casual). Many times you open a door with the red key, to find a small room with the yellow key for example, while it should be open the red door to discover a brand new area, where you had to search for the yellow key. It's very much open the door to hand you plainly the next key. Why? I haven't found a very interconnected level like in the old Duke3D, Blood, Doom and anything, makes me wonder why? It kinda solve my question what would happen if old designers were to make new levels again. Would they succumb into linear holding hands levels (although at least the difficulty and fun remains the same because enemies and shooting and moving is exactly the same)? Now I kinda see it (hopefully it gets better in future level, but I DNKROZed (which became DNGOD, why?) the final holywood level and it ends up being quite small and linear and not enough space with the final boss. I would replay the old classic maps and make some comparisons as I go along.Yet, I feel like recommending this one, because I had great fun with the shooting and player movement and the enemy responsed I got used to, it just plays like the old one well, the new levels have the scenery and atmosphere but not the complexity of design or size, and the commentaries are very interesting historically even if they do not exist in every level in the classics. Some stuff are good, it's not all that bad, but I still question why we can never get the map complexity of the old classic FPS even when veterans come back (I am really curious what Romero is going to do with the other new FPS, really).Also, maybe wait for the price to drop. 10$ or less would be a definite Yes from me, now it's a light one."
,Recommended,434050,26072262,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RonaldPalmer,"Solid coop, looks great, sounds great. The re-recorded Duke sayings are an added bonus."
76561198043060417,Recommended,434050,28745090,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Solid_Snake,Hail to the King!
,Recommended,434050,26061182,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mulligan Wizard,"A great game plagued but an okay port.Duke 3d is my favorite game. Below i'll list some points on how I think this game came out as both a new chapter and a port of the first 4 chapters.Note: I haven't tried the multiplayer yet so none of my points will have to do with the multiplayer.Pros-New levels are pretty good.-New duke quotes and jokes in new levels are very funny-New recordings of all duke quotes (can be disabled)-New music is cool-Dev commentary (definetly worth trying)-New incenerator weapon is fun and powerful.-Rewind system from the XBLA port is here and fun.-Workshop implemented very well and fun to experiment.-Seems like some glitches were patched.Cons-Every sound other than the new duke quotes sound so compressed. It's impossible not to hear.-Lacking a lot of graphical and visual options-New levels don't have the same exploration value (can't open every locker like in other chapters)-Levels have tons of enemies in small areas instead of scattering them around-Final boss of new chapter is a joke. Way too easy.-New enemies do a ton of damage and are really hard to kill. (can get frustrating)-None of the other expansions (like Life's A Beach)-Megaton edition was removed? Why? That had all of the expansions!-New lighting is extremely drastic and too dark at times (while light sources go straight through walls)-No secret levels in the new chapter. (Not a big con, but notable)-New Duke quotes sound kind of lame. Doesn't sound like he's trying much at all .-It's very weird hearing the compressed audio next to the high quality theme and duke talk.-I believe the new music uses motifs of older songs. Meaning it re-uses the melodies in the new songs. This is cool and all but I feel like the music relies too much on these motif's. Either way it is cool to hear a song and recognize it from an earlier chapter.Again, I believe this replaced Megaton edition. If you didn't get Megaton edition, i'm sorry, this is an inferior port of the game (even though it's the only way to play the new chapter)Final Thoughts:As an long time duke fan, this was a lot of fun to play. Although inferior to the megaton edition, I had a lot of fun with the dev commentary and hearing them talk about some of the moments from the game. It's like walking around a museum but playing a game.After playing for a while I didn't notice the compressed sound (except when breaking trash cans).If you're a classic duke fan, I'd recommend this game. If you're not a classic duke fan, I'd consider looking for a different version of duke 3d. But it's not that bad. If the game is bumped down to 15 or 10 i'd say everyone could have fun with this game."
,Recommended,434050,26003863,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,LexX,Absolutely nice to play it again after 20 years of censorship in germany. Reminds me of the good old times where games were hard as hell and more fast paced as the modern♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thanks to gearbox for the incredible coop and multiplayer experience i can now share with my already aged friends!
,Recommended,434050,28077872,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,da0wn3r,Loved it! Felt just like in good old 1996. Time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubble gum!
76561197970249902,Recommended,434050,27182339,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Honkanen,"Damn, I'm out of bubblegum."
,Recommended,434050,26061415,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TMAC Blade,"i need to to get this out of the way before i start this review....i never owned or played duke nukem megaton edtion nor have i ever played duke nukem 3D extensivly up until i bought the 20th anniversary edition. i say this because i know how people feel about gear box and many feel jipped that megaton edtion was pulled from steam and now people must buy the game again if they wish to get the new content from this version.now on with the review:so what to say about this game...coming from someone whos only past experince before this was  the nintendo 64 port.....its greate! yes it said it...great. i never beat duke nukem 3d when i was young and it was mostly due to the fact i just didnt understand what to do in order to progress in the first level....yes you heard me right......i never beat the first level. Now that im older and obviously more understanding (durp) i have decided to purchase the game again and so far im in the third episode. story wise it really isnt much...duke must save the wrold from a alien invasion...thats pretty much it..and also prevent earths many babes from being turned into whatever they are being turned into (yes i have gotten into the alien nest areas and i assume the women are being used to create alien children?) its pretty much classic old duke like many of you have come to know and love and honestly i now know why many like the game so much. yes its one of those games that was obviously captilizing of the FPS craze in the 90's Doom had created (and yes i played Doom when i was young to but like duke 3D, never beat it until i got older) but its the overal gameplay and exploritive aspect of the game that makes it so fun. yes the difficutly settings are there to make it harder and more drawn out but its the idea of 100% the levels and finding all the secrets. so far i know i havnt found all the secets but i do know that i have found a good chunk collectivly across all the levels i have played; is it good? yes.now for the removal of megaton edtion: this isnt going to affect the review but i honeslty find it a bit disheartening that megaton edtion was removed and replaced with a version that are only exclusive to this version alone. yes its the same game and missing some bonus levels wont exactly hurt but its the fact you must pay another $20 for the game again even if you already own megaton edtion (assuming duke nukem 3D megaton edtion was also $20).i know this is gearbox's property and they can do whatever they want with it even if people dont like it but it wouldnt have been bad to at least give people half off this game who owned megaton edtion. like i said they dont have to but it would have been nice."
,Recommended,434050,26245395,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,junk,Developer's commentary was worth the price alone.  New engine makes things better without changing the feel of the original too much.New episode is familiar Duke3D style maps - I was worried the maps would be awful like the DN Forever ones but they are very much in the spirit of the original.
76561197970285678,Recommended,434050,26014507,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Duke,Hello im a Random Internet guy like anyone else here.. so lets get startetI followed the forum and the hate against gearbox since the announcement of this game and how it sucks compared to the Megaton edition.I pre ordered the game from the start but got sceptical more and more about the game because of all the negativity on the forums (I own the Megaton Edition too) even by its release the negativity was there and i was shocked about the problems this game is supposed to have-mouse lag-bad voice acting-bad audio problems-way worse then Megaton editionthen i watched some gameplay videos and i thought to my self this does not look so bad and problematic as everyone claims on here and told my self but i watched some gameplay videos and thought ♥♥♥♥ it i try it my selfand i was shocked how good it actually is  i have no mouse lag  it feels even better then Megaton Edition ! the new Lighning engine is fantastic and i do love the new recorded lines for Duke too!As a long time Duke fan from the Beginning i have to say this Game is the best version out there and it runs like a dream and the sound and music is very well redone.I played the first 2 missions of the new campaign and i had a lot of fun with it and i will keep this game for sure.If you are looking for the best Duke Nukem 3D version to date this is definitly the one to go!
,Recommended,434050,26099082,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,JokeЯ,Duke Nukem. Need I say more?!?
,Recommended,434050,26076572,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Steven,Jättebra
,Recommended,434050,26003635,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Of Micra & Man,"Duke Nukem 3D the world tour edition 20th Anniversary edition is an excellent remaster on such a classic FPS game. As like most remastered games are ment to do, the re-release has made high improvements on many areas that has been patched up well, the new graphics texture, gameplay, sound and other more features with all on top is by far worth investing on this definitive version."
,Recommended,434050,26222615,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ThiccSemenDemon,This review isn't helpful.
,Recommended,434050,25991415,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mr. Apothic,"===================================================This Review is Subject to Change up to Ten Days past the release Date.===================================================Where to Begin?..What can I say? It's Duke Nukem.Here's the Pros!~Pros:New campaign with all new designs from the legend level lord.Fluid game play that we all know and love from Duke.The new weapon is insanely fun.Good settings in video and audio compared to past redesigns of the game.Updates animations on some of the enemy sprites.New spirtes to fill in the word.And new Duke Talk!And there are some Con's! Note to read those if you are a picky buyer!Cons:New weapon can make the game a little too easy, enemys get stun locked till they die.A few fights I noticed some of the monsters do bug out a little and loose track of you which can make the game easy.First time the game loads it doesn't have the new duke talk enabled or just normally added. You have to go to options to load it.In the Menu's there is a new option that loads you into a website to make a account? A bit wierd and un-needed in my opinion.The Christmas campign, Life's a Beach, and D.C map isn't on here from I can tell. <-- Big note.Over all these are minor picks but that's cause it's Duke.I am speaking in the understanding you've played a Duke game before and are just curious on how it goes.I give Duke a solid eight out of ten. It's not perfect but I enjoy it.I feel Atomic Edtion is better over all cause it has all the campaigns in it. This removes the extra packs to add in one? You do than loose some major fun packs. Mainly Life's a Beach.But I will say that the new pack is FUN. It's still over all worth the time I've spent in it and I know it'll be worth my time cause of the new campaign."
76561197974847980,Recommended,434050,26267375,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tea Monster,"Duke Nukem World Tour is a typical Gearbox 'Curate's Egg' of a package. It's great to have a new episode by the original level creators. Just getting Levelord out of retirement is worth the price of admission. Lee Jackson is also back, along with Jon St. John for more original music and 'Duke Talk' respectively. The new episode is not up to the quality level of the original episode, but is a fun romp none the less.So, on the face of it, everything should be wonderful. Sadly, this is not all the case. Although a lot of work has gone into the production of the new episode, a lot of the other aspects of the production have had absolutely zero effort expended on them. The 'new' monster is actually an alpha version of the Liz Trooper rescued from the old 3DR vaults and pressed back into service. The end Boss is the original sprite for the Cycloid Emperor with a pallete swap. You are telling me that Gearbox couldn't find a creature artist to whip up a low-res model to make sprites from? Really?The 'Can't be bothered' design philosphy extends to the artwork, which is just the original DN3D box artwork, with a new logo and now featuring even less colour. It's like they made the episode and suddenly thought ""Oh crap, we don't have any money left, here's 50 bucks to get new monsters and do the cover artwork.""One more glaring problem is the sound in the game. All the new sounds by Jon St. John sound nice and clear, but all the original Duke talk and other sounds have been improperly coded, so they sound muffled . The two sounds together are terrible. I can't believe that this was OK'd by quality control, or even that it passed XBox or Playstation certification. Seriously, what the hell Gearbox?I don't know if they let the Janitor produce this or what. I imagine that years from now there will be some epic tale of fail that will eventually come to light about how this was allowed to happen. Till then, we are sitting here scratching our heads as to how three quarters of the project was good, and one quarter would be laughed off of Steam as being below the standard of quality of a low-level mod.So to sum up, Worth it (IMHO) for the new episode, but with loads of points deleted for whoever at Gearbox went to lunch instead of doing their job."
76561198049779057,Recommended,434050,26077288,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Toront oTO,"Missing a lot of features that it should have but it does have some new levels, textures, commentary (when it works), and re-recorded Duke lines (which aren't as good). I give it a 7/10 when it should have been a 10."
76561198068868947,Recommended,434050,26073965,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,gazzren,Its Duke Nukem 3d but better looking and sounding. With 8 new levels from the original creators.
76561197971794367,Recommended,434050,25992217,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,$ON!C,This game is a lot of fun. If you enjoyed Duke Nukem 3d then you will enjoy this game. It is nice to see it re released on Steam. Great Game! Duke is the BestWith this version the game is cleaned up. I would not say the graphics are better but the game looks nice for what it is. I am glad it is in its original form and able to play on modern computers.
76561197988780152,Recommended,434050,29952146,Posted: 15 February,all,Gaboon,"Just like old times, Duke.."
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,434050,33879805,Posted: 29 July,all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,Wtf graphics are barely any different and the controls are worse for some reason.
76561198078577068,Recommended,434050,25999211,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ragin_Hotwang,"I played the Megaton Edtion like crazy, so I had to get this one to see if the enhanced features were worth it.  Well it surpassed my expectations.  Its like the game has a brand new coat of paint which makes it look amazing.  Don't like the new graphics?  Well no worries cause you can turn them off in game with a press of a button in game.  Choice is always a good thing.  The default mouse senitivity is kinda off, so you may have to play around with it, but once you do,  it becomes just as twitchy as you would like it.  The only thing you can't mess with as far as I know are the updated voice of Duke.  That's gonna be personal preference if you like it or not.  Last thing is that the gamepad support is amazing!   huge problem from the Megaton Edtion is that Duke was always in run mode while playing with a game pad.  This time,  you have to press a button to run while moving.  What if you like to always run?  Its cool cause you can toggle run mode with no worries.  Again choice is a great thing.The only problem I see is switching weapons seems to be bugged cause somtimes it just won't switch.  If you switch weapons the old fashion way using the 1-6 buttons on your keyboard, your fine.  Using the mouse wheel is kinda buggy as well as in the gamepad.Well thats that,  overall this game is the best version you can get."
76561198182346295,Recommended,434050,30763122,Posted: 26 March,all,firelight44,its a good game and all but why dod they take the megaton edition out?i just dont get it. the only way to get duke nukem 3d megaton edition is to get free or buy on amazon or ebay. but the reason behind me giving this a positive revew is because at the end of the day this id duke nukem. and the fact that you cant buy megaton edition on steam... so duke nukem 3d world tour is the only legit version you can buy on steam. and i admit its a good game.BUT PLEASE GEARBOX MAKE A MEGATON DLC FOR THIS PLEASE!!!!!!
,Recommended,434050,26003630,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,jbowman2112,"I don't understand all the negative reviews I am reading here, the description was pretty clear as to what this was. It is a small upgrade to the engine and a new set of levels to the original game. I have been having a blast remembering where all of the secrets were that I haven't had to use for 20 years since I played this game before. All of the speed runs that I used to do still work so I think that the ammo is in the same place, for sure the levels are the same and the sounds seem to me just like the ones that were in the game before. If you are looking for somethng that rivals the new Doom from ID then this is not what your looking for. If you are looking for an updated Duke that will run well on new hardware but looks pretty much like the original game you have come to the right place. I have been having a blast shotgunning down memory lane, 'come get some'."
,Recommended,434050,26008148,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,African Space Jesus,i own megaton edition and its way betteri knew this before i bought it thoughits just oki think duke is dead though :(
,Recommended,434050,25993199,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Fred Casden,"20 years later, and this game is still all sorts of awesome... granted I freely admit that I use the god mode cheat, because I play this game just to relax. The controls are about the same as they always have been, the graphic enhancements are noticeable... and the soundtrack still kicks all sort of backside."
76561198141477944,Recommended,434050,26008433,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Animalman,"Great Game, Highly Recommend, Few slow issues including rewind save feature, i found on my crappy laptop true 3d rendering ran slow. mousewheel weapon changing is slow, and despite what people have been saying and online video reviews - THE SOUND IS NOT MUFFLED AT ALL IN COMPARISON TO THE ORIGINAL. Or at least - i cant notice it."
,Recommended,434050,26004858,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,MercenaryBolt II,It's worth playing if you want better botmatch support and a Flamethrower :)
,Recommended,434050,31005894,Posted: 7 April,all,pacxel,well is it bad well no its duke nukem 3d. do i agree im dont hate  gear box or like gear box. what i do like are the hi res textures and the pixelated look. it a good direction. if froget that im playing a hd version and think im playing a modded version of the original. kinda like brutal doom. i recmmend if your new to duke 3d or a hardcore fan.
,Recommended,434050,29989121,Posted: 17 February,all,xXx_DarkIce_xXx,11 monsters balls being cooked on a campfire / 10
,Recommended,434050,26006228,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ottman,"It's time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum.The game is awesome the new 3D engine gearbox is using feels great with controller or K&M.This re-re-release of the game fans will love.Shake it, baby!You wanna dance?"
,Recommended,434050,25992823,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Schiz0id,"TL;DR the full 3d mode and mouseaim alone make this a good purchase. You have to play it to understand. Polymost/polymer 3d doesnt even cone close, aside from the hrtp textures. Also there's a new episode.For 20 bucks you're paying for:*multiplayer*new, fancy 3d mode (not 2.5d)*new levels*possible future dlc*better duke talk*ambient occlusioncons:-the mouse scroll wheel isn't that great-a bit floaty-fov is lowpros:-great as ever-3d mode makes the game feel fresh-its duke 3d, its fun, whatever-mouse, while floaty, feels more accurateconclusion:buy if you didn't get megaton edition and need to try duke nukem again. buy if you're a very huge fan of duke. if you want multiplayer and new features while already owning megaton edition, try this as well- the full 3d mode is really cool and the eduke source port is a bit different in that regard. Otherwise skip this."
,Recommended,434050,26071120,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alex,gud game I r8 8/8 m8 gr8♥♥♥♥♥♥gunsaliensdukenukemgg
,Recommended,434050,25990932,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Big Frank,"Note I: I'm positive this game (and most positive reviews) are going to get blasted by Gearbox/Pitchford haters and upset Megaton edition fans. I'm going to try my best to stay un-biased and civil for this review.Note II: this review is going to assume that you've played Duke 3D in some form prior to this.First things first: The rerecorded lines are terrible. St. John sounds bored, there's no umph or badassery, and the high quality sounds out of place amongst the low quality sound effects and alien noises. Thankfully, you can turn on ""Legacy Duke Talk"" which disables the rerecorded lines.Second: The graphics. The new lightning is prettier than I expected, but holy hell it makes the game look dark. I had to turn the brightness way up to see in some of the low-lit areas (and I'm not talking about the pitch black areas like the area before the elevator in E1L2.) It looks alright in the end, though.Third: The available options are pretty limited and barebones, but they get the job done. You can change keybinds, mouse sensitivity, controller settings, whatever. You can turn the new lightning system (and the rerecorded Duke lines) on and off. That's about it. Not that I'm complaining, really.I have yet to touch the new episode and will update this review with my thoughts on that once I'm through it.All in all, if Episode 5 is decent, this is still basically just a slightly watered down version of Megaton. As a huge Duke fan, I don't regret paying the $20, but if you're on the fence about buying this and you already own a previous version of Duke 3D, save your money."
,Recommended,434050,25994795,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Deadmeat[SWE],"You can always bet on Duke (3d).Nostalgia trip all the way for us who played the game like vegetables in the 90s.Beside from the old content, we got a new level from the original designers as well as new voice overs from duke himself.With that said, I hoped they would given Duke some more love. the old mono wave files gets more annoying with the new voiceover.However, as the game support Steam Workshop, I hope the community will bring the ultimate love for Duke Nukem, as they have always done in the past."
76561197990744159,Recommended,434050,26000628,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ban885,everyone ignore the negative reviews.  big babies.I dont see why everyone is crying about this game. its sick.  you cowards hide behind your desk.the game is remastered in a new game engine. sure the audio is a little weird but doesn't stop me from kicking assss and chewing  bubble gum.
,Recommended,434050,26013027,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NÖVªRAGε1©,"After watching comparison videos people are right, the audio is slightly worst and sounds muffled compared to megaton. Dukes voice is clearer and maybe a few other things. Hope they fix this, but doubt it.The new episode is nice, though I feel like it's too easy getting health, but I guess a harder difficulty will fix that.-ProsOld looking Duke with modern effects. True 3d, lighting, Ambient Occlusion.New John St. John lines. I think theyre great and don't get why people say he doesn't have that Umph in his voice like he used to.New enemy and weapon.New 7 level episode. Which so far has been very entertaining,Commentary is cool though not in every level.-ConsBesides fancy modern effects and the new episode this is a inferior version to megaton.Sound is more muffled besides rerecordings than Megaton edition.Doesn't have all the content megaton has.I keep dying though I didn't really die, it seems to happen a lot after I save. A bug I hope gets fixed though nothing gamebreaking because I can just jump right back in.Overall I still feel it was worth it for commentary, and new episode. But we all know Megaton is still better. I would say wait for a sale to pick this up if you want the extras."
76561198198354162,Recommended,434050,25998138,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ze Po1ar Bear,Nostalgiagasm achieved
76561198018291587,Recommended,434050,25995816,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Wobbuffet,"It's Duke Nukem 3D. +1That is enough to write a positive review on. The new engine is definately better and the devoloper commentary is very interesting and making it worthwhile to play it AGAIN. Although, who doesnt play this game from start to finish every month atleast 5 times?The new voices from John st Jon are not as good as the Legacy Duke voice, but atleast the option is there, so can't fault the game for it too much. It's a nice effort, but it failed.The red crosses on the medkits have been replaced with medication pills, if this causes sand in your va-yay-yay it's definately something to worry about."
76561197976882474,Recommended,434050,25990921,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sean,"I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This is exactly what I wanted: The original Duke experience working properly in 1080p with zero ♥♥♥♥around. If you want some weird mod-tier 3D upgrade this isn't the game for you - there are other versions of Duke out there for you. But this has just enough done to capture the original experience nicely. You can press C in game to see the difference between the old and new version - it is a big upgrade, but not so big that it doesn't look like Duke anymore.If you want to relive the original Duke Nukem experience, this is the game for you. Duke's voice sounds great as well. All the settings auto-set to my specs, which is great, and all the controls were set to non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ defaults. Pretty damn happy."
,Recommended,434050,25991422,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,IronBrian,1996 nostalgia.  Reminds of my pentium 133.
,Recommended,434050,25991119,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Evabant,"So.. I played this and got exactly what I expected... memories from back in 1996 when this game was released. Yes.. the sound is down sampled from Megaton edition... yes, the graphics aren't quite as good.. but that's what I was expecting.. so I say.. thank you gearbox for bringing back a bit of nostalgia for an old gamer.. thank you for trying to remind some people what made duke great back in the day... and trying to give some new life to the franchise. Here's hoping that this game generates enough intrest for you to explore a true and proper sequeal to the Kingdom of Duke."
,Recommended,434050,25990859,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[SSB]CHRONICKSU,Okay. First let me start by saying that Duke Nukem is one of the most iconic PC game franchises in history. It shaped the modern FPS as we know it. I'm going to sort this review into pros and cons.Pros-----------Redone graphicsSource portLegit copyRedone voice actingLook up and downOnline INTERNET multiplayerWorkshopNew EpisodeRedone musicCons---------Original sounds other than voice actingPoorly optimized performance on 3DNot many graphics optionsNo choice to revert back to old soundsI think it's worth it if they fix some of these things. Make your choice and choose wisely.
,Recommended,434050,25991430,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tonkinese,"If you are a duke fan you will love it!worth the money and the new episode is brilliantThe package is good it is the base game and two expansions (plutonium and world tour)making for a total of 5 episodesmod support, re worked audio (which sounds real nice on my sound system), audio commentary, achivements, re worked lighting, new weapon and enemies. a lot of fun for 20 dollars and it's not expensive."
76561198014561335,Recommended,434050,25991341,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,3fitty7ven,"Its Duke Nukem 3D with redone duke one liners, new graphical effects, and a 5th episode.I really was not expecting too much from this itteration of Duke 3d. I mean the gameplay i saw looked pretty meh in my opinion, and I told myself ""the only thing that would save this version is the 5th episode"". And fortunately, the 5th episode is really ♥♥♥♥ing good.Episode 5 was made by level lord (the guy who did the original duke 3d levels) and they feature lots of secrets and an impressive amount of detail considering the engine being used. there is also a new enemy that has a flamethrower and can shrink itself to make it impossible to hit with bullets. there is a new weapon included in Episode 5, and It feels pretty underwhelming. it just throws a ball of lava out which lights enemies on fire and kills them a few seconds later, which i can do with the shotgun or rpg 3 times faster.. the game also has a lighting effect now, which looks almost exactly like the polymer render from Eduke.the gameplay is pretty much the same, and thats good! the original duke 3d was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to begin with. some of the sounds are really weird (pistol firing sound mostly) cause for me they sound like they are coming through a pillow. The XBLA rewind death feature is included in this game which is a nice touch for people who cannot quick save diligantly. Duke's voice was also redone, and it sounds pretty okay. you can change the voice to legacy if you want to through the menu.I feel 20$ may be a tad much (that may be because I have bought this game for the unteenth time), but the 5th episode is definately a redeeming factor.Duke 3D still stands as one of my all time favorites.8.5/10"
,Recommended,434050,25992457,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,teemu92,"Im a big big fan of Duke, one of my 1st games i remember playing as a kid so of course i had to buy this one.There are obvious issues compared to Megaton but some of the changes are nice like the lighting effects and of course the new levels.Only buy it if you are a mega fan and want to experience the new stuff.Note, none of the 3 expansion packs like Duke it out in DC are included, so if you enjoy those keep that in mind."
76561197979212651,Recommended,434050,25993060,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,kasplex,1996 again.Nice to be able to play this again.Need old computer for the original but this is just as sweet.
76561198011365473,Recommended,434050,25992433,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Padla,"Recommended for : People who were teens when Duke 3d released and who played the crap out of it.Not recommended for: everyone else.Bought it for the Nostalgia. Do not regret it yet. Graphics are a little (very little) better. New episode is fun and has some clever levels. Havent tried multiplayer yet, if multiplayer is not working, you would be better off with EDuke32 which is FREE if you have original game files and (I believe) has decent TCPIP multiplayer.EDIT: If you think of buying this for nostalgia, another plus for this edition is developer commentary feature. It is not present in every level, but it is like watching your favorite movie with director commentary. Sometimes chill, somtetimes funny, sometimes a little sad.Having briefly tried multiplayer i can say this:- Best way to enjoy multiplayer is to play with friends. Pick up games will be a pain with current lobby system.- It works. I had no crashes.- The lobby is very lacking, you cannot change game parameters once lobby is started.- The lobby has no chat system.- Have not tried MP iwth custom maps yet, so not sure how easy it is to use them."
,Recommended,434050,25998237,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,R-B-A [BFTUK],Nice game!
,Recommended,434050,25993644,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kakihara,"Ive owned Duke Nukem 3d (n64)Ive owned Duke Nukem AtomicIve owned Duke Nukem MegatonIve owned Every Version, Sequal, Expansion, Mod, For Pc.This is an amazing Remaster,Thank you GearBox.Hail to the King Baby.*update This Game is Badass!<3 I loved the New Episode, The Russian One was my favorite. I hope you guys bring in the DC Expansion. Thanks GearBox."
76561198282547869,Recommended,434050,26009793,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NyghtWolf  blw.tf,"Great game! but keeps crashing though. pls fix. Wait sorry it was just my computer, its all fine.Pls add expansion dlc.NOW IT WONT DETECT WORKSHOP MAPS"
,Recommended,434050,27771541,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AntiPseudonym,"A really nice remastering that adds a few modern touches to the renderer while still retaining the original retro feel of the original Build engine.The new episode - Alien World Order - is a fantastic addition, with some great original level designs from the original Duke3D alumni, Richard 'Levelord' Gray and Allen H. Blum III. However, the quality isn't super consistent, with levels running the gamut from ""Exceeds the quality of the original game"" with thoughful, inventive and professional layouts, to ""Feels like a fan map from 1996"" that have horrific flow, very little focus and just feel amateur in comparison to what else is on offer.The developer commentary would also have been a very worthwhile addition, if there was more of it. While the first level of each episode generally has a few commentary nodes smattered about which contain some really interesting insights into the development of game, later levels contain few nodes, if any at all. It does feel like a bit of a bait and switch; encouraging fans of the original to play through the game again to find new information only to be left wanting once the first level is completed.While the framerate is mostly good, as you would expect for a game that's has such a low relative complexity for modern systems, I've also encountered rather frequent framerate issues after the game has been running for 10 minutes or more. Switching out and back in to fullscreen mode with ALT+Enter seems to fix it for a short period, however.Another new addition (At least to PC versions) is the timeline feature, that after death allows you to return to any point in the level, basically making quicksave-scumming an obselete tactic. However, the longer you take in a level, the more squirrelly the controls for the timeline become, with slow updates making it very difficult to pinpoint the exact point you wish to return to.One thing to note for older fans of the series is that this is missing content that was available in the previous Megaton Edition of the game, that being the expansion episodes of Duke It Out In D.C., Life's A Beach and Nuclear Winter. Honestly I'm personally not particularly upset about the loss of these episodes as I found them to be bland, uninspired and tawdry affairs, but others have fonder memories of these and as such it's worth pointing out their absence.All up, it's a decent package and is arguably the most definitive edition of the game for newcomers of the series, and a nice spit-shine for returning players."
,Recommended,434050,27559657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mad-Kat (Heavy Main),"ive been a fan of duke nukem 3d ever since i got the sega saturn port all the way back in 1997.ive had various ports and remasters like the megaton edition but when i heard that the game was gonna get remasters with re done voice lines and fresh new art work i quickly added to my wish list and bought it.the game is masive fun and has a whole new chapter the world tour which i loved playing again and again.the price is fair too for the content provided.also this has the steam workshop so you can play custom levels made by other users for all 3 game modes...single player, co-op and multyplayer.i only have two problems with this game...one is that some of dukes new voices sound too goofy...two is that they have changed the med kits first aid symbols to pills like they did with doom in the bfg editon.other than all that id recumend you check out this title.8/10"
76561198021214198,Recommended,434050,27497281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BaconMonster,"Considering how the game has none of the original addons (Duke it out in DC etc.), its way too expensive just for one new additional chapter. Duke nukem 3D: Megaton edition is still the superior port.The new chapter has some really awesome level design and a lot of challenge. I'd recommend buying this one on steam sale, if you can't get enough Duke 3D like me."
,Recommended,434050,26026005,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Azeus,"If I was to say what this game was, I would not start off by calling it a remaster ir at least, not a full one. It still retains the look of the original game while having been faithfully translated from 2D to 3D, disregarding character sprites. Basically it looks far less dodgy when looking up or down. Speaking of looking up or down, it can now be played more like a modern shooter, with aiming done by mouse and WASD to move, the usual crap. That said, these alterations can be turned off in the options so you can play full classic style if you can't accept that Gearbox might be trying to keep Duke alive by giving his games some much needed TLC. Plebs like myself can now just play the game instead of having constant trouble with the classic controls.A massively unnecessary addition is the re-done lines. Usually I wouldn't have a problem with this, but high quality voice lines don't mix properly with the classic sounds of the rest of the game and on top of that, Jon St John just sounds bored.If you want to get your moneys worth, buy it on special and enjoy a classic Doom Clone. Oh, and play with Dukes Legacy Lines enabled.6.5/10"
,Recommended,434050,26004320,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Feel My Frying Pan,I love the game. I really love Duke. And I really really want a new duke game.
76561197994187150,Recommended,434050,26109991,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Soviet Nuke,"OK, its good! Now I know it wasnt the game it self that caused the connection errors in multiplayer mode."
