user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,434030,23091650,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,404 Jesus Not Found,"Just not ready yet. At least not for the price.If you want to fly daytime VFR in the southwest USA in uncontrolled airspace without following any procedures then this might appeal to you. Just about anything else sim wise is off the table in Aerofly FS 2 right now.Pros:Beautiful texturesCool landmarksSmooth performanceGood looking aircraft and cockpitsFlight models feel goodMeh:UI makes it obvious that this is based on a mobile gameCons:No ATCNo weather (no precipitation or real weather data)No AI trafficEverything is static and flat. No cars, no other aircraft, nothing at all moves except for you. Outside of major landmarks and airports there are no buildings or roads, just flat textures of buildings and roads.No multiplayerNo airframe stressNo engine management (mixture, fuel, or even on and off)No aircraft systems or procedures at allNo FMC for airliners (although this is said to be in development)Cloud draw distance is very lowNo lights at night, everything is dark except for airports and small sections of metro areasNo roadmap for the future (yet)Aerofly FS 2 seems like it cannot decide whether it wants to be asimulatoror agame. In its current state it feels more like game than simulator. The fact that it is an adaptation of a mobile game shows in its UI and its lack of depth. Maybe that will change in the future, but the developers so far have not made their intentions clear."
76561198306990511,Not Recommended,434030,28513168,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Prawn Star,"I bought the game very soon after release onto Early Access.There was only one area modelled, no AI planes, no ATC etcOf course, this can be forgiven, it's Early Access after all and at £30 they clearly have plans to add a lot of content.Vive support? Hell yes! Flying around in VR is simply beautiful.Fast forward and there are still no AI planes, still no ATC etc.There are two new areas modelled though, hurray.Oh, you want to see them?Buy the DLC!Yeah, Early Access game where you have to pay extra on top for the new bits of map they create.By the time the map is finished, you'll have spent hundreds to get the game you were promised.With just 3 areas modelled you are already paying AAA prices.These ""DLCs"" should be standard updates covered by the initial, far-too-expensive purchase price.Utterly disgusting business model that will prevent me from ever supporting this company again."
76561197991601607,Recommended,434030,26039396,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,hogarthd,"OK...let's see...I've been playing MS Flight Simulator for...err....25 years?  I'm also a real pilot - a former airline pilot who currently owns an aerobatic biplane. I'm also a former triple-A videogame developer who now works for a big software company doing a bunch of 3D and VR design work. I also (briefly) worked on the Microsoft Flight Simulator team a few years ago (before it was shut down for good by the bumbling MS Game Studio management team). It killed me that MS Flight Sim was put out to pasture. It has a reliable audience who spend money on add-ons.  Anyhow, I'm so excited that someone is making a modern flight simulator. Aerofly 2 looks FANTASTIC...it blows FSX out of the water, even with all of FSX's upgrades and add-ons. Aerofly also performs much better that FSX.  The aircraft look amazing.  The flying dynamics are FAR more believable than FSX (I fly aerobatics for real all the time...I know what I'm talking about here). The VR implementation is amazing in Aerofly (HTC Vive). The only complaint I have so far is that the avionics/aircraft systems part of the sim is lagging far, far behind FSX.  I understand Aerofly is still in development, but I hope the developers realize that some of us use PC flight sims as practice for doing instrument procedures.  I'd love to see a Garmin G1000 or G2000 in here with a functional database of navaids, airports, approaches, SIDs and STARs. Every airplane doesn't have to have fully functioning avionics, but a few of them should.  If one of each: airliner, a corporate jet and a light GA aircraft had deep avionics simulations, that would be a great start. Also, this begs the question - will Aerofly be open to external development teams? That is the thing that has kept FSX going for so long.  All the super realistic aircraft add-ons were created by third part developers. This seems to be essential to a GA flight simulation. If this stuff happens, this will be the gold standard for modern, non-combat flight simulation. Oh yeah - also, what is the build-out plan for more regions of the world?  Flying between airports is something that a lot of people like to do in a non-combat simulator. Anyhow, keep up the great work with Aerofly 2, I highly recommend it."
76561198022043667,Not Recommended,434030,33796772,Posted: 25 July,all,Jawsman01,"Yes, Beautiful graphics as advertised.No, there is NOT Global Mesh or terrain texturing as craftily worded around. Be very suspect and do due diligence before you purchase. Scenery starvation alert.There are precious few detailed areas to fly around period.You will empty your wallet via expensive micro-transactions and still only have about maybe 18-22% of the U.S.A. to fly over in NON-CONNECTED fractional sections.That means zero ground textures, and no autogen or even trees outside of micro-fractional locations on the West & East coasts. And some of Utah? Zilch outside of.Blobs of textureless flat emptiness devoid of all detail are NOT Global mesh or terrain as worded in their videos and writeups. Pure false advertising and word-play.And their forums even on the most busiest of weekends are nearly just as devoid of life.Exactly just like their abanonware title Areofly FS-1, this sequel looks to be nearly just as played out and fading already.My wallet still hurts from that expensive precursor to this sim attempt btw.To date developer promises of modding software have been late in delivery & barely met with such a poor quality release that many find far too difficult to invest their lives into the learning curves.Each update breaks sections of the sim such as flyable aircraft that remain so until the next few-and-far-between update. Any experience Steam Simmer can hear the deep breath being taken for taps about to be sounded.Do your research and this is what you will learn from others that invested in high hopes like I did.So then, enough of the review, now learn of the VERY STRANGE SOCIAL DRAMA that followed my posting this review. Ipacs doec NOT tolerate negative/truthful reviews.Earlier this week I posted this review. Just like many other’s have themselves. Nothing unusual.Ipacs then released an update which caused my game to stop working. Not unusual at all. Like most others I have had to uninstall & reinstall with nearly every update.So, I posted the error code in the Discussion Forums requesting help when none of the usual tricks to recover from a rushed update worked for me.But my post was deleted when I checked back an hour later!Over the evening I tried posting for help again & again between things with each post being deleted on up to the next morning. I even posted for help that my posts were being deleted. These of course were also deleted.  All while other posts were made and answered by others... What would you reasonably consider was happening?Either a CNN style case of censorship or possibly simply just server/Steam issues, right?This then was the beginning of an incredible week long drama with the Ipacs forum moderator drhotwings who I claim has gone to extraordinary measures abusing his Steam admin privileges harassing me through 'his' forums, & even harassing me in posts here at the end of this review.He's even apparently stirred up other forum members as can be seen in the slew of often edited and/or deleted comments attached at the end of this review. This review is not connected to the forums.Questions*1. If I were a trouble maker rightfully banned from 'his' forum, then why continue to bait and harass me days after the ban through PM and posts here?2. How would any forum members know about any of this drama?Since I am no longer there how would anyone know to come here & harass me in this review? Reader, do you return and read Reviews of a game you already purchased and play?Timeline as follows:Edit:July 27th evening- All my posts asking for game help & providing error code are being deleted? 3 so far over the last 3 hours.**EDIT to EDIT above**July 28th morning- After adding the above edit to this FS2 Review not only have one of my last night's forum discussion posts requesting help been restored, but drhotwings is now amiable to helping me get my game running again!What coincidental timing?** Edit added to above 2 Edits**My requests for help have been deleted yet again. >Seriously<Drhotwings posted he accidentally deleted my MANY requests for help but is now willing to help me if I clearly state my request. I have already done so 5 times, even providing the exact error code EVERY post. Simple one setence requests for help with supplied error code.<Edit>This drhotwings is threatening to report me for doubleposting- This was already addressed clearly, and can I please get some error code help for once instead of harassment?<EDIT>I have NOT been helped in any way by Ipacs, my requests were AGAIN DELETED and now drhotwings is even threatening to report me to Steam in responses to this negative review[read at the bottom the many responses to this review, enjoy the read and discern for yourselves this drama].<<Edit>>- said remarks were of course censored later that day....?surprise☺!<Maybe you too can enjoy such crazed drama if you invest $50 today in this sim?☺**** Edit to above all edits****;I have just received message that I am permanently banned by drhotwings from the fs2 forums?I would love for him to provide Steam the reason for doing so. There was none.Abuse of Admin Privilege by a mentality that relishes total dominance over his supposed subjects is my opinion. Another rusty little tin god savoring the thrill of unchecked power.-ADDITIONAL-I at no time was ever provided any help for my game error.My many attempts at respectfully requesting help and providing the error code were met with deleting my posts and trying to blame me for double-posting.>>You cannot double post when your posts are being removed over hours separately.** >>Another Edit<< **You guessed it, another day, another harassment by stalker-drhotwings, who continues to harass me through Steam messages and apparently is stirring up forum members to side with him and attack me through these various postings. When will I find the pet rabbit boiling on the stovetop?<More censoring and edits in comments at the end of this review><<Final Edit?>>Saturday morning July 29, 2017So far it appears I am still not in any violation of any Steam policies in any way for posting my negative review and for editing in the admin drama’s committed against me.Ipacs has not apologized for their employees social-predator activity and clear abuse of Steam admin privileges.I am out almost $100 for the game plus some DLC. I remain banned from the forum and there has as yet been any status change in this situation or in the forum’s administration.Let the reader judge and decide what’s happened here these last few weeks.Reader/Simmer perhaps you too can invest $50 for the base game and another $110 for micro-sceneries and also get the added adventure of being stalked  on the side for free?"
,Recommended,434030,24724135,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,RayG,"So, I have been flying around in this new flight simulator for a while now and I think it is time for an early review. I will start by writing about the pros and cons at the moment from my point of view.First the pros:Virtual RealityThe biggest pro of this sim must be its support for VR. I dare to say that this title has a place in the top 10, maybe even 5, of best VR experiences around at the moment. You have to see it to believe it, the scale is top notch, the lighting is breathtaking and control of the virtual cockpit is well thought out and just works. From the first second you are in the cockpit you really feel like you are there.LightingThe lighting engine of this flightsim is really the best you can get right now. Metals are shiny and reflective, the sunlight on the cockpit and instruments just feels real, the asphalt of the runways and taxiways and the markings on them feel real. The landscape is wonderfully rendered with the use of atmospheric scattering and somehow buildings all seem so real. Then when it gets dark you can be amazed by the cockpit lighting of the various aircraft included. You can control the levels of the background lighting, map lights, individual displays, etc.VarietyThere are lots of airports which are all wonderfully rendered wether they are small local airfields or large airports like San Francisco Intl. You will find well known airliners around the airports and all different aircraft types are at the right location of the airport. So you will actually see the large passenger aircraft at the double jetway gates and the cargo aircraft at the cargo section for example.The scenery is also very varying as the developers have chosen a part of the westcoast of the United States as the first area. You can visit the Grand Canyon and the dry lands surrounding it, fly over Las Vegas and see the strip wonderfully lit up at night, go to San Francisco and see the bay... Oh and if you get tired of the US, you can always download the Switzerland DLC and visit Europe.Then the aircraft, you will get 16 of them and they are all very high quality. They are extremely detailed and there are many different types like a 747-400, an A320, a Cessna C172, a Baron 58, two gliders, some stunt airplanes, two military fighters and some historical aircraft. Graphically they belong in the high grade payware section.SupportThe developers are responsive and actually listen to the community. Some feature requests are implemented within days. Great work guys!Ease of use / loading timesThe sim is really easy to use, you can select an airport from the map, choose a starting location (runway, final approach, platform) and choose an aircraft and you can go. Want to plot a route, just a matter of a few clicks with the mouse. And the best of all? Very short loading times, just a matter of seconds.Then the cons:Night lightingWhile the aircraft cockpits and building lights excel at night a lot of night lighting is still missing. For example the planes all have working taxi/landing lights, but they do not light up the ground or other objects. There are no taxiway lights and no lights on the platforms. The roads have no lights on them and cities without buildings do not have any night lighting. The lighting that is there is beautiful and rendered very realistic, so the potential is there, but it really needs to be filled in. As an avid X-Plane user this really is the biggest omission right now and I think it should be handled with priority at least partially.The world is still too flat in many areasThe larger cities are wonderfully detailed and absolutely not flat, but other regions are very flat. In X-Plane this is solved by using Open Street Map data to render roads and buildings. It would be great if at least some level of automatically placed buildings could be implemented so the world gets some more depth.Airports are great at the moment, but they still lack windsocks, taxiway signs and lighting armaments making them flat in many places too.Still lifelessEverything around you is still very static. From the water to the roads to the airports. More effort should be taken by the developers somewhere down the road to breathe life into the world. This can start by introducing some animated scenery objects like windmills, windsocks or maybe a rotating ferrywheel in Vegas.The waters right now are just a satellite image which has both its ups and its downs. The upside is that the water looks very realistic from high up, the colors can differ and streams are visible from the sky. The downside is that there is no reflection of the sun and no movement when you get lower. Another downside is that waterplanes are not possible at the moment. A semi transparent overlay with waves and reflection may do wonders here, bringing the best from both worlds.When you look at the roads you see nice roads from higher up. But these roads are also just static images and the cars are stuck on them. A road system like in X-Plane would be awesome here, with lights and moving cars, at least for the highways and main roads.The airports are also still very lifeless, there are a lot of planes though which is awesome. But they are all static and there is nothing else happening at the airports.Conclusion:If you are into flight simulations, you should definitely buy this one, if only to support the development team to make this sim into the flight simulator we've all been waiting for (it really has the potential). This is a must buy if you are into VR as this is one of the best looking VR applications available. There are lessons, so if you don't know how to fly an aircraft, this is a great opportunity to learn the basics.The sim has a long way to go, but I have the confidence that this one will become a big contender as the main simulator for lots of people. It already is a lot of fun though, there is a lot to see and the airports and aircraft are beautiful. I think you get some great value for a very small price and it will only get better from here."
76561198045867527,Recommended,434030,31533771,Posted: 3 May,all,gojozoom,"Hi all - this sim is perfect for my kind of people. Who is  ""your kind of people"" you ask. Well, the guy with multiple children and multiple jobs, not having time to install and configure new add-ons every week, troubleshooting for hours, struggling with getting smooth FPS and hammering a 12-years old core engine to ""pretend"" that it's up-to-date. Sure, it's a ""lightweight""sim when it comes to some features, no doubt. But I jsut sit down, I fire it up (10 seconds), I set my parameters (10 seconds) and I load it (another 10 seconds) and ready to fly in a beautiful high-resolution scenery (in DLC areas). 30 seconds from sitting down to flying??? Are you kidding me? Try that with any  ""expert"" Sim on the market. No 3rd party stuff needed, works straight out of the box, 64-bit, supports VR (and TrackIR, and EDTracker). As mentioned before, some features are lacking (more complex weather engine, sounds, ATC, traffic, etc) - but you know what (and this goes to the developers)? If any of those features bring in more ""overhead"" time for starting a flight or will degrade performance than please just don't touch it, leave it like this. Great work guys, I like your angle on this, and I truly recommend this experience to anyone interested in flying.Dan"
76561197980113853,Recommended,434030,23277185,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,We Win Gracie,"Anyone that would not recommend this sim is nuts.  To think that this sim is just getting started makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside!  The hundreds of dollars that I've spent on FSX Addons still cannot compare to this sim, it is absolutely stunning.The Good:GraphicsFlight DynamicsDefault AircraftsSmooth OperationStill needing improvement (prob already on its way):ATCGround Traffic (airport and on the roads)FMC would be cool but isn't a must as long as you can plan flights (which you can).I can't wait to see what the updates hold, but I think we finally found our replacement to FSX and the rest!"
76561197968932576,Recommended,434030,23452080,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Peter Zwegat,"UPDATED: July 2016As an old flyer I owned another lately released flight sim and was curious to compare Aerofly FS2 with the other one (knowing, that the intentions of the two differ a little).Yes, this is not ment to be a full blown simulator (as the other product). Provided that, I was surprised how many of the systems are implemented in Aerofly FS 2. But many (crucial) systems are not. After all you have to keep in mind, that this is an early access.Pros:- nice scenery (good graphic engine!!!); very fluidly on ultra settings; gives a much better sense of flying than other stuttering sims (including recently released ones)- many nav aids available, including ILS- good variety of airplanes; well modeled- acceptable physics- short loading times- nice views- easy flight planning (for unpatient pilots)Cons:- some important systems are not implemented (yet)- no ATC (yet); at least some background chatter would improve the atmosphere highly- bad sounds (aircraft)- no real weather (yet?)- no weather presets- no fuel or load system (yet?)- limited scenery/area: west coast US (and Switzerland as DLC)- needs more 3D objects (trees, buildings, etc.)Conclusion:For a quick ride this is the right product. Very nice grahpic engine. Dovetail should get together with these guys, regarding the engine. I know that the area to fly is limited. But with the fast loading times and the fluid graphics - even on ultra settings - I see much potential for more.Some systems need to be implemented as quick as possible as they are crucial for the product as it's ment to be used:- the autopilot needs also be improved on most of the airplanes. For example you're not able to set vertical speed on the Learjet (you have to use shortcuts). NAV mode is mostly not implented; also VNAV would be a nice to have- more detailed configurations for the main instruments (PFD, ND Lear)- radio navigation (e.g. in the B747 you're even not able to tune any radio NAV manually)- Real weather and weather presets!- ability to safe and load flightplans- ATC chatter (at least, just for the atmosphere)- AI traffic (you feel very alone in the air)- better sounds for the aircrafts!!- exterior lights should actually emit light!!I wish to see more scenery, knowing that this means a lot of work. Overall I was surprised by the qualitiy of the product. For now Aerofly FS 2 is better than Flight School from Dovetail. Expecially regarding the scenery and graphics engine!! Here you can see where to go in that matter! But also the variety of planes is well balanced. The physics are ok. Could be much better for a product which tries to sell itself with the slogan ""highly realistic physics"".Update July 2016: this sim is now VR ready (Rift and Vive). It's in the early stage (beta), improvement has to be done, but this is THE main reason to purchase this sim, if you are an owner of a Rift or Vive. My Vive works great with it."
76561197970435308,Recommended,434030,23685440,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Casey Dia,"WOW! This is an incredible sim, even in beta.I have been an avid simmer since MS flight sim was little more than wire-frame graphics, and having a heavily modded Steam-FSX, I gotta say Aerofly FS2, when it's out of beta, and has the upcoming fixes/add-ons, may well be the most incredible sim on the market.For example, the photo-real scenery in and around Las Vegas, is astonishing for the sheer amount and quality. I have virtually every KLAS scenery add-on, and for as good as they are, they don't equal what Aerofly has done...and the speed with which it loads scenery is incredible...around 8 seconds to load any major city; LA, Vegas, San Diego, Frisco, Phoenix, or the Grand Canyon, etc.One feature I really like is the ability to change the time of day instantly just tapping ""T."" No more having to pause to reload textures. The clouds are quite nice but for now are limited to height, density, etc. No weather effects are working just yet.The 180 airports are highly detailed, buildings have individual lights, gates, and aircraft, but scenery outside the airports is low detail for now but the devs will be adding 30 gigs of scenery - which will be free. And being an early release beta, many functions and feature are not yet implemented. Still, it's amazing!As for the aircraft....all are simply jaw-dropping. Even the Cessna is as detailed as any of the most expensive payware aircraft...right down to photo-real screws, leather textures, etc. that don't blur when magnified, better plexiglass reflections, sharper instruments, near-perfect interior moving shadows etc. And the panel/cockpit lighting is much nicer and more realistic than anything I've seen, especially on the big jets...and changing views is literally instantaneous.What amazes me is how incredibly fast the sim is overall. Load times take only seconds. You have a detailed map (right down to roads) and can just move the cursor to any airport or other locations, even set the altitude, if you want, quickly by dragging the aircraft icon up, choose which runway, etc. and bam...you are there.It really looks like this is the sim that will move people away from the patch-work add-ons for FSX and probably X-plane....and I'm not dissing either of those. The modding community has done incredible things with  new aircraft, textures, flight dynamics, etc....but Aerofly, even in beta with many features not yet enabled, is a knockout!"
76561198050817834,Recommended,434030,23130743,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,redz06vette,"This sim has a great amount of potential, it features amazing graphics,great performance,great flight dynamics (I'm a real world pilot). The coverage area is huge and extremely detailed even at small airports. There are small issues but you have to remember that it's early access. There are many features in this sim not found in other sims, the default aircraft light panel lighting control, sloping runways,no texture load in or autogen pop. What a great sim I can't wait for the SDK that the devs said they will release."
76561197972042513,Recommended,434030,24044571,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Blooddawn1942,"Well, I must admit that I was kind of sceptic about this title. Back then, Aerofly FS 1 was kind of an flat and unsatifactory experience.Nevertheless I wanted to support our genre once more and purchased  Arofly FS 2.And I have to say, I don´t regret it.Beeing a kind of Hardcore Simmer with decent Setup, it´s not an easy task for a flightsim to meet my expectations.I use a TM Warthog Hotas together with Track IR and MFG Crosswind pedals displaying on a tripple Monitor Setup.Mostly I´m busy with DCS. I own every single module, and I used a heavy modified FSX with a lot of A2A modules and all Kind of OrbX add ons. But since there is a lot of trouble getting the FSX on a triple screen setup to run, and considering its age and dozens of add on and tweeks which a neccesary  to deliver a  contemporary experience, I was always searching for an alternative. ( I don´t like X-Plane 10 though, never got into it.)FS 2 ist  really an easy out of the box Flight sim which should newcomers make the approach to this genre kind of achievable.It´s very easy to setup the Controll devices and get into the cockpit in no time.Considering the downsides of FS 1 , the successor really shows an evolution in terms of fidelity.Interactive Cockpits, dynamic lighting and shadows are state of the art and a very solid base for further improvements which are sure to come.The visuals are top notch and the FM´s are believable.If we get some more deepth of system-management, ATC and Add On Terrain and AC´s, I predict this Sim a solid future!I´m really into it, albeit its known drawbacks!"
76561198240827056,Recommended,434030,23089688,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Herr Flick,"First impressions? Okay.... but far from a true flight sim..... are IPACS going to stick to this path?The current flight model is way off the mark. For example, the C172 flies like a stunt plane (inverted, outside loops and unrealistic climb rate to name but a few!) It stalls, but doesn't feel real, no spin entries etc. Its far too easy to land and, when taxiing, it behaves like a go-kart! Crosswinds aren't challenging at all and you can throw the thing around the sky with unrealistic ease - Basically, it feels like a Smartphone game on 'Easy mode'.It is very nice to look at, with smooth frame rates and lovely cockpit detailing. Photo textures are, for the most part, very nice, but away from the airports they can sometimes reduce to very low-res blocks. I guess this isn't a real problem and can be addressed later on. Likewise, the 3d objects overlayed are nice when they're there, but quite sparse in places. No road traffic or night lighting outside of the airstrips (a real downside). However, as early access this should be too much to worry about.... yet.Interactive cockpits not really there yet and there's little in the way of any challenges or incentives to learn more about the aircraft and how it operates.So what's the point to Aerofly FS 2? I just don't know - especially If it maintains its current form, its neither sim nor game.My prediction? If they're isn't a major commitment by IPACS to develop the software, then I see it as a quick bit of fun for newcomers to flight sims. But, when the novelty wears off, so the interest will too and they'll rarely come back to it. Maybe this is what Aerofly is aiming at? a simply to learn, viually impressive self-contained sim/game that they get a decent amount of $$$ for and don't need to invest anything further in it? I hope not. I haven't used Aerofly 1 FS, but I get the feeling this is what happened to it - it was a fairly well polished and visually-appealing product, but stayed that way for years and was never really updated (price always stayed high too!).If IPACS are serious about developing this into the next-generation of flight sim and attract established flight simmers then they've a lot more to do to stand a chance. I hope they do, I like X-plane a lot, but get frustrated by the amount of tweaking and time it takes to improve visuals, get scenery to work etc (I know some people do this with ease, and kind of obsess over it!) But I honestly dream of a good next-gen flight sim, where plugins and DLC are auto-installing and don't require hours of work and frustration. I suppose I had some hopes in this product....In summary - visually - very promising and good initial FPS. But the 'simulation' lacks any real depth - nothing to challenge anyone and therefore not a simulator.... yet. It is worth trying out though, hence a 'cautious' recommend, but at £30 it is bit a gamble depending on what direction IPACS decide to take."
76561198161497563,Recommended,434030,28991423,Posted: 3 January,all,Sauracy,I have been playing Aerofly FS2 for a couple of months now. This was a game I bought specifically for VR and I am not disappointed. The graphics are amazing and the performance on a GTX 1080 is incredible even in the latest NYC DLC and in VR.I wanted to leave a review after seeing a lot of people leaving negative reviews for reasons I believe to be wrong. First of all I fly small aircraft  an average of 4 hours per week being in flight training and I can say that this is the best interpretation of flight I have experienced on a PC. I used FSX/P3D for years and the aircraft fly like they are on rails and glide forever which is not realistic. When you take away thrust on any aircraft they do glide but also lose their lift which means altitude quite quickly.People that are commenting that there are no physics just because they can't fly the airplane into a mountain and watch pieces come off probably aren't the best people to be commenting on a flight sim.I do agree that there are not many systems implemented yet and I am looking forward to having more functionality with the aircraft as well as ATC.People also seem to forget how much frustration there is in trying to get the classic flight sims to even run in an acceptable manner let alone with a multitude of 3D objects and real time shadows and Aerofly does this very well. I just tried the new Xplane beta with and without VR and performance is not great. In my opinion 30fps in a modern game is not acceptable anymore especially with how much money we are putting in to our systems.If you are a long time flight simmer or someone who wants to get into flight simming then I recommend this game. I will say that I purchased this game at a price I believe to be a bit steep but I have faith that the developers will listen to their customers and add the features that everyone expects in a flight sim. I won't be buying anymore DLC until there is more functionality including some sort of ATC and more in depth avionics systems implemented.
76561198168719060,Recommended,434030,23174171,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,pmb2015,"As others write, this Sim has a lot of potential. The photo-based approach lacks ugly roads cutting through houses, airports cut out of the background, and all the other unnatural disadvantages of landlass based simulators.  It's just this unique, consistent view I like best on Aerofly FS 2. The airports I visited are well done, not quite to compare to the best payware FSX/P3D airports, but given two of those cost the same as the whole Aerofly FS2 they are very well-done.  I am not a pilot to judge the flight model, but with 25 years of simming experience I find the C172 (that's the only one I tried in depth) properly behaving and not overly simplified. Performance is outstanding on my dated (i7-2600/3.4GHz GTX970) system, but it has to be seen if this will survive after adding more features. All my Saitek controls (including the TrimWheel) worked out of the box, buttons can be programmed, however I would like to see the Panels/FIPs working as well. Overall I like the User Interface, while a few points (e.g. on the controls screen) could be improved.The one single feature which in my opinion MUST be added for VFR pilots like me is some sort of 3D buildings. While high-rises in SF, LA etc. are there and look pretty well, downtown SF is essentially flat, which I am willing to live with for early access but not for the final sim. There must be some sort of generic buildings - either OSM based like X-Plane has (preferred) or at least autogen based as FSX/P3D does.The next important thing is to get others (payware as freeware) developers involved. IPACS said they are committed to this, and I only wish them (and us users) success."
76561197988937731,Not Recommended,434030,28247597,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Exumed,"Ever wanted to fly a plane 200 knots along the ground, rocket into a loop with full rearward pitch, then land at 200 knots at the end of the roll? Imagine landing in San Francisco bay, rolling over the water and into the suburbs! Want to drift a plane? You're in luck! Full cross control is possible at 200 knots on the ground! How about flying 100 knots past your Vne (structural never exceed speed) in a straight-down dive, dumping full flaps, yarding back with full and immediate back pressure, then landing feather lightly on a freaking mountain ridge? Don't worry, you can ride that ridge down into a valley and up a neighboring ridge for an epic takeoff at the peak!No. Joke. That's the ""physics engine"" this game has in it's current state. GOD MODE ENABLED!What this game is: Eye candy. The graphics are superb, the VR has potential.What this game currently is not: A flight simulation game. Zero physics are present. The planes respond to inputs and that's about it. You can't stall or force a spin, or do any other actual training. You can land at 200 knots on mountains.... nuff said.This game is extremely early in development, and has several years to go before it will be anywhere near ready.For the devs:This game has potential. It looks great, and you have really good ideas, but you need to have at least semi-realistic physics.What worries me is you offer this for mobile devices. No, I'm not worried mobile devices lack the power, I know they can handle it. What worries me is mobile devices have no way to adequately control an aircraft. This means if you choose to develop the game as both a mobile and computer game, the computer game will be held back by the lowest common denominator, which means it will never be able to be a realistic simulator."
76561198030909745,Recommended,434030,25338054,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Gunth3r_G'B3n,"Disclaimer: I have no connection in any way with IPACS or the Aerofly sim other than as a happy new customer. This is an unsolicited review.  In fact I only discovered this simulation a few days ago.I've been flying irl for 35 years. Flt sims since the sub logic days. Lately DCS,  FSX, P3D and Flyinside. Bought this as I wanted to try the gliders and Pitts and I read that it handled the VR fine.I have to say this is one incredible sim in VR! (Rift) Im running a GTX 670, I7 4790. Ultra settings (with the hi res texture pack) and this is unbelievably smooth. The flight models are great. The graphics are stunning. The level of detail in the cockpit is amazing. The illusion of flight is as good as I've seen anywhere outside of a rl cockpit. I just did a flight in the Baron from KSFO - KSTS amazing sight seeing and finished it off with an ILS using the flight director and AP. Fantastic! if you have VR and enjoy flt sims you really should try this sim.The sim is still a WIP (early access) and needs a bit of polish, however it is stunning piece of software when coupled with the rift. This is my new go to software when I want to show off the rift's VR capabilitiy and blow the socks off a VR newbie. Aerofly FS 2 imo worth every penny.I look forward to slipping back into the rift and taking to the skies in the Aerofly FS 2. Fantastic job developers!Two thumbs up from me!"
76561198222739460,Recommended,434030,31185220,Posted: 16 April,all,Ghostface Killah Priest,"this is a fantastic sim in VR, super smooth and awesome scenery and internal cockpit models."
,Recommended,434030,24367592,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,demo,"Aerofly FS2 is shaping up to be a very nice Flight Simulator indeed. It`s graphics are very detailed and at least equivalent (if not better), than a maxed out FSX or X-Plane 10 with the latest scenery add-ons, even if it lacks a lot of the more ""in depth"" functionality of those titles.I have a lot of Flight Sims on my PC, (DCS,FSX,X-Plane-10, IL2-BOS, 1946, Falcon BMS, Rise of Flight amongst others) & at the moment, this is the one I`m finding myself spending more time in, purely because it looks so damned GOOD.It`s not perfect by any means and has a lot that needs ironing out but it`s in early access, updates are regular and progress is being made.I`ve been made very wary of Early Access titles in general after having been bitten by a couple of games that have abused the system but I have a good feeling about this one, so recommend it."
,Recommended,434030,27924210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,randall172,"as a real world pilot, I beleive this sim could develope into the leading sim on the market, the graphics are great even tho there isnt much auto gen, but thats not always a bad thing frame rates are great and the flight dynamics in my opinion are good campared to other sims.I think if the developers really got kickstarted they might be capable of creating a sim that could one day be approved for comercial use but they need many more options like weather, more regions, atc, failures, annd emviroment factors such as bird stikes and weather anomalies that other sims do not have like micro burst, tornado, wind shear, icing, ect   also ground effect would be great.Iv only been using this sim for a little while now but i am impressed i would very much like to see the east coast of the us devoped including the apalacian region like pennsylvinia, ohio, west virginia, virginia ect  and the north east since most fligts i deal with are in those areas which have airports that offer great challenge ...all  in all keep up the great work and this will be one for flight sim history someday but for now its the future  thanksthanksRandall Fieldsprivate pilot"
76561197973661444,Recommended,434030,25533465,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,implicit A,"well.as a flight sim enthusiast ( DCS IL2Bos FsX for many years), awaiting for only the best.I must say this sim is quite good.+ photorealistic swiss is awesome and immersive when above a certain altitude ( same for gran canyon)+ shaders on aircraft are the best i've seen so far+runway texture are very nice+ pilots textures have nice attention to details+ cockpit and gauges are good enough ( not all switch fonctionnal buty enough for immersion )+ the V key with visibily setting+ ~ Flight model feels not so bad ( a bit afraid about what should be the helicopter dev project in fact. it will be a nice way to demo if AFS2 Flight models are realistic or not. FM seems actually buggy  on Airbus and 737  in Autopilot and approach)+ navigation is working with vor and ndbnow the bad point, from the most important to the less- no (realistic) Atc (yet) should be very immersive- no multiplayer IVAO (or something like)  should be really nice with a live ATC in multi- no FFB forces in stick (immersion killing for me using stanalone FFBsim.exe )- no Opentrack working so far except with the vjoy protocol- no possibility to tweak joystick curves. a bit arcadish and too sensitive for beeing realistic.- no way to stop motors ;-(- no failures simulation- no waves or reflexions on water landscapes.- ugly grass texture ( no close texture) just near the perfect runway textureSo is it the next gen civil sim ?regarding aircraft rendering for sure.regarding the huge photoreal textures pack it will be impossible to fly the all world. Would you buy special SSD only for two or three countries ? maybe the choice should have been something between photoreal and procedural generated details for closer looks ( can be ugly if too close or on the frontier)if all negative points above are in the dev path, for sure it will be something incredible in next month !I want to believe in that one. I play a lot DCS, when I want something civil, no I won't reinstall FSX anymore, I won't jump to Xplane before maybe the 11 version if i do it one day. no I want to believe in this one."
76561198037459006,Recommended,434030,31833937,Posted: 18 May,all,frosty,"I'm changing my recommendation after playing FSX again. Even though there isnt anything to do, I can not play FSX after playing this game, I'd rather fly around and do nothing the graphics are so amazing. They really need helicopters and something to DO thoughThey made a good flight simulator and forgot to put a game inside it. Like there is literally nothing to do. In FSX there are missions which add some depth, plus there is some stock air traffic and a ship here and there even if you choose not to install traffic packs. This is a gorgeous simulator world that immediately feels like a facade because nothing ever moves. It gets boring after a few minutes no matter what city you're in because they all feel equally dead. Those first few minutes in VR are incredible though."
76561198002603282,Recommended,434030,25595907,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Hawaiian Hippie,"I bought my HTC Vive mostly for flight simulation. When I found out that it doesn't currently work on X-plane, I found AeroFly FS2 in the store. AeroFly does not disappoint! Love the graphics, that airports and scenery are amazing! I used to live in the bay area in California and I actually saw the satellite photo-realistic image of my old neighborhood as I flew over it! This is a good sim to practice VFR flights, especially if you're using VR."
,Recommended,434030,33015533,Posted: 29 June,all,Oinker,"Preliminary review regarding VR: fantastic implementation! This sim is in development still, but these guys nailed it. The frame-rate (VR and regular) is fantastic. With screen render set to 1.6, I don't drop frames and can read the gauges perfectly in VR; something I can't do in DCS. They also got the scale right. When I'm in the A10 in DCS, it's like I'm 4 ft tall and the plane and cockpit are 2/3 scale. If the scale seems off to you, this sim lets you adjust it. I wish virtual desktop let you do that. Some of the porn sites have the scale set so you feel like the little guy in Avatar being accosted by 8 ft tall women.I also read that this sim was a dummy version of FSX. It's not. These flight models and cockpits are realistic. It's obvious it's still in development with some features not implemented like ATC and radio chatter, missing regions, and multiplayer. Their graphics are so smooth, I can see this being modified to be a dogfighter/milsim.Overall: 8/10 - very good... so far."
,Recommended,434030,24605889,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,RaZOO,"I have used Flight simulators as far back as FS by Sublogic in the 80s. I own FSX (With FlyInside), X-Plane 10 (Currently no VR), DSC, Warthunder, Elite Dangerous and Lunar Flight for use with VR.I am so impressed with FS2 and the direction it is taking. The VR is very impressive even for an early access project. It’s lacking in ATC, AI and other areas that bring life to a FS however, I’m sure it will be one of the main contenders if it keeps developing as it currently is.I would highly recommend this sim especially if you are big on VR.You need to get the lead out. X-Plane 11 looking good and not so far from deployment. With Oculus VR Support"
76561198087692789,Recommended,434030,23273529,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Joe Wendlandt,"Great sim/game, runs great, looks awesome, flight dynamics are good enough for me. Supper easy to set up controls, the user interface could not be more friendly (it could go more in depth, but not really needed). The default airports are 90% as good as any $39.99 prepared one you could buy.  Fps is not an issue, no tweaking to get rid of blurries, the lighting is just as good as Xplane 10 if not better. The shadows are smooth and beautiful,The sun effects are awesome... Just a real amazing experience for $49 sim.  It's like a modern day ms flight, it's what dovetail flight school should have been.  I let others get into the more technical deficiencies... My point is this ITS PRETTY, its painless, and ITS FUN!  Buy and fly... done easy."
76561198034727704,Recommended,434030,26312497,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,lionhart127,"My VR, Oculus Rift.  First the positives.  The VR experience is absolutely stunning, and so far is the best VR I have seen.  You are sitting in a cockpit ready for take-off and it feels you are really there as a pilot. The sharp detail of all the aircraft, the interiors and cockpits are superb.  2 thirds flaps ready, hit the thottle and away you go up into the sky, and look arround and see the ground fall below you!  On my Saitek X52 the controls are very responsive.  The graphics are very smooth and clear.   The scenery positives.  The  airports and city buildings are very well rendered, even some glass reflections.  All the runways and taxiways are very clear and sharp.  Scenery negatives.  The airports are sparse and missing some scenery, like taxiway signs, and other scenery.  There is NO airport moving traffic, NO air traffic, in fact nothing on the airport or in the sky moves, other than you. Other scenery. The water, is flat and lifeless, no reflections or ripple effects  The first scenery improvement NEEDS to be the water.  Ground traffic on the roads especially at airports, and the main highways would add a bit of life.  The weather is very limited, not much selection of cloud types, NO rain or thunderstorms. The distance level of lower clouds (how far you see them) needs to be increased.  To sum up,  in VR this is an awesome sim, but you are taxiing and flying in a DEAD WORLD.  This is the early stages of the sim and I really do hope the scenery is improved so the world arround you shows more life.  However, I do give this sim the thumbs up."
,Recommended,434030,25526862,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Scott G.,"I've played FSX, X-Plane, and DCS for years. They are all great sims in for what they do in proving accurate simulation of flight.Yet there are times I wish I could just jump in and fly around without worrying about procedures, instruments, and making expensive scenery and aircraft purchases. Aerofly FS2 fills that void.The scenery out of the box is gorgeous. The airplanes look fantastic. It's also the only civilian flight sim with VR support; something you have to pay for an external plug-in for FSX...something X-Plane doesn't even have. Needless to say, it looks fantastic using an Oculus Rift.Load times are very fast, airports are very detailed, and being able to jump in a 737 and fly from KLAX to KLAS with a great frame rate on ultra settings (something I could never do on X-Plane, even on a GTX 1080). That's something I've wanted in a sim for a very long time.Will it replace my traditional sims? No. But for just pure fun, this is well worth the purchase price; and the developers are adding more with each update."
,Recommended,434030,30109474,Posted: 22 February,all,Zer❂Squared,"I've been too busy over the past few days playing only this game to even think about writing a review it.  I've never written a review for a game on Steam before but all I can say is this...If you have an Oculus or Vive, GET THIS GAME NOW!I have been waiting years for a VR flight sim experience and it's finally here.  Read the other reviews posted for more in-depth details about all of the features - I only wanted to let the VR users know that if you were even slightly thinking about trying this game or, like me, have been waiting for an awesome VR flight sim, the time is now.  Grab this game while it's still in Early Access because if it gets any better (and it will!) I'm sure the price will go up - because it's worth it.I've had so many OMG moments over even the little things - light dancing off the dash while turning into a California sunset, buzzing through NYC and the Vegas Strip - balls to the wall - with the stunt plane, tearing through the Grand Canyon in the F-15 - all the way to landing my (Janet) 737 at Area 51 to drop off the daily workers in view of (an Easter egg).Kudos to the small team that's working on this project - I hope you get all the tools and resources you need to expand the world of FS 2 for months, no - years to come.(I'm so can't wait to make my own liveries!)Ok - enough typing.  Back to flying!Short & Sweet!Zer0"
76561198009371606,Recommended,434030,26546842,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dash,"It's about as awesome as you can expect a flight sim in VR to be, just looking around the cockpit and out the window is everything you want it to be. However, as a flight sim, it's still really bare bones. Much of the cockpit doesn't do anything (there are VORs and some light switches, thats about it). There are no other airplanes, no air traffic control, no radio chatter, no ground chatter or activity.. the world is sterile and lifeless. This is ok when exploring the grand canyon, but for the city airports you really notice its absense, and I find myself looking for a challenge, something that'd give a meaning to flying manouvers.However, I was particularly impressed by the gilder. There is no tow, you just spawn at a map point at the desired altitude, but once you get going it feels amazing, you can really get a sensation of drifting with crosswinds along ridges, and its relaxing and enjoyable. My favourite part of the sim.Overall it's worth the money, and you'll get a good few hours of entertainment for it, but you can't help feeling let down by the lack of ATC and missing aircraft systems. It'd be nice to be told what patterns to fly, and it'd be nice to contact ATC when approaching an airport to receive landing instructions. Hopefully they'll address this in future releases."
,Recommended,434030,23428253,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The Loli Assassin,"I'm only an hour in but I already adore this game. It is incredibly easy to pick up and play and supports Xbox 360 controllers as well as Joysticks. It took a little bit of fussing with the controls before I was happy with them but the clean, simple interface made this very easy to do. The interface is universally fantastic across the board, everything is wonderful to use and makes the actual flying that much easier to get into. The only downside to the interface is that it is very obviously a mobile port, though unlike most mobile ports this one has at least bothered to be fully functional on PC.The flying itself felt great, the lack of trim controls will bother the more hardcore sim enthusiasts for sure but otherwise each aircraft really felt different from the other, and you will certainly handle a fighter jet differently from a regional airliner. The aircraft available range from Gliders and General Aviation aircraft to Regional Jets, even a Boeing 747. There are also four military aircraft available, an Italian Jet Trainer (I forget the exact designation), F-18 Hornet, F4U Corsair, and P-38 Lightning.From the small number of areas I've explored (San Francisco area, somewhere in Colorado, and Catalina Island/South Los Angeles) terrain textures and meshes seem to range from amazing to mediocre. The terrain seems amazing near the airports and cities, but out in Colorado the textures were quite ugly even from a distance and the mesh itself was jagged and unconvincing.Visually the game is absolutely stunning, the aircraft all have astonishingly detailed interiors and exteriors with all kinds of animated bits and pieces. It doesn't appear that any of the cockpit items are actually interactive yet, but this could still be added. Beside the areas mentioned above, the terrain is also quite nice and I really enjoyed my time flying around San Francisco and the surrounding areas.All in all I'm incredibly impressed, the game runs flawlessly for me on full ultra settings (GTX 970 4GB, Intel i7 920 @2.67 GHz, 20 GB RAM, Windows 10 64-Bit) and loads incredibly fast, taking under 15 seconds to load an entirely new area. I am eagerly awaiting what the future holds for this game"
76561198037254541,Recommended,434030,31131184,Posted: 14 April,all,Fraser,"This Flight Simulator is wonderful, I play it on VR and it really does feel like you're flying. It's still in development so I keep this in mind when writing the review.The sounds and lighting is fantastic and it really does feel like you're flying a plane, we were blown away by it.There are however still some changes that need to be made in order for it to be the  ultimate experience from my perspectiveVive Controllers - It says they are supported but they are not truly, you can't fly a plane with them which really spoilt it for me when I thought I was buying a full VR supported game. The developers have said you can use the HTC contollers to turn dials etc but what good is that is you're already holding an Xbox controller or a joystick!This function should be established as the highest prioroty in my mind as many VR users will purchase this game for the ability to actually feel and engage with the plane controls.Secondly I'd like to see more lighting and buildings on the ground not just at the airports, and seeing some other planes flying around or some traffic etc on the ground would be a brilliant touch of realism. At the moment it does feel like your in a world all on your own with only lights on at the city.Thirdly I'd like to see some collision physics being added, if I fluff up my landing I'd like to be punished for it and see my plane bursting into flames, loosing a wing or blowing to pieces depending on just how bad the flying skills are.Fouthly, Mulitplayer would really finish this game off, being able to fly with your firends, with them in seperate planes or even sitting with you in the plane as a co-pilot would make this an epic experience.My Fifth is more of a complaint, this game is very expensive for an Early Access title, and to see that there are already micro purchases for £10.99 just for more maps in different areas really put me out and I was very disapointed that the developers are trying to milk additional fund through micro purchases. It's pretty shameful to release an unfishished product and expect peope to pay for more content.I am grateful for the AERO fly team for making this game , it's extremely enjoyable as it is, but heavy overpriced if you're expected to buy maps as well."
,Recommended,434030,23352459,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DAVEISTHENAME,"Coming from an experienced Flight Sim user it really did blow me away the Graphics 10/10 Peformance 10/10 Physics 10/10 , really good lots of content many hours will be spent.UPDATE: New DLC has such been Released to add Much needed High Resolution Textures which really makes the difference in Scenery however it is 54GB which shows how detailed this Sim is."
76561198034570399,Recommended,434030,34720155,Posted: 3 September,all,akhan,"So good I had to stop playing to put in this revew.I highly recommend this for anyone who has been looking for the most realistic experience possible in flight simulation especially using VR.  I have to say that the attention to detail is astonishing. Reflection off the dash board changes with the view angle, vibrations when flaring props, shudder when turning engine off, sound effects, most of the buttons and instruments in the DASH and many in the 747 work in VR, the performance of the plane and glide withough engines, all seem very realistic. On my system i7 3.5Ghz, GTX970, using VIVE VR everything performs at the ultra graphics setting, with smooth panning,  without flicker or loss in frame rate issues. More importantly I did not feel nausiated as I can get with other games when motion and frame rate is impacted.Compared to other Flight Sims, this one seems most realistic in VR. I have tried XPlane 10 using FlyInside XP, and it is great but the frame rate is slow, with lots of ficker and sometimes the pc cant keep up. Also, Xplane never felt realistic to me with their flight dynamics (and I have flowing in the cockpit of a number of wide bodies and small ones). Aerofly FS 2 feels extremely real with the way the airplane feels and handles.  If the goal is realism, then this is the best in my opinion at this point in VR. You can even walk back to the passenger area if  you have the VR in room mode.The setup, navigation and ease of use is great, even for someone who can struggle through charts and FAR jargon. I think this will be really fun for kids as well to get started flying and then flying in patern and landing. I know in real life there arn't green boxes to guide you, but i do find them helpful in pefecting a landing and have used them in the other flight sims.Price is very fair for the quality of the experience.  Actual flying can cost $100+/hr. The combination of the 3d buildings, details and satellite imagery gives the most realistic sense of flying over terrain or cities I am familiar with. Ramdomly generated buildings or computer filled in details never made me feel like I was really flying over an area that I actually flew over in a private plane.  This simulation, literally makes me feel like I am flying over the SF bay area.I commend the development team for the attention to detail, focus on VR, efficient use of system resources, and creating a simulation that comes as close to reality as is possible, and beats the competition.  Looking forward to more DLC, ATC, dynamic scenery, more weather options, and other aircraft with the same level of realism.Totally impressed."
76561198074865437,Recommended,434030,24700042,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TacticalGamingXHD,"Well coming from the land of FSX for the past decade, I can truly say that this game has LOTS of potential.  Everything that you would have needed to purchase for FSX to look this nice is already included in the game, and you can tell developers have put numerous hours of steadfast work into this.  I am a little disappointed that ATC and or Dynamic traffic which can intterupt your flight pattern hasn't been implemented yet, but, I have lots of hope for this game and I must say if you're a hardcore simmer like me, this game is worth every dollar.9.5/10"
76561198127913210,Recommended,434030,32697008,Posted: 23 June,all,OliFir,"Played only in VR, so far the best one I've seen in terms of graphics (played FSX / X-Plane 11) and gameplay experience.Aerodynamics seems realistic, but no avionics controls, so not as pushed as X Plane 11 in terms or realisms.I definitely recommend it, and you need a joystick (or joypad) to play this one."
,Not Recommended,434030,30737570,Posted: 25 March,all,Toumal,"This sim is quite the looker in VR, and actually feels quite good in terms of the flying itself. However, the sad truth is that there's simply not enough to justify the price tag. The functionality of the avionics simulation is very rudimentary, the textures are quite low-res up close, the clouds are simple billboards instead of truly volumetric (which looks good on screenshots, but pretty bad in motion) and the scenery is completely still and lifeless.If this were 30 bucks, it would be a keeper. But for the price asked, it's just not worth it, with a superior competing product being sold for 60 USD, just ten dollars more. (And before anyone asks, I don't mean FS-X or anything related to it.)"
76561198020275952,Recommended,434030,23145212,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,greg073,"While, its not perfect, there is a lot of good in this game.  The graphics are beautiful, the photoscenery really adds a nice touch.  However, there are many blurry areas in it.  And the scenery only covers CA and AZ.  Some airports are very detailed while others are bare bones.  It won't please the low and slow flyers, both those into aerobatics and high flying jetliners should be pleased.  The weather system is complicated and no real-world weather ability exists.  There is also no AI or ATC.  I had the occassional stutter as the scenery tiles attempted to load but that may just be my PC as others are reporting smooth results.  Overall, I like it, and hopefully it improves over time.  Please consider buying and supporting a new flight sim developer.  I grow tired of the FSX reboots.  This is a fresh start and can get much better with some TLC."
,Recommended,434030,25071633,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BlazeDaKoosh420™,This Game is a very nice and relax flying game though I wouldnt go and call it a simulator. I mainly bought this game for use with the VR and but it looks incredible with or without the headset. The Terrain and Plane modelling look very nice and the game runs amazing. However a VERY HUGE downside to this game currently is that since it is Early Access there are very few places other than california that you can fly in and there are only a few planes to use as well. If you enjoy flying where not too much is expected of you and you enjoy taking in the scenery then I would recommend this otherwise I would Stick to P3D or FSX and for VR use i would recommend FlyInside for FSX and P3D
,Recommended,434030,30781146,Posted: 27 March,all,lloyd709,Maybe no the technically the best flight sim but the only one I've ever really enjoyed.  This is the way forward!
,Recommended,434030,31036437,Posted: 9 April,all,✅ Murray,"If you wont ever sit on a front seat of an aircraft for many reason but have a VR headset just grab this its so much fun, its smooth, compared to flyinside for fsx, P3D, this is smooth!"
,Recommended,434030,30478522,Posted: 12 March,all,TheJanneman,"As the other reviews state. Systems and simulation depth is 'shallow' compared to offerings such as X-Plane and FSX. However, the joy of using this with VR beats FlyInside's implementation for FSX, P3D and X-Plane.I discovered this game back when I was using a DK2. Now that I've got my CV1 I've picked it back up and started flying. After a while I got bored with the selection of planes and the limited implementation of weather, other traffic, etc. I bought and installed X-Plane 11 with FlyInside, I generated my own scenery with Ortho4XP and had a blast flying to airports such as Innsbruck, with completely modeled ground services. Night flying in X-Plane 11 was amazing....Fast forward one week. I thought 'Let's give AFS2 another try'. And I see what I've been missing. It's just so fluid compared to the other experience. The image quality is absolutely amazing. Seriously, X-Plane on 4k res (2.0 supersampling) doesn't even come close. And that runs 30fps while this is perfectly fluid 95% of the time...Not a complete sim. But 100% worth it for any aviation enthusiast with an HMD."
,Recommended,434030,23537441,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,wobblycaptain,It looks stunning.i  am looking forward to see how this game further develops in the future.The air space is at the moment uncontrolled and alot of system features compared to fsx are missing if all these features where introduced into the game then this would be awesome.I personally would like to see a more vast global flying space rather than just south westen USA.Again what we do have is in no doubt stunning.If your a novice pilot i would recommend this in its current state as its easy to pick up and fly straight away.However if your a experienced pro i think you will miss all the systems that seem missing at the moment.Hopefully future updates will make this game awesome .I for one will be keeping a close eye on this one to see how it develops.Fingers crossed for more system updatesI see a great future for this sim if the works put in.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmPhBSF0tOU(The above is based on early access gameplay no doubt i will update this in the future)
76561197972308674,Recommended,434030,23317152,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Flightsimaddict,"Excellent Sim, terrain mesh looks good, but needs better photographic scenery over it, Getting 100fps + flying over San francisco with Ultra settings while i would be lucky to get 30fps in Fsx, looking forward to flying it in VR with my Oculus when & if the update becomes available."
76561198052504756,Recommended,434030,30099922,Posted: 22 February,all,Dimit123456789,"Ive already spectated the game on youtube for months until i eventually bought it now to give it a chance and fund its development.The performance is great. While i can barely play FSX or X-plane at medium graphics with an acceptable frame rate, this game was running smooth on Ultra settings and with high fps even on my cheap GTX 660. (gpu went quite hot though)TBH, the amount of objects to render isnt very high .I knew that the amount of buildings on the ground was limited but after testing the game myself it is actually is ridiculously low. Large cities like Phoenix go basically not have any buildings at all except for  handfull of objects at the airport and city centre. It does not feel great when you fly at low altitudes tbh.The biggest problem of the game currently is night visuals. While the few existing building objects actually have night textures, the ground scenery stays Dark and the whole City is not visible at night.Just filling the ground at city-areas with lights and maybe an increased amount of lights at the most important roads would easily solve the issue with minimum programming effort and low effect on the performance.(Compare to X-plane 11 night streetlight visuals, FSX street light addons)Also replacing the HD ground scenery at night with yellow-ish random night scenery (Compare to FSX night ground scenery) would improve this without having to add actual real HD scenery of the same areas at night.At high altitudes the visuals are STUNNING!!!!!. Great cloud textures either, but:The cloud draw distance is rather low, so if you are flying considerably higher than the cloudlayer then its just like flying in FSX with 60nm Cloud Draw Distance, just that i didnt find an option to increase the distance like in FSX.The turbulences effects are not very noticeable, sadly theres no Rain/thunderstorm at the momentOverall i think the game and DLCs are quite expensive for what it offers, especially considering that its rather a graphics-experience than a hardcore simulation, having a lower community of simulation enthusiasts who tend to spend much money on trivial things.Personally, i've invested in the game because i am confident that there are yet a lot of improvements to come, and mainly because since 10 years i was waiting for a flight simulator that finally would be able to give me the feeling that when i'm flying above Los angeles, i actually feel like i am flying above the real Los Angeles and not some unrecognizeable Autogen area, which already was bad in FSX, and even worse in X-plane11(where cities often dont even look like cities)I wouldnt directly recommend somebody to spend 50euro (not to mention additional DLC prices) without reviewing the game first on youtube, however, since the game visibly does more things right than wrong, it will get a positive vote from me.But basically its just a fancy optically-nice graphics experience for people who are frustrated of the terrible Visuals of FSX and X-plane which don't even look nice with 1million Addons.Don't use Aerofly FS2 for low altitude VFR in urban areas though, its just a way of spending 50euro to use Google maps in an unusual way.Steam needs to replace its Positive/Negative review options with a 5 star choice which would give me the ability to select 3/5 Stars since its an unfinished product right now (obviously an Early Access game), but seemingly its step by step going to become a great 5/5 flight simulator."
76561197971847516,Recommended,434030,23369669,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jackal,"This is a great flight game, I wouldn't call it a simulator. For those hardcore XP10/P3D/FSX fans out there you may get disappointed with AFFS2 as you are not able to click every single button/switch in the cockpits! Also, the aerodynamics require quite a bit of work, especially with the heavy metals. Don't get me wrong I'm no real pilot here but when you can take off an A320 with 60 yards of strip length and pull down an inverted 737 you know something is off.I would love for this SIM to take off and provide some serious competition to Dovetale (because competition is good for us simmers right?) but there is a long way to go...for it to become a true simulator it needs:- fully functional avionics- night textures- weather system- animated water (luxury)- improved autogen (luxury)- road traffic (luxury)- ATC- oh and remove the mouse cursor from the cockpit! :)If you just want to jump in a plane and pretend you are in a simulator without having to spend 15 mins getting a A320 ready for take off then this is the best game out there. Perhaps this is what the Devs wanted to create anyway, an alternative sim, but personally given that they have such a great graphics engine (this baby runs at solid 60fps everything cranked up) they should consider changing direction! Why? There are far more hardcore simmers than casual flyers the proof is in the existing games, take falcon 4 and the BMS mod for example, or DCS, those games only exist because of how complex they are.Make it open source so that modders can get their hands dirty, and we might have a real contender to the mainstream flight sims!"
76561198091232403,Recommended,434030,30949743,Posted: 4 April,all,Sassy,"This sim is amazing, the devs are some of the best and give out free DLC with an understandable amount of paid DLC, especially considering the amount of content you get for your money compared to FSX. Its only early access and new features are constantly being added, the graphics are stunning and my thrustmaster works great with it. Definitely don't regret buying this."
,Recommended,434030,34522141,Posted: 26 August,all,PandaCheese,"Even if you suck at flying like me, just sitting there in a VR cockpit with your jaw on the floor is worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,434030,24821295,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,icecreammatt,"This game visually looks great. Probably the best looking flight simulator. I had trouble maintaining 90+ FPS or even 45+ fps for that matter with the HTC-Vive with settings on lowest and vsync off. (980Ti, 4790k, 32GB RAM).If you are buying for non VR I think it is a great game. Not as complex as DCS or FSX but visually very realistic. For VR I cannot recommend this game with my specs. Maybe it will run better on a GTX1070 or GTX1080. For any early access game it definitely has a lot of promise, but even the main menu in VR lags. To me it is unplayble until these issues are fixed."
,Recommended,434030,23844878,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Destroyerofcheez,"Great flight simulator so far! The scenery is beautiful, the planes are nice, and the game runs geat. Obviously the sim is still in developement and there are many missing features such as ATC, traffic, moving water, and so on but it proves promising. If you want a next generation flight simulator and have the patience, I would highly suggest picking this up."
,Recommended,434030,33962328,Posted: 1 August,all,Turbo,I am new to VR and new to Flight Simulators. I've had my VR Oculus headset for a couple of weeks and I've played pretty much all the popular titles. The Aerofly FS 2 Flight Simulator has been an experience that has blown me away more than any other game or app that I've played.
76561198060502104,Not Recommended,434030,32312734,Posted: 10 June,all,iightfyre,Nice to have but not worth $60.I enjoy popping into this game once in a while to have a great flight experience and I love the cockpits of the many planes that are availible.  But the lack of airports and HTC controls make this not worth the $60.  I have to play with a gamepad and only able to really fly around the US Southwest.Pros:Great cockpits and plane selectionEasy controls with game padCons:Lack of airports$60 price tag...Lack of HTC controller support
76561198136730744,Recommended,434030,29418192,Posted: 22 January,all,Monostripe-Zebra,"Sort of a beginners flight sim. Not much depth or systems modeling but glorious graphics, fast loading and easy accessiblePrice is not for the faint of heart, though."
,Recommended,434030,29598842,Posted: 30 January,all,Guttter,"Short review:PROS:Amazing graphics engine!Absolute blast to flyNice selection of aircraftAlready 2 DLC scenery packs! + free one!CONS:Not yet enough scenery or rendered areasWater texture not very good / no reflectionsPerformance problems when clouds are present (not FPS issue)NEUTRAL:Plane mechanics - who cares, it's FUN!!Would be nice to have a scenery generator application (not the SDK)Loving the sim."
76561198046155482,Recommended,434030,25587140,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bob Hoskinns,"Hello,A quick review:- not bad, best VR environment so far for environment (just needs more buildings, traffic, better ground textures and clouds that don't rotate on head move).- game itself, feels like a demo atm, no missions, very limited selection of craft.- should have some combat missions, why else have comabt planes?- clarity of dashboard in VR good, could be clearer (again best so far..versus DCS2)- flight mechanics feel on 'easy level', i would like to see improvements here.Conclusion:- Always a risk with Early Access, I hope these guys can improve all the above :)Regards,Bob"
76561198064397100,Recommended,434030,25416910,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Daniel D,"I'm going to start off by saying I've owned FSX in CD form since the early days of its release and X-Plane 9 for a few years (looking at X-Plane 10 soon) and since my FSX just simply doesnt work on my hardware anymore I can't even use it on low graphics.I thought I would give this one a try instead of X-Plane 10 for now because the cockpit and lighting graphics in this simulator are simply superb. Nothing comes close. configuration of joysticks is easy enough but would be nice if it was more fluid in mapping and customization with flight controls.Pros:-Stunning graphics, lighting and works fluid on just one of my GTX 960's maxed out (Doesn't work with SLI)-Cockpits are absolutely gorgeous. Made me want to use my old FSX discs as coasters.-Terrain at far distance is quite realistic, moreso than I found my X-Plane 9 and of course more than FSX-Current regions appear to be satellite accurate.-Oh, and VR. But I have a 960 SLI so no VR for me :cCons:-Slightly overpriced in its current state (But I am faithful it will be updated in the future)-Water is still counted as a ground texture with no visual effects. this is probably one reason it runs so well but when youre doing normal simulations its easy to ignore because it really isn't that significant.-No Multi-GPU (but I honestly expected that and was not surprised lol)-Only Switzerland and So-Cal areas but because it's early access this isnt an issue.Additional Thoughts:I recommend this because it is early access and I see huge potential for improvements. One thing I would love to see is steam workshop content that allows missions/events that users can create, I do believe that will increase popularity quite a bit, but just a thought.If you have the bank, this is a great simulator. If you are looking for simple flights with good visual realism, I highly recommend this."
76561198060884057,Recommended,434030,25474828,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AveryO9771,"This is my first flight simulator game and I love it!  The visuals are amazing, unlike a lot of other flight sims out there that I have seen.  I really like how you can change your plane at any time through the main menu, and I also like the way the players set the navigation for trips between the different airports.So far A++ and I hope new content keeps coming for this fun simulator!"
76561198162676196,Recommended,434030,28210241,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,anders242,"I fly this sim using the HTC VIVE headset. I can only recommend this sim. its visually stunning, the flight model is amazing and best of all its easy to use and theres never any technical problems.This is the best sim I've flown."
76561198191401023,Recommended,434030,31087476,Posted: 11 April,all,DrWhoFan,I really like it in VR but there's just one glaring issue for me. There should be lights on the ground in rural areas. The first thing I did in FSX was fly from Indianapolois to Chicago/O'Hare and was impressed by the realistic atmosphere with all the farm and other lights below throughout my nighttime flight. In Aerofly FS2 VR it's as if there's a global blackout affecting all areas except major cities. Add that and I'll be very happy.
,Recommended,434030,30933421,Posted: 3 April,all,frishdude,"**edit**The Good:I re-purchased at full price because months later nothing comes close to the VR experience this game offers. On X-Plane 11 with flyinside and no other mods I will get 20fps with greatly reduced graphics, with this game, smooth framerate and it was even tolerable with 1.5x supersampling (GTX-1070). The clarity of cockpit indicators makes ALL the difference.Also good:VORs and ILS works, and the navigation screen is functional, though could be better. You could accomplish actual cross-country flying.The Bad:My major complaint is the feel of the airplanes. The cessna handles as if throttle % dictates everything, rather than airspeed, altitude, angle of attack, and throttle. You can't reasonably fly high and then drift somewhere because you fall like a rock when you back off the throttle. Makes for higher speed landings than I want and just feels wrong. This game would be amazing if this were fixed.**end edit*Vive Owner. I love this sim, but I'd wait for this to be on sale before taking the plunge.Pros:- the very best VR flight sim graphics- Very significantly better VR framerates, due to native support- Very significantly better VR resolution at said framerates, due to native support- Way better VR implementation than FlyInside for FSX/X-Plane- Has an airbus A320 wheras X-Plane 11 does not- Amazing level of detail in the cockpitsNeutral- Scenery is low res, looks fine from high up- A320 flight computer isn't programmed in (you program routes with global flight planner)Cons:- No helicopter- Already asking for money for scenery- Doesn't look that great at night- I look from time to time and updates don't seem to be coming in fast lately"
,Recommended,434030,23105024,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jeff Favignano,"People are way too picky, for what it is I love it!"
76561198007389901,Recommended,434030,31775184,Posted: 15 May,all,vinci,VR experience is like flying a real plane. Period. The Swiss map is a joy. Well done guys!
76561198061742892,Recommended,434030,24437818,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,jcomm,"What are some of the most remarkable ( imo ) features offered in this pre-release version ?I'd say, simplicity of use together with three features I really have to point out:-The quality of the flight dynamics, even if they've somehow simplified things like damage model from the previous version, but can of course probably be activated again, I'm almost sure. But the overall feel of flying each of the models is simply superb, and gives me a unique sensation of being there!-Scenery: the photo scenery is excellent, compared to anything I ever tried for either MSFS or X-Plane with ortophotos, and while it makes me start to really consider finally investing on a bigger SSD just for the sim, I really don't mind that Aerofly occupies that much space, provided they really go ahead and make the whole World, in a mix of detail depending on areas, and third parties consider offering their own add-ons;-Smoothness, even at the higher graphics levels on my old i5 2500.Some three years ago, when I started using DCS World as an alternative to my civil flightsims because it offered such good flight dynamics, I asked at the PMDG forums, knowing some members of the team were active DCS players themselves, if they could consider developing for it, but the answer came fast, from RR, and was a No, because they will only support a platform with World coverage. Well, here's one, and one that in my opinion has the potential to grow into something really good!Are Aerofly flight dynamics better than those of X-Plane 10 ?  Well, I'd say Yes, because I do feel the aircraft so far available in this pre-release respond to my control inputs in an even more natural way, from the Sopwith F.1 to the 744. I've been running my usual battery of tests with each of the prop aircraft, now changing to the airliners, and while the various prop effects are there, they are in a more plausible and realistic way than what I find in other civil flight simulators - their real world counterparts are designed to be easy to fly, and not present such vices as those we sometimes find in even the best payware models for the other platforms. When brought to ""extreme"" situations, like in free aerobatics, Aerofly FS 2 shows even better it's potential!Even if some basic stuff isn't yet modeled, like fuel consumption, the hooks are there in the data files for the aircraft, at least those we can open and explore using Notepad. It was with access to these sintax that one of the users has already made available a mod for the C172 allowing for starting and shutting down the engine, electrics, using the mixture, and I am sure many more features can easily be added, but the authors are willing to listen to their user community and making the platform grow according to as much dimensions as possible.ATCis already being considered, an important feature that doesn't have to be too complex for a start, but really makes a difference, and if well implemented can add to the already extraordinary feel of being there that the sim offers. Systems modeling like LNAV and VNAV ( a basic implementation to start with, I guess ) for the airliners and the Lear and C90, and many more details, as well as additional DLC aircraft and detailed scenery areas are things to expect in the future from IPACS.Another area where Aerofly has potential isWeather modeling. I like the way they model such basic things as wind variation and turbulence, making my landings sometimes interestingly challenging, and I also like the thermals model which even if basic, is more detailed than what we get with X-plane, and can really create opportunities to enjoy one of the two gliders already available for Aerofly FS 2.It could start with adding ""simple"" METAR fetch for whole World stations network, as it is presently done in other sims, and maybe even grow to something like ""virtual glider"" suggested at another thread!Let's hope for the Best for Aerofly, but, if possible, let's do a bit more than just hope...I did, and my small disk hearts :-), but I do not regret having done it, and am really enjoying doing everything from landings under windy and turbulent conditions, to aerobatics and soaring. The scenery is simply the Best for VFR I have used so far!"
76561198042800608,Recommended,434030,28198814,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BaneTheCat,"I'm not a flight simmer, but I do have a HOTAS. I've been looking to fly an F-18 or similar in VR (RIFT or VIVE) and this game delivers!No config necessary for my HOTAS (Saitek X-55). It literally took less than 30 seconds from game launch to flying around Switzerland's (DLC) Valleys in an F-18.It's pricey but for a casual VR game for someone who just wants to fly, this is seriously good fun!"
76561198098926432,Recommended,434030,26216270,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,pete,"Way back in the last century I played a combat flight sim called EF 2000. And it blew me away, being the first game to really convey the sense of flying (IMO). Over a decade later I have tried many others including Arma 3, DCS World, Take on Helicopters, FSX and Dovetails new Flight School sim, and for me, they do not compare to Aerofly FS 2 for a real feeling of flying an aeroplane. Stunning graphics, lovely planes, a joy to play.Aerofly FS 2 is early access and there are areas where it still needs a lot of work, but this is just so much fun - I cannot wait to see what the future brings.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,434030,24883503,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Fames,"One of the best flight simulators I have played (and I have played many of them). It strikes a good balance between realism and gameplay for me; it's realistic enough to feel rewarding when you finish your trip, but the flight model is simplified enough so as to not frustrate you.What I found most impressive is how detailed each aircraft's cockpit is. If you jump into the 747, you'll find that most of the buttons and levers and knobs (and if you Google a picture you'll be astonished at how many of them there are) are actually usable and do something. The auto-pilot is similarly sophisticated and I have found it quite enjoyable simply configuring the auto-pilot to fly the plane for me.The only thing the game is lacking is some sort of gameplay component that complements the flight simulation. A career mode similar to how Euro Truck Simulator 2 plays for example would add depth to the game which would in turn make it complete. Hopefully that will be added before the full release of the game."
76561198011720191,Recommended,434030,23087838,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jenny02392,"Nice, Need to Work on the night time environment but otherwise very promising start!  Back to basics and no stuttering.  I like it."
76561198039183294,Recommended,434030,25885044,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,PieWacket,"Firstly I would like to say that if you own either an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive and have even the smallest interest in flight sims then this is a must buy.  Trust me the experience in VR is literally jaw dropping.Aerofly FS 2 shows the potential to be a true flight sim as long as the Devs add much needed features like  ATC, working nav controls on the aircraft dashboards, other aircraft traffic,  multiplayer and generally implicate more working control surfaces on the aircrafts dashboards but as this is in Early Access it is a case of watch this space.  I must say from what i've read the Devs seem to have good inentions and are eager to encourage a sense of community that could make this grow into something very big.The available high res DLC is excellent quality.  Can't wait to see what scenery packs will be released next. I beleive this could be the future of flight simulation."
76561198187643997,Recommended,434030,23878759,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,gamerman12335,"This game is just stunning. I bought the game last week, and I just can't stop playing it. I graphics are amazing and when I fly over the Grand Canyon, it feels like i'm actually there. Yes the game is still missing some features, like ATC, and AI Aircrafts flying around, but I still recommened this game to users who are new to flight sims. I am really happy with all of the aircrafts and so far i'm really happy with this stunning game."
76561198007445038,Recommended,434030,31927961,Posted: 23 May,all,morbidfollower,I was looking for a flight sim to get my feet wet. I enjoyed the old flight simulators from the 90's but never got back into them until recently (built a racesim cockpit and added flight controls). Im running an oculus rift and I have quite enjoyed my limited time with aerofly sofar. I hope to get many hours in trying out all the different types of planes. Just fiinished the 21 lesson tutorial (they do run in vr by the way) and did a quick 30nm flight between two small airports in the cessna 172. I would recommend this if your looking to not go overboard crazy with a 3000 page manual.
76561198117221933,Recommended,434030,24779902,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,patrickfrench6210,"this is the dog you know what,now where do i start,the graphics are the best i have seen on a sim,this is a must buy ,i cant wait for them to do united kimdom and the rest of the us ,all it needs know is air traffic and traffic control more planes please ,big military planes,B52 bombers and all that stuff wich will hopefully be coming.buy it now"
76561197961439297,Recommended,434030,29681474,Posted: 3 February,all,R0g3r M00r3,"Enjoyed completing the tutorial. It looks great, frame rates are quite good in VR, supersampling 1.5 steam VR, medium in game settings [980ti], looks good and runs smooth.Would like to see more in the tutorial, particularly about navigation, course plotting and instrument use.I know it's early access, but the game needs  some missions like FSX has. Hopefully something we will see in the future :)Still all in all this is really promising and I look forward to following the project and continuing to fly :)Highly recommended purchase for VR users. Works with my HOTAS X52. Need to get myself a flight yoke now as well :)"
,Recommended,434030,29239120,Posted: 13 January,all,TheBushPilot,"I've wanted a flight simulator for a while, and this is great. It's what I wanted, all I really need."
76561198106625720,Recommended,434030,25036728,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,drhotwing1,"The beginning of something special!For anyone on the fence with buying this game, buy it! Especially if you have a VR headset. The graphics are top notch and the in cockpit quality is just stunning. Once you tinker with the control settings a bit (using xbox controller) it is easy to control. Yes there are many things missing from this sim now but more will come. For the quality of graphics you are getting the framerates are the best you will get with any flight simulator on the market today. This game overall has the makings of the best flight sime ever, I do suggest having some patients while they are still adding features to this already great sim."
76561198106033259,Recommended,434030,31024411,Posted: 8 April,all,Palouse,"So so smooth!!  Visually unmatched at +4000ft agl.  If the developers can implement more cockpit functionality, AI, and Multiplayer with only a small preformance hit it might just be the best flight sim of the future.  Of course without letting some thired party developers help its going to take to long.I just started fliing Utah, my favoret state, and it puts magasceaneryearth fsx to shame!!  Like always..  Thanks Aerofly"
76561197969943849,Recommended,434030,31173922,Posted: 16 April,all,crvm,This game is coming along nicely. The graphics are top notch and to be honest I've never flown a sim with such a realistic horizon. Amazing! I run Titan X SLI (Maxwells) on a i7-3820@4300 and this runs smooth as silk with max everything. Thanks for working on the trim! I actually quit playing prior to the latest release because of the pitch issues but it is really stable now (minus the lear jet). I just hope we get some PMDG quality addons for this sim so we can finally put Prepare3d/MSFS to bed for good. This looks and runs amazing - a perfect environment for quality addons.
76561198003834689,Recommended,434030,31224543,Posted: 18 April,all,Bruce  Birrell,"Best Flight Sim on the Market. Graphics superb, planes are awesome, can't wait for more dlc. A career mode only thing missing. Keep up the good work."
76561198007572508,Recommended,434030,23414603,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tommykill,"I had to really think of buying this game but as soon as I got on it, it was good, the graphics are amazing and the clouds are so detailed, but I hope you add cycling weather so it rains and thunder storms."
,Recommended,434030,31599118,Posted: 7 May,all,StuntManMike²,"Great SimGame for a quick fly around. Still, quite good physics.- I'd like to have a trim center function, as I am using an analogue trim stick for the rudders. It is difficult to get the double deckers off the ground.- the behaviour of the single engines are better (and therefor more difficult) than in FSX - the pull to the side is huge. It is explained in Aerofly FS2 and makes flying with flight-support ""off"" very difficult - love it :-)- keep in mind to have a lot of disc space ready for the whole content-- ~35 Gb of base installation-- ~75 Gb of free DLC (southwest USA is impressive with a 1 meter resolution)-- Switzerland ~15Gb"
,Recommended,434030,28727963,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kyleforeman,"Gorgeous, the start of the next gen flight simulator we have all been waiting for.Make sure to download the free High resolution texture pack for southwest US.Now go to the grand canyon and immerse yourself in the beauty.Still in Beta, many things still need to be built out to match Prepare3d/Xplane:ATCDynamic aircraftMore detailed regionsAutogen buildingsDynamic Road traffic/airport vehicles/ships/trainsDynamic Rivers/OceansJoin the rest of us by purchasing and supporting the development of this great next gen sim"
76561198042597043,Recommended,434030,26684090,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,higrego,"love this flight simulator. I have been looking forward to a flight sim good enough to replace my FSX 10. This is it. i hope they continue to develope it. highly recommend to my fellow flight simmers.To be fair I have a high end gaming computer so you might get different results depending on your hardware. For me, both with Oculus Rift and just using my monitor, its the closest visually to real flying that i have seen. I have my real world light sport pilot certificate and i can honestly say that visually its almost as sastisfying as real world flying. Wish I had purchased sooner. Doubt I will be flying FSX10 or PREPARD much anymore."
76561197972446652,Recommended,434030,28731906,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rwade2126,"Surprising good simulator!  I find myself using it more often than X-plane 10.5, 11 beta, and FSX.  Though it is missing AI traffic and the night lighting is not where it should be, the scenery graphics and reflections are the best I have seen.  The flight model is on par with x-plane (in my opinion).  I am really looking forward to the progression of this simulator in the future.  Highly recommended."
76561197994992734,Recommended,434030,23844564,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CapeRaped,"The graphics on this simulator are phenomenal, photo realistic scenery, physics. If this is early access I cannot wait to see what is in store for future updates. Justs needs more functionality to program flight plans, ILS, gauge functionality, separate windows for gps, coms, more airports, etc."
76561198055000131,Recommended,434030,23214129,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,harderwijkoever53,"So far I like it.This is still in development so DO NOT expect full system simulation. But if you wish to fly from airport to airport with basic navigation, you can plot a route and press LNAV and it will follow the route for you. VFR flying is also much better in this platform then other programs.I hope they will introduce VNAV and a system where you can insert SIDS/STARS and update the airac from Navigraph. And tune radio's.AI aircraft are needed to populate the sky (these coulld fly sids/stars close to the airport)The good:- Loading times are quick- Nice graphics- Easy to set up- Not difficult while still allowing a good flight modelThe place for improvement:- Full access to joystick/gamepad keys so they do not interfere with user Interface- (Basic) FMC- VNAV- AI aircraft- ATC- SID/STAR- Airac updateI do recommend it given this is still under development."
76561198066921879,Recommended,434030,23843394,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bittervet,"Absolutely recommend.This was released on May 29th, as an Early Acess Game. Some games have been in Early Access foryears. If this spends the same amount of time, with the same amount of development dedication from the devs, this will be even more outstanding then it already is. I'm a planespotter in California that has been to many of the major and municipal airports featured in the game. They are dead-accurate, and insanely detailed. Right now the downside I could see would be the lack of aircraft. There are only a few, but the ones that are out right now, are quality product. I feel like this upsets the FSX crowd... Good. I'm quite tired of the part of the community whose sole goal in a sim is to fly an A380 from major airports. There's more to aviation than that, and this game nails those parts. Keep  in mind this is early access, you get what you pay for. You're paying for an early access, but I'm honestly impressed for what I paid.Things I liked:Great graphics quality (running a GTX970 with a i7-4790K)Geographic accuracy of all airports, even the one in my townQuality of aircraft for the priceHere's some things I think could really improve the immediate value:Tutorials on autopilot (I'm utterly confused by the current autopilots in aircraft, I'm also fairly new to flightsims)More aircraft (We have craptons of airports already, more content on the aircraft side would be fun to see."
,Recommended,434030,32893878,Posted: 27 June,all,-=PR=-_Miller,"So im kinda torn on this.It costs basically as much as xplane with not even 1/20 of xplanes content. Xplane has the world....this games has the west coast of the usa, NY area, chicago,  and switzerland.....its tiny and annoying. There are basically no elevated buildings like in xplane unless u are flying in a orbx air port and pay 35 dollars for it.....nightime is basically non existent in this game and their are zero weather effects......OK so why am i recommending this...Well its the flight sim i really wanted..While it looks horrible at ground level cause almost everything is flat (like no 3d buildings in base game) when in the sky- the photo realism ground is stunning. Xplane leaves me wanting visuals and real world representation. this game doesnt. I can see real farms, real cities, real villages. Thats what i want to see. Also the game is so beginner freindly. Setting up navigations is easy. And you can turn off aids as you become better at flying. Right now setting up auto pilot is easy- many hardcore sim fans might not like it- but for me it works. More cockpits are becoming interactive. They are releasing a scenery tool for poeple so that means free zones.Overall its the flight sime i wanted. Is it worth 50 bucks....I dont think so. people say but it has alot of planes...I really dont care about the planes- i care about where i can fly to. I spent little more than 70 bucks on a flight sim with basically 5 US states and european country. Im hoping to see more free content out soon- but im giving it a thumbs up in good faith for  the devs because i dont believe they will do us wrong"
76561198008893422,Recommended,434030,30839834,Posted: 30 March,all,malorob,looks fantastic with VR no need to buy flyinside just install and play.and the inside of the planes with VR i mean wow. beautiful.I wish they had a few missions like fsx  to complete for steam achievementsor just overall choose mission and play feature for a simple way to get in and start playingoverall very happy with this product looking forward to upcomming DLC
76561198049722972,Recommended,434030,26247259,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,sonicube,"very good Flight Simulator, even if some thing are improving as the light of the taxiway that are absent, a more complex weather (snow rain storm) and the ability to start and stop the engine of the aircraft other than that graphically it is fabulous the plane are magnificent field is very pretty and flight model me compliant lazy  ..."
76561198122851487,Recommended,434030,25172593,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,EchoAlphaEcho,I am not sure if the realism is super high fedility as for some reason I can land everything everytime but then again I have never experianced these planes and sourndings in (almost) perfect VR. Thank you IPACS for making me feel like this and please share your roadmap for ATC and flight plans.
76561197970496384,Recommended,434030,25372783,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bigjoe,"This game really excels at giving a fun simulation experience for a novice, and it is an absolute must purchase for the HTC VIVE. Thank you for making a flight sim that can be used with a gamepad!Overall the physics and ""sim"" aspect of it are kind of on the light side, but that by no means takes away from the enjoyment of the game. I can put on my VIVE, grab my controller and be flying in less than a minute. Very easy to navigate the menu's and worldmap with the controller."
76561198182767497,Recommended,434030,34196320,Posted: 12 August,all,WindHawk,GREAT sim with GREAT support. Outstanding glider dynamics (very realistic).  Look for the ASG-29 add on via Google that someone 3rd party made for free.  VR implementation is top notch.  GREAT SIM!  Thank You
,Recommended,434030,28030996,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jai,Really worth it! Excellent FPS and visuals!
76561198174983014,Recommended,434030,31388156,Posted: 26 April,all,lorangrant,"If the developes continue to add to this simulator, they have a true winner.  Aerofly 2 runs circles around FSX and X-Plane when it comes to graphics.  They have a long way to go before they are in the competition with FSX as far as realistic flight and addons, but the graphics are a winner for sure.  If you want to fly around the countryside and check things out.... Aerosoft is the way to go.  Great Flight Sim!!!"
,Recommended,434030,31418127,Posted: 28 April,all,si_bradshaw,Absolutely stunning. Playing on an Oculus Rift with HOTAS controls. Mind=blown.
76561197995668944,Recommended,434030,31447502,Posted: 29 April,all,Capitaine Haddock,"In the time FSX has barely shown the loading screen, you'll be already flying in Aerofly FS2. This is without doubt the most solid flight simulation platform in the market. It's still early days of course: no ATC, not all cockpits fully functional, limited systems... but it loads in the blink of an eye, the physics are years ahead of FSX (Try doing snap rolls on the Pitts), the default landscapes are just incredible, and the engine is a solid foundation ready for the future. As soon as 3rd party devs wise up, this sim will be huge. Excellent support by the devs, by the way. Very active!"
,Recommended,434030,26563579,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,El Boi,Stunning quality textures and models!A must have for any aviation enthusiast!
76561198256752016,Recommended,434030,30094220,Posted: 21 February,all,.G.,Very good flight simultor for beginners. I like it. I hope you will make new good updatings! And can you please make Diamond DA40.
,Recommended,434030,30212435,Posted: 26 February,all,Spazmic,Very good flight simulation game for the vive. I hope they will add ground and air traffic and ATC aswell in a near future. Also waiting for Canada/Alaska :D
,Recommended,434030,30244404,Posted: 28 February,all,▽￣￣￣SILVERS￣￣￣▽,"When it comes to VR simulators are an exceptional experience when done right like Elite Dangerous. You feel like you're there and everything just works. This title is no exception. It's a fantastic flight simulator with a great selection of planes to choose from. Make no mistake there is no game here, it's just a simulator. However it's not complicated and if you have a HOTAS set up the program automatically detects your devices. No mess with HOTAS profiles like other VR games. You're go to go right out of the box. Plainly put if you want to just jump in and fly this is your sim. If you want a sim with a game element, this is not for you. Try Elite Dangerous. As a VR enthusiast IMO this is a must have.PROS:GraphicsEase of useTotal ImmesionBuilt with VR in mindCONS:PriceyNo game elements (for those looking for a game/sim)"
76561198251837778,Recommended,434030,30862049,Posted: 31 March,all,Toxzii,"awesome game, awesome graphics, and not complitaded at all! This game can all play!  The thing about this, is that you should not play with a keyboard and mouse. I will recommend to use a xbox360 controller, xbox one controller, or a joystick. It is not that great to play with only a keyboard and mouse. Well it is possible, but you sensitivity and aim will look bad. And you also gets a better experience if you play with a controller or joystick! When you buy the game, you only have 150 airports in california. You will not be able to take off from any airports in the world, but still, this game is fun for you. You can also buy additional packages where you then can fly from any other airports. One of the areas is Switzerland, and  New York City area // northen united states. And also, please remember that when you run the game for the first time, you will need to setup your own controlls. Good luck to fly around in California!"
,Recommended,434030,33407513,Posted: 9 July,all,Cariazam,"Among all of the simulators I have been flying this one is hands down the most visually stunning. I have been spoiled with the luxury of VR and also in this category this simulator excels.The Innsbruck Aiport DLC (made in cooperation with OrbX) however, felt as a huge dissapointment compared to the images that are presented. It is a relatively small area that is being covered and the detail that is shown is not very impressive. I refunded the Innsbruck DLC as this is not worthy of the hefty pricetag it carries. Hopefully this is not the commercial course that IPAC is aiming to pursue.The simulator is lacking in some areas which makes it, in its current state, more of a showcase then an actual simulator. Yes, the visuals are great, but flying the plane feels a bit simplistic. It's nice to do a spin over the grand canyon or the Swiss alps, but not really challenging for long hauls. The latter are not possible anyway because the regions that are offered are not interconnected. The world itself is also very lonely; no other planes or other traffic about which at the moment gives the experience a desolate feel.Thumbs up is for now not a very enthousiastic thumbs up. I'ts mostly there because I love flying the glider over the grand canyon or the Swiss alps in VR."
76561198229907468,Recommended,434030,29165518,Posted: 10 January,all,Henry,AeroflyfS2 is a flight simulator like no other! The framerates and graphics are both unreal. AeroflyfS2 offers a variety of aircraft you can fly that arr really nicely modeled. Airports and runways are all very well mode led as well. What I would like to see be inplemented into the game would be cold and dark for all aircraft as well a's things such as ice build up at higher altitudes and also option to use anti ice modes. They also need to implement better night lighting with buildings and etc to make the sim look just as good at night as day! With the potential I see in this sim and with the $54 I payed for it I have faith that the developers will use all the potential they have to make this sim the best flight sim there is! Good luck and keeo up the great work developers🖒
76561197970727897,Recommended,434030,30066122,Posted: 20 February,all,C_J,"I have been involved with aviation and flight simulation for over 25 years, and recently made the jump into VR with the Oculus Rift.  My go to simulator has been FSX for quite some time now, and I've sunk some good money into sceneries and add-on aircraft.  I've been using FlyInside FSX since it was available for the CV1 and have enjoyed it, but always felt it was a flat and lackluster experience in VR... technology just isn't there yet.  I had been resigned to a mediocre experience in VR until the next HMD came along.  Well, it appears I didn't have to wait as long as I feared. Aerofly FS2 provides an astonishing flight experience in VR, and while it has a way to go to flesh out the sim to bring it to life, right now it is simply a joy to behold and to fly.  The flight models are superb, and the visuals in the cockpit are fantastic.  The first time in a Cessna where the light from the sun ran across the instruments caught me completely by surprise.  It was definitely an OMG experience and I can't recommend it highly enough.  There are some serious flight sim folks who are right to say it doesn't have depth, but this is only the beginning.  I understand ORBX may be developing scenery for it, and the flight models and systems for the default aircraft are being fleshed out by a dedicated and helpful development team.  I'm this close to taking FSX off my hard drive. For those interested, they recently implemented data transmission and it now works seamlessly with Foreflight.  There is enough light that comes into the Oculus where you can look down at a kneeboard mounted iPad and monitor the flight, approach plates, and taxi diagrams, without breaking immersion in a significant way.  My other favorite thing about this sim is how quickly you can get up and flying.  With FSX I can set up a flight click fly now and come back five minutes later and it is still loading.  Aerofly takes literally seconds to load up.  Also, scrolling through the time of day with the T and shift-T commands give you a time lapse experience to find the perfect lighting.  All in all, this is off to a tremendous start and I would recommend it to anyone who is an aviation fan."
76561197970807155,Recommended,434030,30466273,Posted: 12 March,all,Abissi,"very good VR flight experience due to good graphics, cloud effects, etc. The simulation however feels  too easy with a simplistic flight model. Either this or I am the best pilot in the world ...Not quite a simulation just yet. too much stuff missing but, as far as I know, the best game to fly around in VR"
76561198007531689,Recommended,434030,34246876,Posted: 14 August,all,gerard_o_donoghue,This is what I wanted from the very first time I played Microsoft Flight Simulator back in the 1980s. In VR its simply incredible. If you want to fly this is the best product out there. 100% recommend.
76561198029424479,Recommended,434030,34881425,Posted: 11 September,all,camthalion,"looks great.... yet another flight sim with no touch controle support :( was exited by the prospect of interacting with the plane with my hands....as its early access i will see how it develops.dose look nice in VR (ground is a bit flat though)...recomend as a non VR game for now, and will re-review once it get launched."
76561198347543462,Recommended,434030,30307282,Posted: 3 March,all,Haleymon,Totally addictive.  It's like owning your own fleet of aircraft
76561198011324831,Recommended,434030,29374818,Posted: 20 January,all,The Oldar,"This review is about the VR version of the game. It does not cover the 2D version.Aerofly 2 is without question the best way to simulate the actual feeling of flying in an aircraft in VR. I have flown FlyInside for both FSX and P3D v3.x and that is very good as well, but Aerofly tops them both for fluidity and creating a realistic feeling of being airborne.Yes, it lacks many features that will need to be added to make it a serious simulator for training purposes, but nothing else out there creates a better simulation of what flying feels like. Flying a light plane through mountain scenery can truly make you gasp in this game. The scenery in general is quite good in the covered areas. Although some cities are basically just flat photo scenery, others are rendered in very good detail. It is exhilarating to fly through cityscapes using sky scrapers as pylons! The flight physics of the planes is adequate. If you fly them the way they were meant to be flown I doubt you will have many complaints. The cockpits are gorgeous, but at this point many of the buttons and dials are inactive. There is no ATC yet, and that is a problem. The weather system needs to be updated. But as a former pilot I can recommend this program wholeheartedly to anyone who wants to experience the ""wow"" factor of flying in VR."
76561198065419151,Recommended,434030,25853724,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,itye1970,"Excellent progress on this simulator, smooth graphics, no issues with detecting controllers, easy menu options, great flight model see our review herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TiaX7re97o"
,Recommended,434030,29894124,Posted: 13 February,all,hemodv,the vr is great but the game is boringall it need is Missions Missions Missionsand it will be the best flight simulator game for vr at this time
,Recommended,434030,23431698,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lionheart,"This sim is incredible.  The planes are extremely detailed to a level I didnt know possible in a simulator.  The ground terrain is all photoraphic and well done.  You get 3 USA States; Arizona, California, and most of Nevada.  So great being able to fly in a realistic world.  Even the sky is photo real.  Brilliant clouds.Second, it performs very nice.  It will load up a sim (on my computer) in about 3 long seconds.  I adapted to the Keyboard controls fast.  Its simple, not super complicated.  It has a high performance code so it works smoothly.  They say they are improving resolution around airports (ground photo scenery) and getting ready to come out with an SDK and Air Traffic Control (as it has none yet).If you want a sim that has a beautiful, realistic world modelled, this is the thing!  This is it!  Only three states so far, but they plan to expand.  For a Beta, this is just absolutely amazing...   I like it more then FSX.BillLHC"
76561197993212979,Recommended,434030,25098286,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lowball,"Played on the Vive, with an Xbox 360 controller. This game is truly impressive - just picture FSX, in VR. If you have a VR headset and enjoy flight simulators, then buy this game right now."
76561198276363856,Recommended,434030,24720147,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,darlingnotin,"I commented on this game earlier.I made the mistake of running it in on my oculus in steam VR mode.Do not do that. Run it in the oculus native set up.After I figured that out, the game is amazing.Now if we can only get some add-on planes."
,Recommended,434030,24746202,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,paulohotline®,"Being an avid flight sim fan, I have played FSX since it first came out and have purchased every version since. I have been playing both FSX and P3D with Flyinside in VR for a while now. Aerofly FS 2 is by far, even in its early state the most fun in VR I have had with flight. This team is talented, I purchased Aerofly FS direclty from their website and paid a fortune to get it shipped to Canada so I could be one of the first to play it. This product is much better and has more planes right out of the box to try out. It plays great with a Xbox One controller in VR with the Vive or CV1. I prefer the VIve since I can go into Autopilot and walk around the plane and check out the windows seat view in the private jet while I fly over the Golden Gate bridge. I also buzzed the tower in Alcatraz prison aka the rock while going Mach 2 Supersonic in the Fighter Jet. Simply amazing, cannot wait to see what this team does as they improve the software and add on more states. Definately worth the $55CAN if you have a VR setup."
76561197960698632,Recommended,434030,24642839,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Vindictive,Pretty cool sim to mess around and show off to some friends.  Not as taxing as DCS world.  The cockpits in Vr are decent but the scale is off.  The cockpit is too large and does make you feel like you truly in sync.  Try a10c or the f-15 and you will understand what it feels like to be in a cockpit.  Even with adjusting the view it didnt seem quite right.
76561197996498934,Recommended,434030,24677894,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sheraiin,"Simply amazing how they created such a fluid sim. I really think, if the devs can keep up with regular map updates / planes and future ATC / Ai / plane functionality (without destroying the fluid graphics now!) they have a GEM. It is such a great fun to fly in Aerofly 2... it feels really challenging to fly planes. The framerate and the VR scaling is really AMAZING!! i can see the dials very clearly and the text on every button and dial. i recently invested hundreds of euros in addons for prepar3d, but this is the sim that gives me more immersion, detail than i experienced so far in any fsx based sim. Silky smooth graphics, high detail (at airports too!) i little stutter at some places but i have an gtx 970 with the HTC Vive....and i'm really content. THIS sim with continued support and development has the future!! it only shows me that all current flying sim engines are really outdated. i'm a happy happy flyer! and in VR...it's just stunning!!!"
76561198306336528,Recommended,434030,30680393,Posted: 22 March,all,hinckleyjulia,"This is a wonderful game for seeing the world! I abosolutly love this game. The scenery is by far the most amazing I have ever seen in a flight sim. It takes almost no time to load the graphics, or change location. It's a must have for me. I can't wait for the next geographic locations that Aerofly picks next!"
76561198035367678,Recommended,434030,23728696,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Airman,"The game is awesome in terms of flight control and landscape. However, there are still problems in it. For instance, during level flight, if you suddenly move your pitch up and down then aircraft wing is turning into bird wing. It is like a bird flying. Wings of the aircraft exactly do the same motion as bird's wing when flying. It should be fixed in later update. Also, the map only covers little part of USA. I want to fly around the world. They may need to improve the map with so many airports across the world. Overall, I am happy with this flight simulation. It is perfect but they have to improve it in the future. Usually, I fly with Microsoft Flight Simulation but now, I always fly with AEROFLY FS2. Thanks"
76561198042006724,Recommended,434030,24390876,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,senunn,"The start of something revolutionary.  Though it still has that mobile-app stench on it a bit, Aerofly FS2 leaps above the competition in terms of texture quality, airport quality, and engine smoothness out of the box.  The American Southwest featured in the initial offering showcases the stunning visuals and silky framerates that other sims have yet to approach without gobs of addons.  Many well rendered airports with magnificent real world textures around.   It really does need better depth in terms of actual piloting (airplane systems, ATC, real weather, flight dynamics) but I am hopeful these will come in time.If they do a good construct of the American NE corridor (Boston through DC), I think it will broaden their appeal significantly by including a massive population in a workable area."
76561198068247701,Recommended,434030,24169671,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hortler,Very good game. Cant wait to see where they take this. I hope that they make it as realistic as x plane or FSX because the graphics are extremely well done. Recommended!
76561198004824240,Recommended,434030,24382736,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,moana,"For an old guy who flew MS flight simulator 2.1 for the first time in 1984 (I think it was a first colour version. 16 colours in high resolution.)The answer to your question what I like about Aerofly FS2 is ""EVERYTHING""Of course I am recomending it to everyone.It is unbelievable game/simulator. Thanks my little sample Detail of Sceneries and the planes are beyound anythinhg I tried.I Love it. It is a number one simu;ator in my book. I create a little videos and I could use more powerfull ""zoom in"" function - close up. I love the recording possibilities. Just perfevt for re  capturing flight from different angles.  I am a fanatic as far as Aerofly FS 2 is concerned. Thankshttps://vimeo.com/176530833https://vimeo.com/177860602https://vimeo.com/178767586"
76561198087058314,Recommended,434030,24422332,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,jon.murchison,Have to say I am loving the visuals and smooth performance of this sim. Am excited to see how it evolves into the final product. If you like sim flying you'll love this. Just be aware you wont find PMDG quality systems in the aircraft. They are great but as the product is evolving into a stable platform more complex add-ons will come later I'm sure. What you get 'out of the box' is quite impressive IMO.
76561198353299603,Recommended,434030,29386172,Posted: 20 January,all,Pilotboy,"I gotta say, for it being in development, its a really good game! The thing is, you need a really beafy computer to be able to run it so make sure you have all the specs it says. Also,  the game is still i development (like i said) so if you want to get the game now, you wont have the longest flights ever but im hoping i a few years, they add more regions to the game, but on the other hand, the game is realistic, very easy to use, and if you are a learning pilot, this is the game for you. So what im trying to say is the game is great but there are a few things as well that still need to be worked on."
76561198130463752,Recommended,434030,30845923,Posted: 30 March,all,Solarcode red,"It's a great simulator for the price.It's dlc is outrageously overpriced for what you get ,but nevertheless good graphics."
76561198223850304,Recommended,434030,31230356,Posted: 18 April,all,rgreenidge,"What I liked about the game was the great graphics of NYC during the day, almost ever major building is constructed. What I didn't like about the game is that there is no ATC or any airports yet  in close cities like Philly or Boston. Where there is nothing. The other thing I don't like is that it is easy have 2 multi-screen views in MSFS, but not here, you just have one view. With MSFS I used the upper monitor for the windscreen, and the lower one for my instrumentations, radios etc."
76561197979160013,Recommended,434030,31597332,Posted: 6 May,all,Progjazz,"Awesome simulator!! Coming from all those years chasing flight sims (all the way from Flight Assignment ATP) trying to get the performance and realism especially nice FPS, this is an absolute joy to fly. I really love how they are approaching this with the focus on 1. How it performs, I have an I7 4770 with a 1070 with my resolution at 1920x1080 I have hit frames as high as 402 and average around 130 - 180 in 4k!! But us simmers that have been in this know why that is. Because there is nothing else running which leads to 2. Scenery. I can't get enough of the level of detail of the scenery even when viewed from a distance and how there are no stutters when panning around and loss of performance especially when landing, but that will change ( hopefully not much ) when other developers bring the weather, AI, scenery, and ATC!! But for now IPACS seems to be heading in the right direction focusing on what is most important with making it work like it should. Look at other sims that have traffic, weather and ATC. We go out and get addons for only to have to override these so it just makes sense that IPACS not add these as of yet and let the DEVS out there do what they do brick by brick until they have it just right. If IPACS were to add all these things then many would say that this isn't real or real enough etc.....! To Me IPACS is saying we are going to lay the ground work and make it run on all systems and you guys (the DEVS out there) use this SDK and bring us the scenery, planes, and weather that you made for FSX and others. VR is as others have stated just AWESOME in that it work beautifully without outside programs. Once you go VR you don't go back unless you just don't feel like using and then it's TrackIR, at least for me. Do I miss all the switches and navigating with GPS and the FMC in my PMDG? Most certainly, but sometimes I just want enjoy flying without all the thinking and planning routes and do it on sim that performs like it should! I have never been a FAN BOY like many on anything but rather a fan of anyone who does things well and it looks like IPACS is heading in the right direction so far. It's like they have seen what we have gone through and listened and is doing something about it especially when for a moment our hobby was left high and dry with no hope of getting a new flight sim (ACES). Get behind these guys and Thank them because they could have just sat by and did nothing. I'm saying become their biggest fans, just appreciate what they are trying to do!! Besides we all still have our other sims and probably will for some time, I know I do. THANKS IPACS!!!"
,Recommended,434030,27354463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aznbeast_78,Nice graphics and it seems to have good optimization. Just needs more airpoirts and mod support.
,Recommended,434030,26132164,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Skittlehorse,"I would recommend this game. After playing this, other simulators graphics cannot match this game. I have played for some hours, and there are only a few things I think should be added/fixed.- Airplanes - Maybe Boeing 787-x, CR7, Airbus A-340,380...- Sound - I think there should be some more sounds, making it seem more real. Landing Gear sound, Flaps Retract/Extending sounds, the sound when your wheels touch the ground.- Visuals- Again, maybe some smoke effects when the tires touch the ground- Contrials in the skyI think this game has great potential, and I am no game critic, I just think those would be some great ideas!"
76561197973144223,Recommended,434030,25490334,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,sinansim,"I have HTC Vive, intel I7 processor and Titan X (maxvwell). It is little jittery with everything ultra + 2.0 supersampling but let me tell you this, simply amazing! if you want it smooth, just bring down the sampling to 1.5 or 1.0. It is truly a VR ready game. Graphics are sooo good, you feel totally immersed. I wish DCS World had similar graphics and VR options.I have just spent 3 hrs in a glider on the Switzerland DLC map which totally worth the price. Best flight sim moments ever. You are just there and flying, looking at scenery with awe. Change location, plane, weather or time of the day instantly and keep flying. No loading screens, no wait.It is early access and I hope they implement campaign or career mode. i would gladly pay extra bucks just for the glider pilot competition + realistic thermal soaring model for Switzerland map. How about a commercial pilot campaign for Jumbo jets or military pilot missions for f-18?Note: Now i had a chance to compare DCS world 2.0 Nevada map with FS2 California map. Huge huge difference in between. DCS world map has moving objects like cars, trucks on the road but graphics detail and performance of FS2 is far more superior, especially with HTC Vive. I know it is like comparing apples to bananas but I can't quit flying on FS2.It worth the price even in this stage, congrats to developers."
76561197970258001,Recommended,434030,25579038,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,tom.keating,"Very realistic, sure there is more to do with this but the 172 simulation is exactly like the 172 I fly and it handles the same. Sure this is work in progress but so far so good...."
76561198006688945,Recommended,434030,26505577,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bearfight,"The last update really hit the mark for HTC Vive owners.  I'd say their claim of 25% quality increase is modest.  I was extremely surprised to see how crisp and clear both aircraft and scenery were, compared to previous builds.  I'm not sure I've seen anything else look so good on the Vive.  Specs below... better hardware should look even more amazing.  Great work!Windows 10 1607, Nov 8 Updatei7 3770k at 4GHz, 4.3 Turbo (No Throttle)GTX 980 at 1480 Mhz (No Throttle)SteamVR Beta, Supersampling Multiplier: 1.5In-Game Graphics Setting: High"
76561198319141102,Recommended,434030,31311406,Posted: 22 April,all,🔰JDM 🔰,"This is horrible, Aerofly FS2 is unuseable after updating my game. I wonder when the game creators will fix this and at this moment I cannot get my game to download after trying to reinstall it. At first, the update finished and said,""MISSING FILE PRIVILEGES."" I'm wondering if anyone else has the same problem. I still do recommend it because it's a great game."
76561198272679753,Recommended,434030,31695575,Posted: 11 May,all,pandamail,"The game is wonderfully fluid, graphics are gorgeous, and the VR effect is fantastic. I recommend it, though it is not perfect: the clouds lok wrong in VR (they move a bit with your head), the water doesn't move, and (most importantly) the flight lessons don't work in VR."
,Recommended,434030,30936294,Posted: 3 April,all,TheDiamondFox,"(VR Review/Rift CV1)I'll make this review quick and simple. I own a lot of flight sims, I'm a bit of an enthusiast. I tend to base by review off of how I enjoy the product rather than how it compares to something like x-plane or p3d. Thus I think Aerofly FS 2 is a ""fun"" sim especially with VR. I can compare this game to a tour, you'll spend most of your time taking in the scenery and enjoying the ride rather than worrying about how you're on fire... not that being on fire isnt fun. I like to play Aerofly FS 2 whenever Im in a relaxed mood and just want something fun to do that also interests me. If that sounds like something that you could have a good time doing then I recommend this game for sure. Although if you are looking for a serious sim or maybe you don't think you'd enjoy without VR you may want to look elsewhere."
76561198010460747,Recommended,434030,24749212,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bdwilson66,"This title is very impressive. The cockpit graphics are awesome with TrackIR, VR & Motion Platform support offering good immersion. Controller support is thorough and easy to setup.I've enjoyed FSX for a long time, but what this offers is a complete package of some detailed scenery areas & aircraft in a flight sim that lets you just jump in the cockpit and have some fun. ITs not trying to be overly complex but because of this will appeal to many more flight enthusiest type people who dont have time to learn the full start-up procedure for a boeing 747! Well done developers, and keep the development going.After one year I've seen Improvements to Sim & additional downloads from IPACS and 3rd parties (Paid & Free) that have been frequent and show this Sim is going to be supported for long time.Enjoying the development ""flight""PS Please add a Helicopter to sim!, its currently the biggest ommision that would take this sim to the next level :)"
76561197970563212,Recommended,434030,34219266,Posted: 13 August,all,Runwaypimp,Amazin in VR
76561198013257331,Recommended,434030,31929043,Posted: 23 May,all,Decimate Nature,"This isn't really a flight sim, in the traditional sense, but lets face it, you're not looking for a flight simulator. You're looking to fly in VR and this is the best game for it in terms of graphics and performance. Although I enjoyed this game I ended up refunding due to the price. Although the graphics are amazing and the physics are decent, the game suffers from its reliance on satelite imaging which can be less than clear at low altitude and disappointingly 2D for a 3D  VR environment. Although at high altitude this is not a problem it broke the immersion for me. I will repurchase when this is $20 because of its ease of use and amazing 3D cockpit graphics and game performance.*It looks like the developer has added new content since I owned/played this game. At the $50 price, however, I feel like all DLC should be free. Looks like it's going to be an additional $30 for the paid maps, At least you get 2 DLC for free."
76561198424471621,Recommended,434030,35246745,Posted: 27 September,all,durdak2011,"+++ A great flight simulator!!!  +++ I would buy it again and again!!!+ It looks absolut FANTASTIC!!!!!!!+ It runs even on older PC systems absolutely smooth!!!+ The planes and cockpits looks very detailed and nice!+ The aircrafts are easy to fly - very soon you will have lots of fun and enjoying one of the best looking ""world"" in a sim!!!-  The aircrafts are easy to fly - there are not so much deep flight avionics / hundreds (!) of different sub-modes and so on (you have this in another great sim called ""DCS"" Digital Flight Simulator!)...+ The landscape / simulated world is very nice and looks great...-  ... but sometimes you feel very lonely - no other flying planes, no driving cars, etc.I have a lot of other ""real"" flight simulations, e.g.   DCS, FSX, ...In DCS I practise to fly the A-10C for YEARS (!!!) now (I am practicing hundreds (!!!)  of hours in the last years (!) in an online squad, working with a lot of manuals, checklists, ect. )... it is hard work :-) ...and I love it!In FS2 I simply fly the planes, enjoying the landscape... it is pure joy :-) ... it is and I love it!"
76561198007703762,Recommended,434030,23411980,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dbenbow,This is a great start for a 64 bit sim. The graphics are stellar. The best part is that it is in alpha stage with more to come.
76561198020353001,Recommended,434030,27734238,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Psychotron,"Outstanding! Better than FSX, better than X-Plane. Amazing in VR (using HTC Vive)! Seems like it was built from the ground up for VR. Feels so damn real (I am a sailplane pilot). Lots of aircraft, lots of liveries. So far only the South Western USA, but the textures are high resolution, airports are detailed and there is lots to do there. Clickable cockpits, tutorials for totally new flight simmers. The options are easy to change while in flight, fast loading times. Runs very well, I only have an i7 2600k, not overclocked. Support the developers, they deserve it. You can tell the devs are passionate flight sim enthusiasts and are making this game for themselves, because it is very polished for being Early Access. For the record I tried DCS in VR and it ran like crap and looked like crap. I was expecting sort of the same, but man was I wrong and I am so happy I was. Highly recommended."
76561197984803920,Recommended,434030,24341305,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,HiFlyer,"So far i'm very impressed with this sim. No, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles yet, but Ipacs has laid down a good base for expansion, and I expect a lot of good things to come.So far they have released several enhancements, and even granted customer requests to add in the Aerofly 1 Switzerland scenery which I was glad to purchase for the $9.99 that they were obliged to charge due to licensing restrictions.The only thing that spoils things a bit is that the trees in the USA scenery are apparently random and show up everywhere: In roads, through the middle of buildings etc, whereas the Switzerland scenery shows a lot more care.On the other hand, the USA scenery encompasses many, many more detailed airports and even a few cities that I hope they expand, possibly through OSM.Night lighting would also be good, since its damn dark out there at night; but even with that, the sim is an absolute visual joy to fly, and encourages users by its sheer beauty to explore the countryside.Well worth the money, for me."
76561198004312088,Recommended,434030,28285416,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mmorrisonriggs1,Completely immersive with Oculus.  Love it!
76561197971328580,Recommended,434030,29939032,Posted: 15 February,all,Raging Beard,"I have dabbled in and out of flight sims since the days of flying under the Golden Gate Bridge in F/A-18 Interceptor on the Amiga, and while it's true the latest generation of sims will (or at least should) always be the best, Aerofly FS 2 beats all the competition by an infinite degree.Now before anyone argues the point, let me be clear, I am basing my review on playing in VR on the Vive and using a HOTAS. I understand that in 2D this may not be the most in depth sim, numerous buttons/switches in the cockpits have no effect, and you can't even turn the engines off. There is no air/ground/road/sea traffic, no ATC and no multiplayer.However, that's not to say this isn't a sim. Thanks to its brilliance I have now learned to fly using VOR and correctly use the autopilot in the Cessna (ok the autopilot sometimes doesn't want to play ball, but this is early release). It has got me making flight plans on Skyvector, and using a free OpenVR program I can even have my flight plan on a virtual ""clipboard"" which is attached to a Vive controller.My PC is an i5-6500 on Win 10 with 16gb RAM and an nVidia 1080 GPU, and in VR Aerofly runs unbelievably smooth. I have all graphics on Ultra except for shadows on low (no noticeable drop in visuals), and trees on medium. Looking around the cockpit is silky smooth 95% of the time.Having played numerous driving sims, and a couple other flight sims (more to come on that), I am quite honestly amazed at how they get Aerofly to run so well!As for the competition, I have tried X-Plane 10 and 11 with Flyinside. Flyinside is a genius bit of software for sure, but I have to have the graphics options so low, both 10 and 11 are just not great experiences. Also I found a huge problem to be that in the cockpit, when you moved your head the mouse pointer moved with it, making it so frustrating trying to operate systems. In Aerofly, the pointer stay where you move it, so you can look around all you like but the pointer will stay on that dial. Doesn't sound like a big issue, but trust me, it is!With Flyinside and XP 10/11, once you start putting any reasonable load on your GPU at all, you get horrid black bars appearing around the edhes of your view in the HMD. It's a nasty experience and a complete immersion breaker.I suppose I should list a few pros and cons, to save me wittering on...PROSThe BEST VR flight sim bar none.Astounding smoothness & beautiful graphics.Nice choice pf planes with beautiful cockpits.Fast loading times.SDK released.CONS (but note is still in early access)Not as in depth as others, lacking aircraft functions, ATC, AI traffic, weather.By no means global. Has a small (relatively) area to fly, SW USA with two more paid DLC options out.Night lighting not even close to XP 11.Currently not close to choice of aircraft available in the competition.I'm sure there's plenty more I could say, but I will summarise by saying that if you are looking for a VR flight sim, get this. By all means download the Flyinside demo and the XP 11 demo, but that is a long way off from being truly playable in VR. Aerofly FS 2 is a VR wonder."
76561198308619199,Recommended,434030,23811664,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,fdraytonis,"great sim, very stable, easy to get into with lessons.very happy with whole package. pre  mapped  for xbox  controller  is superb. best sim i have had since flight  unlimited with easy navigation. great with a joy stick as well. best  vfr  ever."
76561198262753933,Recommended,434030,34065569,Posted: 6 August,all,supermrmc,"Gave in and purchased this to give it a go. I've used FSX in the past and I've now moved on to X-Plane 11 but this sim always caught my eye in terms of looks.It certainly delivered, the graphics are 10/10 and the scenery is amazing, although some areas are very flat. When at cruise level however this all looks amazing nonetheless. Areas around the airports in particular are well detailed and have modelled buildings and city center areas and  San Fran and LA do too. These have decent night lighting but the rest of the scenery lacks it.The new Q400 (free) DLC is my favorite aircraft in the game. Flys well, handles well and looks great. Now with the ability to importscenery/ tiles etc I can't wait to see how this sim grows. I think this is a great entry level sim as the aircraft are beginner friendly and there are plenty of them to get familiar with.What I'd like to see added in the future: real-time weather including rain effects, night lighting, more expansion DLCs, autogen buildings, multiplayer, AI aircraft, more parking options when selecting a start location."
,Recommended,434030,30252819,Posted: 28 February,all,JEL,"Aerofly FS 2 (AFS2)The good:Virtual cockpits.Using the HTC Vive, the virtual cockpits are the best I have seen in any sim I have tried. They're actually amazing.The bad:Flight dynamics (how aircraft behave in the air)If you want best realism, AFS2 doesn't provide it. FSX/Prepar3d does this much better (of course that platform has more than 20 years behind it, in which time people have learned how to create good flight-models)--------------For some fun gaming AFS2 is fine, but if you want to simulate flying FSX/Prepar3d is much better (especially Prepar3d if you download 3rd party well-made aircraft)If users could create flight-models for AFS2, perhaps aircraft with better realism could be created.The ground-textures are great in AFS2.The clouds are much better in Prepar3d.All in all, when looking at the complete picture, AFS2 is a nice game but not currently up to par with FSX/Prepar3d."
76561198112335919,Recommended,434030,25118426,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"So far - VERY good -  I have a high end 980ti - studders unless turned to low = (So I buy the fastest (founders) 1080 card... installed -  Still studders unless turned to low = (Needs to be optimized?  I have high end spec Alienware A51.I want more res- detail - but from what I have done and seen so far, I recommend it.  I'm using VIVE.Id' also like more to do?  missions?  fire missiles from the jets?  something for a goal/effort.P.S. I have the high res DLC - and I don't know if I have to toggle it or what, but I'm not seeing textures and res like those pictured. (because my graphics studder with them on?)  mainly the cockpit gauges studder... almost as if seeing double. = ("
76561198210126959,Not Recommended,434030,28790005,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ka-berg,"Have played it for a couple of hours OFFLINE now. It's pretty much the same like Aerofly FS (version 1) which I've also owned, but FS 2 has much more Airplanes and Textures/Regions.It's flying at it basics, shifting from one scenery to another. Landing and launching some patterns can be quite challenging;  the P-38 is rendered very well, even its sound.  But I  CANNOT recommend Aerofly FS 2 -  because of its main issue:"" The game (or is it a simulation at its basics?) becomes BORING very fast, concerning its limited capabilities "".Eye candy is not everything!"
76561198305233575,Recommended,434030,23571734,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,thetrikesta,"FS 2 IS A GREAT SIM, I HAVE BEEN DOING FS 1 FOR A WHILE NOW. BUT, HOW DO YOU FOLD THE WINGS ON THE CORSAIR?, LIKE THE ADD. BUT WHAT WOULD SUPER FANTASTIC, GET IPACS TO PUT IN THE SR-71 BLACKBIRD."
76561198093132292,Recommended,434030,25582125,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Raptr,Great game!  Works great with the Oculus Rift and Saitek X52 Hotas
,Recommended,434030,24672898,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,"This sim is awesome with the HTC Vive. The graphics look amazing and to scale. Unlike most hardcore flight sims, I can actually take off and land in this game which is a huge bonus as I enjoy leasure and will not be landing a real 747 anytime soon. With that being said, it appears most of the buttons in the cockpit are accurate and clickable with the mouse which is pretty cool. I anticipate pouring a ton of hours into this - highly recommended if you have an HTC Vive."
,Recommended,434030,25299468,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Athoren,"For a Flight Sim its pretty good, Very nice in VR but i would like to see Helicopters added to the game also."
76561198024661254,Recommended,434030,25394822,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,C3,"This is my personal favorite of the vr flight simulators i've dabbled with.  Easy to change through the various airplanes at any point in time, graphics look great, runs smoothly and a very lifelike immersion. Had a blast with this one thus far, can't wait for the final product."
,Recommended,434030,25415949,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,StefVR,Fantastic experience in VR with Hotas and pedals! Stunning visuals.
76561197971032405,Recommended,434030,24620495,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,eran,"Better than MS FSX for sure, best VR simulator I have seen so far"
,Recommended,434030,24672646,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,A Nice Dude,Auto pilot simulator 2016
76561198074828189,Recommended,434030,24697993,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hexsex,How do I takeoff in a glider in this game???
76561198018370862,Recommended,434030,24665566,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Julianx4,"Awesome in VR. Runs smoother than FSX Steam Edition, DCS World or Warthunder.VR is only supported in beta and was a bit rocky at the beginning, but after the latest update it runs with smooth 90fps on a GTX970 in VR on Ultra."
76561198003321136,Recommended,434030,24519814,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,dave4848,"Great flight simulator, it looks amazing and I would highly recommend it. It seems to be getting better and better all the time too as more features are added!"
76561197976243257,Recommended,434030,25518442,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mwconcord,"Im a keen flyier and i honestly think this is much better than FSX,It isnt to difficult i can use my 360 controller,I find this a nice easy sim to use,not overly difficult like some.The only thing missing is AI traffic and UK scenery otherwise the future looks great if this is the standard."
76561198054397194,Recommended,434030,24472752,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Volmarr,"Really great flight simulator, even at this early stage of it's development. More user friendly by far than the others out there and unlike the others it is a modern program designed for modern computers from the ground up. Still needs some more of the detailed features that many flight sims have, but I am hopeful they will get all that added in. What is there so far is very usable, and seems extremely stable and works good. Didn't experience any bugs at all so far.  No fuss, fun to fly right away type program. User friendly enough even for beginners, yet fun enough for the more experienced as well.I am running this at the highest visual settings and it is smooth with excellant frame rates, but then I do have a powerful computer. But of any flight sim I have used, this is the smoothest running with best frame rates that I have seen.One important thing this flight sim is missing so far, is a good crash effect. Developers please add in a good crash effect, that destroys your plane based on how hard and fast you crash, and where you crash. For example water splash if a water crash, and a less hard water crashed plane will float for a bit. Explosion for crashes with lots of fuel that break the wings. Plane breaking apart for harder crashes. Windshields breaking. Propeller bent and broken for more minor crashes. Smoking engine for some minor crashes, etc. Basically it should have realistic crash effects, as this greatly adds to the fun of the program. Many people enjoy crashing planes in flight sim programs. Also some sort of stats showing after the crash to give some feedback as to the crash force and what damage to the plane occurred would be excellent. Also it should be that if you land the plane too hard that you can damage or break the landing gear and have some minor plane damage. Landing on grass or dirt should effect the landing too. All this would make things more realistic and more fun. Thanks!Comes with a number of airplanes, but I still think it could have more. Developers, please add in the Embraer Phenom 100, and Piper PA-38 Tomahawk II. Thanks! Good work so far and keep at it!It also needs some sea-planes.There also needs to be added control of the various outside plane lights, for more realistic flight operations.For the big commerical jets, please add flight services vechicles, and passenger sounds when passengers are on board.Also scenerios should be added, such as transport passengers on a certain route, transport cargo, etc.Please add more 3-D objects to the scenery. Just flat texture scenery isn't good enough, so keep working on the scenery please.This flight sim really is a winner with great potential to be the best flight sim in time. With further development will only get even better."
76561198001312368,Recommended,434030,25997052,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,9./JG26_Rich,"I bought this game purely for VR and I have not been disappointed.  Its a very nice game for flying VFR in daylight when its not raining (there is currently no option for rain). The graphics and lighting in VR are a slight improvement over DCS, mainly an improvement in scenery as cockpits are as not as good looking, although some lighting, reflections and shadows are better. There is a large area of detailed scenery. Its easy to set up and play and everything runs smoothly and rock solid in VR.Physics, easy to fly and gives a decent sensation of flight. Not as good as the other flight sims, it feels good enough generally but when I stalled the cessna it didnt drop a wing, or pulling a sharp turn you can pull the stick back all the way through the whole turn which seems unrealistic. Landing is satisfying enough though. I didnt buy it expecting modelling of engine management systems, but if I had they are pretty weak, complicated systems like radiators and complex engine starts arent modelled, the prop pitch settings and trim settings dont convince me.Its a good game though, for the price of one DCS module you get 16 different planes and some truly amazing scenery. Hopefully there is more to come from the developers, one thing that would be nice would be a random weather setter option and some rain and thunder. For now its a very beautiful and enjoyable flight experience."
76561197982842816,Recommended,434030,29264900,Posted: 14 January,all,maxpower2k,"Awesome!!! Stable, no crashes, ease of use, etc. Even the clouds are top notch with no add-ons. Fun to just get up and fly, or use flight planning, etc. Very cool with Oculus Rift - you are literally inside the plane. Very impressed! A differant type of sim compared to the rest."
76561197968426403,Recommended,434030,25992638,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DirtyBoy,"Beautiful graphic , if you like to flying around with fantastic scenery with simple navigation and instrument panel ,this is the right game."
,Recommended,434030,26230103,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Eng.Hasib,This truly is an excellent simulator. The graphics are fantastic and the maps are great for the time being. The only issue I have experienced is the frame rate which is a little unstable and I can see that I am not the only one with this problem (note: that the game still runs smooth regardless of the drop in frame rate sometimes). Sound also seems to stutter in certain views and camera angles.I hope the developers will add major airports around the world and additional aircraft from different airlines.You need to give this game a try to be able to appreciate the unique experience that it has to offer.This simulator has a lot of potential and I am simply blown away by the early access. I look forward to the development of this simulator and enjoy playing in the meantime.
76561198059300419,Recommended,434030,28658238,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,greatseth,"Wow! A really nice and right direction. Way to go guys!A lot of work has to be done from eliminating glitches to developing the sim.I'm as a huge fun of FSX have to admit, the way FSX goes is a dead end. Aerofly 2 + simulation of FSX = absolute winner."
76561198100775439,Recommended,434030,25712656,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BehindU,"(I am a real world pilot)Well, I bought this game to support good guys programming something new and nice.+nice graphics-keys are not identical with FSX, so you have to learn new. Developers: why do not you include ""FSX"" scheme ?-level of functionality of different gauges and switches is far not the same as in FSX-no traffic. you have a feeling you are the last survivor on the earthAll-in-all I see a good plattform being developed and hope that in 1-2 years it will be nice to play product."
76561198036253252,Recommended,434030,29472316,Posted: 24 January,all,justBEtank,"I like that game its very realistic I love flying planes and I love the graphics, but they need to make the whole world explorable not just half of the united states- I recommend this game"
,Recommended,434030,27211529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NinjaDinoGaming,Very nice graphics and good gameplay.
,Recommended,434030,31668954,Posted: 10 May,all,NobleSpoon,"Until XPlane 11 adds native VR support that performs at a solid frame rate, this will be my ""go-to"" flight sim. I just hope they expand the HD scenery DLC to include the rest of the east coast (or at least mid-Atlantic region). I'm looking forward to seeing what third-party DLC is made available in the near future now that they've released their SDK."
76561198142548973,Recommended,434030,25738349,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rollerball1,"In my humble opinion this could  move to the number one spot for serious flight simulator fans, if they can continue to develope it to cover more of the world and get it up to FSX  functionality with AI traffic etc it's a no brainer,  the scenery is simply breathtaking even the clouds are convincing, rivers look like they should the coast line is just magic and with frame rates through the roof no stutters and none of those annoying out of memory error  crashes when landing at realistic airports, the ones in FS2 so far are really realistic and landing there is just so rewarding with taxing to the terminal just as real as it gets, once they get AI etc in this sim all the others will fall by the wayside, I just hope they can make the sim accept the porting of current upmarket   aircraft  I for one would go whole hog for this sim.Just one moan regarding downloads ie updates, the download speed from the server is very slow I do not have super fast broadband but have a decent download speeds normally however trying to get the Swizerland update yesterday and additional HD textures came up with a total download time of 2days 17hrs a bit of a knockback, it took over 16 hrs to download the game itself."
76561198245249708,Recommended,434030,29465279,Posted: 24 January,all,●¡FancySamurai¡●,"Nice graphics,physics and airplanes but please make world airport because it is only america"
76561197970357573,Recommended,434030,29480930,Posted: 25 January,all,(Disconnect by user.),"Good Sim, but i really miss the DR400 Robin. Hope it will come back very soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,434030,30499615,Posted: 13 March,all,Z32ands30,"Had it a few weeks now, also own fsx. Its a beautiful game, airports are well populated with planes, cities look great. Only complaint is it's early access so things are missing like landing gear sounds on most. It makes me avoid fsx because of the beauty in the map and planes. It does handle a bit to arcade especially with the big planes. Playing it on a alienware alpha i3 with 8gb of video ram, has a little bit of clipping when panning with it set to high. I'm amazed it plays that well with how good it looks on my dinky little console. Also I'm playing in 1080p*. Easy to recommend this if you're into flying games, it runs great on a low end pc, looks fantastic and the developers are active on here to hear ideas/complaints."
,Recommended,434030,24094010,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jonesey,Absolutely love this flight simulator so far - amazing. Really looking forward to updates as the development progresses
76561198289536303,Recommended,434030,24109522,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dpsyho57,Aerofly2 is the first simulator since Microsoft flight simulator 3.0 that looks/feels  like you're actually flying. One of my wishes would be to have control of seat positioning though like FSX I like to see the hood of my plane because it looks more like in real life. I can't wait to see whole world implementation like FSX but I understand it's not as simple as wishing something and getting it the next day
76561197971155353,Recommended,434030,29411244,Posted: 21 January,all,nicholasspeece,"It's great to see a company making a virtual reality flight simulator.  Still a long way to go in regards to airports and features for navigation, but they are off to a wonderful start!  I can't wait to see what else they end up bringing online!"
,Recommended,434030,30908646,Posted: 2 April,all,Moody,"This game is GREAT! It has all the capabilities of a great flight sim, although being a bit limited.  The scenery is wonderfully textured, the graphics are uncanny, and the overall experience is great.  With VR, same story.  Best looking flight sim ever, only behind X-Plane 11, which I also have.  Aerofly's support of VR is the monumental difference I have with it to others.  BUY THIS GAME! :)"
76561197996398344,Recommended,434030,30910082,Posted: 2 April,all,FreeFloatingHostility,Tons of potential but REALLY needs multiplayer.
,Recommended,434030,25682345,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,IrishHobbit,Very fun.
76561198103275264,Recommended,434030,32621902,Posted: 21 June,all,emanuel.sescu,A realistic experience with oculus headset. Great game!
,Recommended,434030,32979889,Posted: 29 June,all,Grimm™,"Very good looking sim. I dont have VR which is apparently very good for this game however still great without it. I have just purchased the two DLC's in the Steam sale and they add a lot more areas to fly around. I just wish I had more time to fly.Hoping OrbX release some areas soon too, particually in Europe."
,Recommended,434030,34544192,Posted: 27 August,all,ja450x,Miegs is where we started many years ago from microsoft i had to buy it!
,Recommended,434030,24755584,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,smoothpp,This sim is a showpiece for VR.  It runs brilliantly on my 980ti.And it's excellent in nonVR as well.They mean it when they say they want to involve the player community.  User/developer interaction is excellent.
76561198019225589,Recommended,434030,25445805,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,levijackson,I've been flying simulators for many years mostly Microsoft and I've got to say these developers have done a fantastic job in bringing us simmers into the 21st centry. Right now I fly in VR using the Oculus Rift CVT and I can't seem to go back to FSX. This is as rael as it gets ... keep up the good work guys.
,Recommended,434030,23385368,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,monsterfurby,"Short version: If you take an interest in flying but don't have the time and patience to devote to FSX and its highly complex cousins, Aerofly FS 2 is a good choice.Yes, hardcore simmers will miss a lot of systems and features. They'll raise an eyebrow at the possibility to have a HUD that displays flight info, and the straightforward, fairly simple interface for creating a flight plan. Yes, this is not a sim for people who love to spend 6 hours of time planning and executing a 2 hour flight. It's a sim for people who want realistic flight physics, systems that do not require a real-world pilot's license to operate, and who want to focus on experiencing flight on a working person's schedule.The main downside of this sim is that it is currently limited to the southwestern US (Arizona, Nevada, California, basically), and players from other parts of the world won't find familiar cities and airports just yet. The rest of the world is included theoretically, but doesn't have any airports. These will however likely be released later and hopefully be part of the core game, not DLC.Visuals are excellent, although this is negated somewhat by the empty world. There are as of right now no other planes in the air, and only static ones on the ground. Weather simulation is also a bit barebones, as is the UI (which was ported from mobile but will be changed later, according to the developer). However, one thing I have to stress is that the game's performance is absolutely top-notch. It runs far better than bug-ridden FSX and badly optimized X-Plane. If performance is a concern to you, do not worry.All in all, I recommend buying Aerofly FS 2 to anyone who is looking for a mid-core flight sim. There simply are no others out there. If you're after something more complex, you probably already know which sim to use anyway (it starts with a P and you're not supposed to use it :) )"
76561198074348214,Recommended,434030,29584845,Posted: 30 January,all,ralph,"Plane not following flight path.I really like this flight sim..... BUT.....I always like flying with auto pilot. This sim has a co-pilot setting which I use, I set my flight from one airport to another, take off, press co-pilot button and leave him to take me to my destination airport. Unfortunately every time I fly I find the plane will not follow the green guide flight path. Its always near, either to the left or right but not  spot on. The green guide is spot on but the plane seems to be at an angle to the flight path. Hence on reaching the destination airport it lands at an angle to the runway, every time. No matter how I try to correct the angle it never works.  Can anyone tell me how to correct this or tell me why its happening?  Apart from this annomily the sim looks great and works perfectly on my machine.R Baxter"
76561198059220148,Recommended,434030,24835892,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,dragon_12dk,"Great to see something new in slight simulation, most of us are stuck in 2006 with Microsoft Flight XThere isnt a lot to Aerofly yet though that i can tell, I beleive it needs quite a bit more work with terrain visuals. I flew to NYC today to find nothing but a bunch of differently shaded green pixels making up manhattan. P3d and FSX do a great job with their world generation and terrain graphics. although I had to spend a ton of money on mods to get P3D up to 2016 graphics standards.Aerofly does however offer great detail on their airplanes, the sky enviornment, and the lighting. Multiplayer support (co-pilot and captain, or multiple aircrafts in the world) however is what this simulator really needs to bring itself apart from the other sims."
76561197968099136,Recommended,434030,24818622,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mucker_2202,"I'm not into flight sims. Last one I enjoyed was Falcon (the first one) on the Atari ST. I remember looking at screenshots in the the magazines of the day and wishing I could afford the hardware to run it, a year later after scrimping and saving I had it and I loved it. But since then I've not bothered with them, better games have always took priority.Then I got a Vive. Wow what a fantastic piece of kit. VR is awesome. The right experiences are mind blowing.I happened upon a youtube video of someone playing Aero Fly 2 (not even VR) and I thought it looked impressive so when I found out it has Vive support I was in.Yes, it might seem expensive for a Vive game but if you have a Vive and any interest in sims then you cannot get better than this.The most immersive experience I have had in VR. And all the better with HOTAS (my X52 worked without any set-up).Can't wait for more DLC. Swiss Alps, Grand Canyon and San Francisco are high points.Get it."
76561198321852480,Recommended,434030,25657165,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,lisade1972,I loved this game is allowd me to fly meny diffrent airplanes like the A320 and 737-500 I think this game is better than x plane and FSX I relly do love this game
76561197987107990,Recommended,434030,28675958,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,R00iValk,"Downloaded the High Resolution Texture Pack - it's awesome! (even on a flat screen)All the planes are well done and feels realistic (for a sim). My favourite is buzzing buildings in a F18. The Grand Canyon is also fun to fly - Star Wars X-Fighter style.Love the ""Label"" function to show the names of the towns and suburbs.Keyboard flying not so nice - but I use a Mad Catz FLY5 flight stick with modified spring - so no problems here.Looking forward to more areas and more planes. Think this will also be a nice multi-player platform.Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198255786517,Recommended,434030,29944803,Posted: 15 February,all,SpookySpirits,"Real world pilot review - this ""feels"" more like flying than anything else available for the Vive."
76561198077080426,Recommended,434030,23929822,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,alexsst1,AREOFLY FS 2 IS AMAZING!!! ALMOST THE PERFECT FLIGHT SIM!   LOOK OUT XPLANE 10! EVEN  WITH  UPDATES XPLANE 10 IS A DECADE BEHIND WITH THERE ULGLY AUTOGEN! BUT PLEASE GIVE US WASHINGTON STATE NEXT FOR AEROFLY FS2
,Recommended,434030,29587482,Posted: 30 January,all,Arin171,"Great game, love the graphics, the flying, and mostly everything about it. I love the selection of aircraft and especially WWll planes. Hope this game will get maybe an A380 and other different planes in it."
,Recommended,434030,24831734,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Count Wulfric,"Great Sim, keep going, true succesor to X-Plane 10 when You will add support for mods, photosceneries and more photoscenery DLCs. We need also more advanced cockpits, and better (ZL 16 at least) photosceneries and some X-PLane 10 features and we are ready to go. For now its great start."
76561198110565757,Recommended,434030,27209304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,«✪»Cobalt«✪»,"I really like the gam, cuz you have many differnet planes and airports.But for the future I hope for a Map of germany with all of the airports.It works fine with my joystick from speedlink and the graphics are ways better than fsxSo ofc just buy it"
76561198015781024,Recommended,434030,30095070,Posted: 22 February,all,MrUSA,"As I read the description ""virtual flight experiences"" best describes this product.I'm a pilot and have been flying for 40 years. I still have MS Flgiht Sim on 5 inch floppy and have owned every flight sim from the beginning of home based computers. This product is so far the best 'visual representation' of flight for a home PC system I've seen to date.NOTE: DCS A-10 is also fantastic for the aircraft in VR but has no where near the same real world environment appearance.However, I would not buy this if I didn't have a VR headset (with an apropriate computer) and good programable flight stick or yoke.If you only have flat screen monitor, even with Tracker IR, FSX is still a better product for flight 'simulation'. Yes, this can be used on a flat screen but the real inovation here is the VR visual effect of flight.I have to many addons to count for FSX. After using this I'll likely never turn it on again."
,Recommended,434030,33906852,Posted: 30 July,all,Armitage,"I really like Aerofly FS 2 (and its predecessor Aerofly FS 1) for one often overlooked fact: It is the perfect entry-level flight simulator. My 11 year old godchild is a flight enthusiast, and after one short weekend of flight lessons is now perfectly able to build a flight plan, fly a Boeing 747 up to his destination airport and land it… in the grass next to the runway, but at least without breaking the whole plane.This game captures the pure joy of flying without bothering too much with technical details - but still allows for managing rather special sub-systems of your plane if you want to. Your up in the air in no time without having to bother with the right weight distribution, flicking the right switches to start your APU, de-frosting your windscreen or other technicalities - but it feels very much like proper flying. Landing a Cessna 172 in crosswinds in the darkness on a small mountain airfield in Aerofly FS 2 is as exhilarating as it is in real life.So maybe this simulator is missing some features found on other flight simulators - but actually this allows for people like my 11 year old godchild (or me) to just have some fun with planes, while still experiencing a excellent flight model, brilliant graphics and matching sound on a modest PC."
76561198009465429,Recommended,434030,23552046,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,aim_legend,"I can't play this games, after lauched the game it shows me ""Loading scenery"" then it's quit. Please help me."
76561198162980251,Not Recommended,434030,26223778,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,dblue_one,"Love simulators, love planes had to give it a try to this one, i have FSX, P3D, X-Plane, DCS-World, you name it... so Aerofly was on my list and became a mandatory purchase after i got the Vive.The goal was to play in VR, and first thing i had to feel immediately was good performance or at least acceptable, but unfortunately i didn't, the only way the game was playable was in low settings(i7 4790k - 980ti), and in those settings its like playing in a flat poor world (or part of it - USA to be more correct) and like that the game doenst worth the price tag asked.Unfortunately i had to issue a refund, i hope Aerofly continues to improve, there is a lot to grow until it can be a complete simulator like the competition, in the current state and from my experience i have to give a negative review."
76561198085700788,Recommended,434030,25899709,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shadowknight908,"This game is FRIKEN PERFECT!! well not ""perfect"" but this is a very good game and i dont care if there arent propper features and prosedures who cares! this game is simple and it has support for controllers keybords and joysticks alike 100/10 i love this game and would play it for the rest of my life if i didnt have to sleep"
76561198005578569,Recommended,434030,24938045,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,slavenbu,"I've been playing Aerofly FS2 with an Oculus Rift this whole weekend. I have never enjoyed a flight simulator quite like this. VR makes the experience incredible. Sitting in a P-38 with the canopy tight around you and all instruments in front of you is an amazing experience. I really feel I have come closest to flying a P-38 that I ever could. Amazing plane. The realism of the scenery is incredible - San Francisco looks amazing, with many buildings modeled after real life - even Alcatraz details are all there.Flying in VR has made me enthusiastic doing FlightSims again. There's a lot to learn. Navigation. Autopilot of the airbus. And the realism operating all the cockpit knobs with the mouse in VR is just incredible. I like the way the mouse behaves in 3D and then subtly fades out once you aren't poking at things anymore.I hope the community will get involved to add more scenery/buildings. San Jose downtown, anyone ? Approach to SJC needs the downtown buildings!Developers, great job, especially the VR part. Incredible. The 747 cockpit gave me the best Oculus experience ever ! If you are looking for any input, here's my prioritized wishlist:- the clouds move weird when you move your head in VR, destroying the illusion- more dynamics in the world, activities in airports- ATC- more scenery/buildings- higher res/more up-to-date scenery (my house is 2 years new, but it shows as an empty plot of land in Hayward, CA)"
76561198003141779,Recommended,434030,25066194,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Spawn of the Dead,"Congratulations, you guys created a great VR simulator!"
76561198133079576,Recommended,434030,26323033,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,PomPomCookie,"I like the game, BUT ENSURE THAT YOU WILL HAVE A JOYSTICK TO USE WITHIN 14 DAYS AS OTHERWISE IT IS REALLY HARD TO CONTROL AND IF ITIS OVER 14 DAYS YOU CAN'T GET A REFUND!"
76561198205283680,Recommended,434030,24099325,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Abdulmalik dawood,thanks
76561198281491271,Recommended,434030,29779624,Posted: 8 February,all,artofgamingwarfare,"I wish I could actually use the vive controllers instead of the Xbox controller. Also I would like to actually be able to press buttons and mess with stuff. Slight disconnect from immersion, but overall fun. One other request, please add weapons to the fighter jets."
76561198012898845,Not Recommended,434030,28250487,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,haerts,"This is no flightsim program,When you have the intention to start flightsimming with flying the plane as real as it gets, this is certainly not for you, in the first place you need a full working plane model with near as it gets physics, lets say a Piper Cub not a super cub but a basic model 3, there is not a lot of electrics, electronics or mechanics in thi!s plane, but when you mastered it you can certainly move to more complex models without to big problems in the virtual world. In Aerofly fs1 you could not, and now in fs2 you cannot also, there are no full working planes in the sim, yes you can go up in the sky turn around, crash, even you can open a box system to follow (they say it helps you to learn to fly properly) try it it will sent you right into a hill or the ground, yes on youtube you can watch a lot of nice made clips. I am 65 now, all my life I was interested in flying but to expensive to do in the real world, so when the pc's improved and there came out flightsim programs, I started to learn flying in the virtual world, purchased and studied  a lot of books about flying and finaly mastered the P3 and a lot of other planes. For me this is flight simming the effort to learn the theory and time to practice are the same as in the real world, when you like to fly a 737 as real as it gets manual and on auto pilot you will need many years of learning. So for me aerofly fs2 is a real game not a sim, and I will not wait for the final version I go on with the sims I have on my PC. If you read this and declare me mad it's ok. In the flight simming world there are a lot of real pilots who are using the sims to practice, ask them they will tell you the same thing as I do, and yes there are lot of simmers declaring they can ""fly"" a jumbo but cannot land an Piper Cub.Happy Fliyng and most important outstanding landings."
,Recommended,434030,24014407,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,D@RNET RED@RNED,"Please working A340 and A380, Boeing 767 and 777"
76561198368640416,Recommended,434030,30183195,Posted: 25 February,all,flightenthusiast05,"Great game! I recommend to get it. I like the graphics, it's very good, and buy it! One thing though. The plane is bugging and glitching things. I need help. Can somebody with experience in the game tell me why this is happening?"
,Recommended,434030,26441600,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Liquid-Cooooo,"This will eventually take the place of FSX in my library... It is an amazing work of simulation, the graphics and performance run great on my mediocre machine.Incredible native support for Saitek Pro Flight Cessna setup!Unfortunately, without multiplayer or missions, it lacks in the gameplay department. I will be refunding for now, but will definitely buy again when missions and multiplayer are added."
76561197985050479,Recommended,434030,23197152,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Urukay,"First Touch ReviewBright side: Lots of functionality and content for Early Access. Sofar it's stable, controlls support, TIR support all smooth. Perfect aircraft and cocpits models, instruments. Ground photo textures, Airports. Looks very promising.Dark side: There is no dev plan yet except for developer promises for adding futures depending on community response. But community support itself looks cheap. Forums without categories etc.So I reccommend this to people who sees the potential and wants to support the game. For the rest I reccommend to wait for further progress."
76561198347672517,Recommended,434030,33441491,Posted: 10 July,all,nabil_nabito93,best game ever played so far!
76561198013948981,Not Recommended,434030,34120132,Posted: 9 August,all,david_wi,"Hi GuysI sadly must say that this sim was removed from my computer.The assigned buttons or switches are in many cases not moving nothing in the plane.The free plane dash 8-400 can't be controlled via joystick and trimming inside the cockpit it impossible.Bye, David"
,Recommended,434030,33992816,Posted: 3 August,all,EvaJoer,"Very neat sim. Runs very smooth on max settings with my medium spec PC (6700k, 750ti), the planes look pretty nice and flight dynamics seem quite good. I don't see this as a very accurate sim but more as one where you can just step in a plane and fly around  for a bit and have fun with it. The cockpits are accurately modelled but not all buttons have functions. This is one of those sims that just looks really good and is easy to fly in. If you want to do accurate flying howver, don't go for this one. In that case I would recommand something like FSW or P3D. However, if you have VR, Aerofly FS2 is one to give a shot becasue the frame rate is very smooth and with VR it's just like you're flying for real. Also comes with a lot of aircraft and very good looking airports. The overal scenery is meh.. The developers did an amazing job putting in photoreal scenery, that makes flying by landmarks possible. But a lot of the area's are just textures and some trees here and there.I would recommand Aerofly FS2 if:- You are new in flight sims and want to learn the basics of flying- You want a smooth out-of-the-box VR experience- You want to fly VFR by landmarksI don't recommand Aerofly FS2 if:- You are looking for accurate aircraft with completely functioning cockpits- You want to do IFR flights- You want to do international flights"
,Recommended,434030,35271753,Posted: 28 September,all,rairic,GET THE GAME RIGHT NOW!!!it's good bro.
,Not Recommended,434030,23085689,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Michael2015,this is not a simulator ! dont waste your  time with it  may look  pretty  its not  any good the controls are lacking  too much  you cannot turn off your engines  If you want to  do a simulator   buy  P3D or  FSX
76561198086267916,Recommended,434030,23136026,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,edkomarov,"Good day to everybody , dear Aerofly support can you add on you next update couple options such a 1) reset button for controllers such a joystick and keyboard , 2) If this possible add start engine on aircraft please 3) Weather condition such a rain or any snow and more. Well this game work fine for me on my PC no FPS problem and no freeze problem running good. Thank you Aerofly Support for you hard work."
76561198104761094,Recommended,434030,30438394,Posted: 10 March,all,naraku pan losc,goo sim wode like  pisfice noth westmap wa org
76561198014818365,Not Recommended,434030,24716769,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Layseyla,"Game did not run well in VR at all, using a 980 TI, even on low settings looking around can cause a FPS issue.  Price tag is high and graphics are low.  For a recent flight sim, this game has a long way to go."
76561198304932497,Not Recommended,434030,28259078,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,len.daigle,I liked the game but it stopped working on me several times so I deleted it  three time s and installed it three times but it was no better.  I  would recommend this game if it would work all right
,Recommended,434030,23199983,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,mat,"pretty game, runs great, everyone is too critical.Although, the main menu and UI needs a workover.Otherwise, excellent for early access."
76561198170364542,Not Recommended,434030,34723336,Posted: 3 September,all,mcole1007,"This is a really neat game with great graphics and good aircraft selection.  It provides real life experiences on flying, taking off and landing.  However there needs to be more options than 20 percent of US.  There needs to be an option to purchase entire US maps and airports.  Also another good feature would be to add other planes in the sky to where you would have to watch out for while flying, taking off or landing.There needs to be much needed updates to improve this simulation.I recommend to wait on buying when updates are here or game price is heavily discounted."
,Not Recommended,434030,25303082,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jeevanand,"For someone who never played Flight-Sims before it is very frustrating to begin. The flight school should train you by saying _how_ to do it. But instead it says put Aileron to left but what key does that?? The keyboard default mappings are missing so even basic flight controls are not available before you assign. Doing so results in a hell of different functions bound to the same keys, if you don't change them all!If you're not a pilot and beginner in Flight simulation, stay away from this it will make you feel very dumb and you want to throw it away after few seconds. I read that aerofly should be easy to learn but it is not."
76561198062169015,Not Recommended,434030,24611128,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,I.Pilskin,"I was tricked in to this GAME by all the good reviews here, and on YouTube.Th game has good vfr and its really simple to get the plane off the ground and in to the air. It also feel a lot like the other sim  (fsx/xplane) but there Are no stress damage og random  faults you can put in. Its like nothing can go wrong.I realise this is EA but these things should be there from the start to call it a sim.I hope this is something they want to implementert or i would like a refund. Because its much better games out there. But not many sim's"
76561198185128499,Recommended,434030,31579156,Posted: 6 May,all,phee8756,Aerofly fs2 for beginner sim that who would like to learn to fly compare to FSX or Xplane 11 both should be more skill to fly but hey I need to buy joystick anyway it may better than my gamepad
76561198027216617,Recommended,434030,33850562,Posted: 28 July,all,Viper78,"If you plan on buying this you have to remember that Aerofly fs2 is still in early access and is being actively developed  and getting regular updates. For example this week it got a mayor update to the autopilot system and a free new aircraft the Dash 8 Q400. So at the moment it may not have your favourite feature implemented yet. Currently there is no ATC but this is being worked on right now. Navaids (VOR/NDB/ILS/FIX) are allready in the sim.That said, this is already a very good and fun flight simulator. For people new to flight simulation it is so easy to get started. No hours of tweaking your pc to making it work. Just start the sim and get into a plane within a minute and have fun. For the more experienced flight simmers just remember it's not finished yet. Take the A320 with the new autopilot system for a flight and see for yourself how good this simulator already is. And flight physics are as good as any other sim out there, mind you there is no damage/overstress modeling yet.The game engine is 64 bit custom build and the preformance is extremely good with very nice photo realistic scenery. For VR  the framerate is at an constant 90fps with suppersampling set at 4 in steamVR. (I5 -3570K 4,6 Ghz / gtx 1080)The visuals and high frame rates make it is so much fun to do VFR flights in the Swiss mountains area that for me it's hard to go back to the old simulators."
76561198160157903,Recommended,434030,34056442,Posted: 6 August,all,mgreenaway42,The Sim is coming along at a reasonable rate with the updates Still aways togo yet But will get there
76561198410250685,Recommended,434030,34152893,Posted: 10 August,all,hdnightrainfe,awewesome game!!! if only i could adjust the landing lights or taxi light it would be amazing...and also view small map of the airport while im taxiing around
76561198159839315,Recommended,434030,34386702,Posted: 20 August,all,zl2bmh,"Stunning scenery, all the challengers you could hope for, beautiful aircraft,with more than enough to keep you happy.  Flight plan which is easy to set, followed with a moveablemap which compliments the flight Plan.The Flight Sim is a must for anyone who really wants the best of everything and are serious fliers but easy enoughfor learners to get their teeth into depending on the path you take.I must comment again on the scenery, one word...Wow."
76561197962398608,Recommended,434030,35435269,Posted: 2 October,all,Vdek,"This is the best VR Flight sim bar none.First time I played the game in VR on my Vive, my jaws literally dropped.  The experience is so incredible and lifelike.  You feel like you're actually inside the cockpit and can feel the depth and height of the mountains and terrain around you.  The Cessna172 in the game is excellent.  It's still missing some options that higher end sims have, but the experience in VR is so amazing that it's not a big deal.  I personally have a flight yoke + rudders + throttle setup, and the feel is just amazing.  I went on my first flight lesson after playing aerofly, and then went an recreated the flight and it felt so real.Highly recommend the game and looking forward to the updates to increase the quality of simulation.  Really looking forward for some missions as well, and hopefully some water and more dynamic effects(planes in the skies, cars, etc)"
76561198112981059,Recommended,434030,34315069,Posted: 17 August,all,choglit,Looks good but the control setup for my controller is a nightmare......more to follow when i work this game out.........ok im back !! so i have microsoft flight sim which does have alot more airports and planes but this looks soo much better and runs really nice and comes with some free DLC which is great.If your in to this type of game then check it out because its a really good flight sim game.
76561198328524853,Not Recommended,434030,28818811,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Capt.SumTingWong,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY it is a mobile port!!!!! the game looks great but that is it, the phyisc are a joke, there is not controls on the plane, it makes FSX which is 10 years old seem amazing. buy xplane or fsx instead2/10"
,Not Recommended,434030,31449871,Posted: 29 April,all,CubeyTerra,"The aircraft look fantastic. The flight simulation is great. The ground scenery looks like it's from the early '90s. In a modern flight sim, I'd expect better detail than a photo of the ground pasted on in low resolution. And in the wrong scale compared to the plane. There's not much to actually do in this flight sim. There are no challenges or routes to fly. It's all free flight over a badly-textured ground mesh.In VR mode (Oculus Rift), you can't use the touch controllers. You can't touch any of the beautifully-rendered switches, buttons, levers, knobs, or other controls, unlike at least one other VR flight sim. When you run through the training in VR mode, you can't see some of the indicators needed to complete the training.There are much, much better flight sims available for much, much less money. In my opinion, I paid far too much for very little."
,Not Recommended,434030,30673104,Posted: 22 March,all,bugatti921,bought the game doesn't work with vive controllers you can only deploy flaps and retracts. When you try to push in the throttle it doesn't even show you can. Please tell me if i'm doing something wrong thanks tried all air crafts.
,Recommended,434030,23238214,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,dj912,Fun but needs work on textures.
76561197996222252,Not Recommended,434030,23438578,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mik.von,"well am a bit disapointed, when i seen the San Francisco scenery i throught great, but after buying the game i can see that it is only the cisco area that is populated with that much detail the rest is mostly just flat photo scenery and trees with the odd building here and there and you need to be about 2000 ft to get the best from it, also the aerodinamics is a bit wild one minute your flying along the next the plane is bobbing all over the place i know its in early access and some of the aerodinamics may be sorted out and hope more area is covered  have not seen Vagas that looks as if it as buildings. So in the state it is at the moment it  needs a lot of work and with the plane aerodinamics like they are it is not enjoyable flying at the moment"
76561198084403244,Not Recommended,434030,34520513,Posted: 26 August,all,hellsky420,i would not recommend this game to you all. i mean i understand it is early access but i bought 60 bucks for only to fly western us not all in us. you must buy to get more areas. x plane 11 has everything including world for just 60 bucks.
76561198046474689,Recommended,434030,32261563,Posted: 7 June,all,junaibi44,***** nice
,Recommended,434030,26108683,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Scooter,"It's a nice experience and I love the feeling of flying a plane in VR, but  it's going to need more content and details before I would say it's worth the money. I did not encounter any bugs, and the flying experience was great, but there's really no objective, so you're basically just flying around.It's a solid fundation and I believe it will be worth the investment, so I'm giving this thumbs up."
76561198011699337,Recommended,434030,35428527,Posted: 2 October,all,Jim,"For Rift users the cockpit instrumentation labels are pretty hard to see unless you are right up on them even with graphics maxed out on a very very good machine. But that's the way it is for all Oculus games, small text is very hard to read because the ""screen door"" effect distorts text the further away it is. I dont know if there is a setting yet that will pop up labels on center view. I guess I'll have to look.High texture scenery looks great. I'm sure game will get better once ATC is added. Flight dynamics are great. Cockpits are b e a utiful compared with FSX. Will probably be a lot of microtransactions ahead so be sure you are satisfied with the options you see if you don't want to spend more.A good idea is to increase your cockpit size in the VR settings. This will move things to where it is a bit more realistic and visible in the cockpit. Play around with it. The training missions in VR do not have the pips it asks you to see on instruments.The scenery on the US west coast looks great with the trees. Small lakes and ponds are just photo textures but still better than FSX in every way.A little difficult to use the mouse in VR. Doesn't always line up with all cockpit controls in all planes.No helicopters in there :(The F18 was pretty fun to fly. Not really a reality based system. Hate starting on a runway without startup procedures, that's half the fun for me, landing 1/4, flying 1/4, take off.. pfft.I will keep updating this review as I discover more."
76561198040359862,Not Recommended,434030,24821400,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sharpster,Well...if your an air sim person then you will really appreciate the following. You have already noticed a striking resemblance to aircraft in FSX. Primarily because they are pretty much identical. You'll notice scenery that looks like X-Plane because it is identical. Might not actually be the same but I would wager a fine dollar you are not looking at new software. The 3D is very nice. If you have DCS then you already know what a flight sim can be and where technology is today. This sim is NOT equal to FSX or DCS. Some of the 3D presentation is VERY nice......make no mistake. If this were to be a 5 year project we are at month number one. It is NOT a worldwide presentation. Its regional in the USA.... and Switzerland if you want it. By far most of the terrain is painted flat...the best way to describe it. Downtown San Francisco and the island of Alcatraz are both nice. Water is flat looking and does not move...huge disappointment there. Sounds are OK.  The game controls are very limited and simple. We have already seen this sim in other releases. I'll be requesting a refund.
,Not Recommended,434030,30476616,Posted: 12 March,all,COMЯADE DMITЯI,Not enough content for a $50 price.
,Not Recommended,434030,33015189,Posted: 29 June,all,m0thman,"Keep getting the main executable has stopped working"".  Tried everything and I've got reasonable hardware with up to date drivers.  Tried everything in all the forums I visited.At the end of the day you can't send out buggy software like this, I know, because I'm a developer.  End users shouldn't have to spend hours trawling forums for a fix and it looks like quite a few are already doing that.Back to the drawing board with this one - and the price you're asking for this in the first place?!!  I'll go back to FSX now."
76561197978090940,Not Recommended,434030,23141118,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Medina_ESP,"I bought Aerofly FS 1 and I really enjoyed it. But this new version feels more like a dumbed down version of the previous one. The GUI is worse way worse and it feels more like if it was intended for tablets, Configuring the options forces you to leave the sim and then loading time takes like 6-7 seconds.You should wait a bit longer until the developers manage to improve the GUI and polish the sim, if that ever happens.In general, the sim doesn't feel like a massive improvement but more like an addon."
76561198096205881,Not Recommended,434030,30860257,Posted: 31 March,all,cd-rohling,+at first nice graphic- still early access and no regular updates- missing cold and dark options- no helicopters- no other trafficwish it would be like fsx just better graphics
76561198062752981,Not Recommended,434030,28139307,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,X-I.M.A. Target,"While the graphics are outstanding and you start with a good seclection of aircraft , there is nothing to do... By that I mean it's just jump in and fly, no career, no missions, no other aircraft, no Air Traffic Controllers, no radio chatter, nothing. Puttering around the sky with no purpose gets kinda old, real quick for the $50 price tag, I'm sorry but outstanding graphics is not enough."
76561198034902835,Recommended,434030,28982726,Posted: 3 January,all,Barrydoben,red down button = noobsblue up button = smart peopleThey only complain about this game because there is no atc like fsx and xplane 10 - 11The game is mainly made FOR FREE flight not a real life role play.Why do you want planes to even move. if you dont realise the game is still in early stages so there no point saying the game rubbish when stuff has not came out yet.
76561198017162253,Recommended,434030,23316594,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,snk1200,three better than fly shool
76561198409209206,Not Recommended,434030,34575111,Posted: 29 August,all,kherring1973,"Inside the cockpit, amazingly realistic in VR but outside the plane? Horrendous!I'm an Oculus Rift CV1 user and the hand controllers will only show as a HTC Vive so you cant even see the rift buttons.Good luck sifting through the controls to even get yourself on a runway for take off.This game has so much potential for Flight sim lovers, but as it stands at the moment? I refunded!!!"
76561198026050450,Not Recommended,434030,28159266,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,razzadazzas,"looks good graphicly but not a very good sim at all, uses photo imigery rather than 3d rendered graphics which lacks depth , aircraft do not respond well , no where near as good as microsoft flight sim x and thats many years old now , there no atc interaction ,only basic cockpit button interaction ect, wasted my £29 which i should of used for something like x plane 11 how do i get my money back ??"
76561198354662860,Recommended,434030,32243354,Posted: 7 June,all,add me for fwee candy,how do u get the plane to go sink rate pull up ect
76561198070566001,Not Recommended,434030,29293833,Posted: 16 January,all,mrevil,Just got it and already bored
76561198351345375,Not Recommended,434030,29912594,Posted: 13 February,all,albflight,Some of the switches and knobs work contrary with the way the real aircraft work also besides the mouse there is no other way to set MINIMUS.Imcopatible with many of the controllers out there
76561198304762863,Recommended,434030,23120076,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,frank.altman,"Nice simulator, just did a short flight from KLAS to KSFO. Very smooth handling with my CH Fighterstick, great landscape. I'm looking forward to see this simulator evolve through the EA."
,Not Recommended,434030,31638443,Posted: 8 May,all,Kim Jong Il,"Horrible, excellent graphics but you are so limited on where you can fly. Returned it and don't regret it one bit."
76561198373981485,Not Recommended,434030,30732557,Posted: 25 March,all,davidkeithbirch,This game is crap. runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ no refund because i spent time ♥♥♥♥ing about with it trying to get it to run.!
76561198131709004,Not Recommended,434030,29658932,Posted: 2 February,all,davo,"I  really wanted to try this game as an addition to MS  Flight Sim. X  but it took me over 20 hrs to download, I have  ( ADSL 2 fast download internet ). After personalising all the games settings, I tried to play thre game, but it kept coming up with the same could not start the game error. Tried all the fixes suggested by Aerofly support with nil. results. Ended up getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,434030,27702442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BulletToothTony,"Not worth $50, not even worth $14.99I have played flight simulators for my entire life, and was really looking forward to Aerofly FS2 as I did enjoy Aerofly FS for the gliding especially. This is a sham of a sim. It is a direct port of their mobile sim that sell for a whopping $3.99This game is OK at a price point of $3.99Returned for refund."
76561198017599734,Not Recommended,434030,23775957,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,viperwolf02,"Ok I really dont like writing reviews, but i have to with this game.  This game is not worth the money they want. Ill try to explain, and this is for the average guy. Im not a pilot, and im not a hard core sim guy either.I was trying to find a flying sim that was not to hard for someone that does not want to spend months learning to fly a boeing jet. This game is easy compared to most flight sims, but lacks content in so many ways.-You cant shut down your engines and do a cold start-There is no taxi to runway-You have very limited airports compared to other titles. US only-Most of the controls in the cockpit do not work ( this is a major flaw for me)-The tutorial is horriable, you have to learn how to fly from other titles. Unless you just want to fly a Cesna the entire time-There is no communication to tower at allSome good things about it-Good graphics-Good sound-Good scenery-easy to use after you learn the basics from other scourcesIf you er looking for the same as me, dont waste your money. Just get something else. I wish they had a simple mode for FSX or Microsoft."
76561197996747847,Not Recommended,434030,24213830,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DOGMAN <<AD>>,"Well $ 49.95 I was expecting more,... even in a beta....the Graphs are goods but limited map coverage, no ATC or Tower Comm, no cockpit control interface, not much interface at all,  At this stage wondering why we are paying almost full price for a Beta.  Now paying for a DLC and the game not evening finshed yet :("
76561198283450794,Not Recommended,434030,29730383,Posted: 5 February,all,MadMonty,"Honestly, FS2 is everything else than a good flight simulator. The two main reason of being disappointed, are1) bad graphics for scenery --- while the planes do look quite nice, the scenery is really bad. From far away everything look quite good, but while closing up the resolution is getting really worse. More buildings are missing, everything looks flat.2) flight realism --- flying sims for 3 decades and being a private pilot for more then two decades, the realsim of the planes could be much better. While the small planes (like C172) are behaving better, the bigger planes can be ""smashed"" down to the runway and it still counts as good landing, it´s too much forgiving! Also navigating through gates cannot be the approach of flying from A to B.I do regret bying this Sim - which I had done due to my Oculus Rift and the VR compatibility of FS2 - but even with a Rift I have stopped playing it after 2 hours because i really annoyed me."
76561197970522228,Recommended,434030,23096320,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,cabnz,"Very promising!Love the smoothness and it actually feels like you're flying (feels like DCS World 2)!The sim has no stutters and the scenery is good (but I would like to see it a bit sharper at low level). I'm excited about seeing this flight simulator develop and mature.I would love to see this work with VR  -  Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.Very happy with the purchase :)24/07/2016 - Quick update - Aerofly FS 2 now has VR support and wow, this has now made a great flight sim into an amazing flight sim!You can now fly GA aircraft, airliners and fighters in VR over beautiful scenery using this sim.I've spent thousands on FSX and P3Dv3 but I can honestly say that this sim beats them both holds down especially with the addition of VR support.Yes, it doesn't have the indepth systems yet but the feeling of flight in VR in incredible."
,Not Recommended,434030,34839194,Posted: 9 September,all,Coyotemation,"For those with Oculus Rift and Touch Controls: Don't expect this to work for you at all. It works fine on the HMD itself but the controls don't register in-game unless you use SteamVR mode (as opposed to the native OculusVR mode). And even then your ""hands"" are replaced with Vive controllers, where the button layout and general functionality is completely different, and it just overall makes for a stilted and annoying experience. Add onto this the controllers don't work realistically - there's no ""clench hand to drag throttle"", you can't grab onto the yoke - it's just very limited and not very fun.My recommendation is getting X-Plane 11 with the FlyInside plugin instead. Much better VR control, full hand-controls for Oculus VR (where your controllers actually look like hands, by the way)."
,Not Recommended,434030,34567250,Posted: 28 August,all,BagelX2,"- Oculus mode doesn't support Oculus Touch- SteamVR mode barely works, the VR controllers are used to supplement a HOTAS and don't seem to workVR is really for HMDs only.Bought as a VR flight sim, and basically unusable with VR controllers. Can't recommend in its current state."
76561198355326892,Recommended,434030,30323009,Posted: 4 March,all,RileyWidder13,"How do I actually get in the plane, I am always in a third person view of the plane."
76561198028355190,Not Recommended,434030,28966437,Posted: 2 January,all,fastmikefree,"Quiet disapointed at this time. Looks like the plane is totally disconencted from the outside world. Poor physics, sound not linked to throttle, etc...most areas are empty. Boring most of the time. Crashes are totally unrealistic.Hope that the game will improve with time. For now, looks like the phone version! At that price level, not recommended!"
76561197997518842,Recommended,434030,23096773,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ray,"This sim has potential, do not expect it to be like Fsx. The graphics can get a bit blurry at times but you can adjust scenery in settings.I have spent a good few more hours on this sim now.The scenery easily surpasses the standard of other sims and the detail in the aircraft likewise.The aircraft are of payware quality in my view, you pay more for the sim because the scenery is of such a high standard. All that data costs the developer a lot of moneyI hope aerofly fs2 is a sucess, it deserves support."
,Not Recommended,434030,26359037,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hyper player,is bad control in keyboard
,Not Recommended,434030,24669464,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FlaWaffle,not worth the money. nearly no airports to fly from
76561198323520663,Not Recommended,434030,28959386,Posted: 2 January,all,Spraydeck_Fire,"I just bought the game and after 8 minutes of gameplay I asked for a refund. If you are used to flight simulator you will not enjoy the game. the graphics are good, the physics are not."
,Not Recommended,434030,28521230,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,brandon10688,"Misleading for VRThe input says ""tracked motion controllers"" right under vive supported. This would give one the idea that you can use the vive motion controllers. All you can do is point a green laser to work the game menu. You need a mouse and keyboard to correctly play this game. The way my vive is set up, my lightboxes are in an area that is off to the side and away from my computer, so I couldn't even play this with the keyboard if I wanted to. I was looking forward to reaching around the cockpit with the controllers, push off and on different buttons, pushing and pulling the thrust, etc. This is just a computer game that you can see with the headset."
,Not Recommended,434030,29882203,Posted: 12 February,all,StarNerd666,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!BUY FSX OR XPLANE 10/11 INSTEADThe textures are a lie. If you notice, in the trailers, they dont show any off-airport textures when on the ground. This is because you can literally see the pixels when taxing to the runway. Also, theres only 3 commercial airliners and NO failure system. I get that lots of people just like to fly, but i like to simulate emergency landings with an engine fire. It's fun.NOTE: i am not a real pilot, i just want to mess arroundAnd, even if you do crash somehow, the plane stays together. Instead of at least moving like it should, it literally takes advice from the kraken and flips about everywhere until you re-spawn in the air.Also, you cant even choose a new location in the location tab unless its on approach to or on the ground at an airport. The altitude setting for the location tab is basically useless.Also, the only shadow you will find is from your plane and the textures. I flew through the grand canyon and it didnt look realistic at all. The texturing is bad, you can clearly see the huge blown up pixels, and it doesnt look convincing at all. This is why theres so many cuts in the trailers, it only looks convincing for about 5 seconds if your at the right point of view. And no, this isnt just with me. If you look closely in the trailer there are the same issues.in conclusion: DONT BUY THIS. IT ISNT FUN AT ALL. THE MOST FUN THING IS JUST LANDING ON APPROACH.PS: Theres only a small area of the US included. The rest has no airports and i bet it has an invisible wall somewhere. And theres no community aircraft or scenery for this."
,Not Recommended,434030,24770850,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Richard Nixon,Crashed alot its not worth the $50
76561198153935056,Not Recommended,434030,30779722,Posted: 27 March,all,superjrock2000,"If anyone actually believes the good comments on this game, read this. The graphics are very, well, okay. They're nowhere near stunning, let alone ""realistic"". This game does NOT work in VR, as I have tried multiple stategies with the Vive controllers. They do not work at all. Everything about this game is awful. I am actively trying to get a refund for my wasted sixty dollars that I could have spent on a real game."
76561198308199060,Not Recommended,434030,23374689,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,edgardopdll,"HI this game does not work good i read well all the instructions but my controllers dont work properly please fix this ,i have a CH ECLIPSE YOKE and THRUSTMASTER JOY STICK. thanks."
76561198071951979,Not Recommended,434030,30182953,Posted: 25 February,all,Vadar,The only good thing about aerofly fs 2 simulator is the graphics but everything else is crap.
76561198091894464,Not Recommended,434030,34504134,Posted: 26 August,all,jonathanpage83,"Can you guys implement a control system for keyboard, since i don't have a pc controller that I can use like xbox 360 pc controller"
76561198187220198,Not Recommended,434030,26594873,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jackyboy,game worked fine. few days later it wont open...
76561198118714879,Not Recommended,434030,33418817,Posted: 9 July,all,Chowder,controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561198083865086,Not Recommended,434030,23089578,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,oppster3,"I downloaded Aerofly FS 2 today and it will not play. It says ""the main executable has stopped working"". I have over 1,700 hours an aerofly FS and love it and play everyday. I was so looking forward to Aerofly 2 coming out for pc as i have it on my phone but dont get the full experience on such a small screen and the flight controls are nothing like my saitek yoke, rudder pedals and throttle and trim.I can't  recommened until it works, but I hope it does!! The only reason I could write this review with 5 mins. of gameplay is that i attempted about 30 times, recieved the error message and retried.any help? thoughts?"
76561198378514027,Not Recommended,434030,31245173,Posted: 19 April,all,skymount07,"Unfortunately, in spite of trying the game on several computers I have not been able to get Aerofly FS 2 to run.  However, the company is saying that I have played for 10 hours, when I have not played for even one minute,   I requested a refund but am told I exceeded the 2-hour playing limit, which is completely false; thus, no refund.  I am very disappointed in the customer service of this company!"
76561198335984348,Not Recommended,434030,26409585,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,LuggyWuggy,"Not worth it for this price yet:1. Even though 150 airports in southwest usa, longest lenght couldn't evn use 1/4 of an airus a320 so why2. Switzerland dlc makes a long journey but only really possible in a boein 7473. Lack of planes and graphics comparable to microsoft flight sim.4. Original game was 10$ for half the saze o southwest usa but the new game over 50$!!!"
76561198027025820,Not Recommended,434030,24863202,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HavokzProdigy,"This is the first time I got super sick in VR. The horrible framerate makes this completly unplayable for me, yet I can play anything else on my 980ti. The scale of the buildings are way off. I'm going to go barf now, thanks Aerofly."
76561198163796677,Not Recommended,434030,29435274,Posted: 22 January,all,santeerob,Nice grafics. Not realistic like FSX
76561198273509942,Not Recommended,434030,25581326,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,berpera,i hate it it glitches
76561198199842995,Not Recommended,434030,33389934,Posted: 8 July,all,bradawilliams1,If you like an arcade type of simulator; this is for you. The graphics are cool but the simulation is crap. Mix the graphics with an FSX type software and you'll have something.
,Not Recommended,434030,26441077,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,avh.trash,"No Keyboard control, randomly crashes."
76561198103446629,Not Recommended,434030,31487300,Posted: 1 May,all,Goldin,TL;DRGood graphics♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay
76561198166304212,Not Recommended,434030,24599756,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,OldButNew,"I have to vote this game down for one reason. I can't set up my keyboard and mouse to fly. I spent all my time in this game just trying to set up the controls.  If you are using mouse and keyboard the default settings do not include inputs for the keyboard, so if you are like me and have no idea how to fly a plane this is too difficult for me. I have no choice but to request a refund. If this gets fixed at some point i'll be glad to change this review. It seems fun! But not for my keyboard."
76561198356005935,Not Recommended,434030,29572435,Posted: 29 January,all,pslaughter2002,"this game will not work for vr. if you are looking for an immersive flight sim, this isn't it"
,Recommended,434030,26628028,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Prisoner 8612 csgobig.com,someone please buy this for me thanks
76561198310797268,Recommended,434030,26736053,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,philip.m.l.jakobsen,is it working for mac?? if not it is kinda dumb. sorry
,Not Recommended,434030,25196513,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mercenarie,built for mobile devices but ported to the PC. its a step down from FS 1.
,Not Recommended,434030,26418268,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tobythegamer2311,aerofly is a good game but FSX is better 5/10
76561198033093645,Not Recommended,434030,24879735,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,thegreatofbeam,Terrible game - there is NO in-game instructions on how to play using a keyboard and mouse at all. I cannot control anything and the game is unplayable. I spent 25 minute trying to debug this game and currently refunding it.
76561198343727655,Not Recommended,434030,32874835,Posted: 27 June,all,TheProGamerJamie,dont get this game its a waste of money
76561197997313691,Not Recommended,434030,30405743,Posted: 9 March,all,Deoster,"More than 3 months in, and Oculus touch support is nowhere to be seen."
76561198097643145,Not Recommended,434030,23099859,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ux0109,i cant contol any with my muose and keyboard
76561198314060327,Not Recommended,434030,25800943,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[fe3e3e]*[0d7e82]DinoMC[fe3e3e]*,This game is incompatible with a Saitek Cyborg joystick.I shall be requesting a refund.
76561198322424629,Not Recommended,434030,24726555,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,davidjkline,Thought it was full VR with Vive.  It is not and that is disappointing.
76561198347521802,Not Recommended,434030,34456811,Posted: 24 August,all,velascobad_140,I WANT MY 49 DOLLARS BACK PLEASEEEEE I just wasted my money on this game
76561198046582049,Not Recommended,434030,26765396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bru 1941,the terrain is unrealistic
,Not Recommended,434030,25904985,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,johnskull,did not like it.it dose not work with my joystickmy joystick is a games power usb pc joystick and thottle
76561198345734304,Not Recommended,434030,26720996,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sharky181,Doesn't work on my pc
76561198076313714,Not Recommended,434030,23379338,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,tobywalsh93,"**** WARNING - YOU NEED A JOYSTICK FOR THIS GAME. IT DOES NOT SAY THIS ANYWHERE ****The game is terrible. Good Graphics, good airplane looks, but it feels so bad! The Physics is terrible, you can't use a keyboard or mouse on it *yet*, it is just terrible and really overpriced!"
76561198141510524,Not Recommended,434030,23350168,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Thegamer789,This game is really bad ! It is not realistic at all ... I hope i get refunded !
76561198049445273,Recommended,434030,23087225,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,vulpesvelox2004,"I've changed my review from negative to positive based on the actions of the developers. When it first came out I had one massive issue with this game, that the ground textures more than a mile from airports were increadably blurry and worthy of a late 90's flight sim, this made low level cross country pointless. However iPacs listened to the concerns people had and have released a hi res texture pack free of charge to address the issue. The fact that they listened to the community gives me a deal of faith in them.Otherwise, graphics are now really pretty in most (though not all) situations. The aircraft models are beautiful, looking out over the aircraft wings and seeing sunlight glinting off all the individual rivits is something I've not seen on a flight sim before.Ground textures around south west USA are now really nice though in some places do suffer from the effects of being 2d image pasted onto 3d terrain, for example in the grand canion the canion walls look pretty bad because the textures are horribly stretched.Water still looks fairly bad which is a shame because Aerofly 1 had very pretty water. Hopefully this will be addressed. The only other gripe graphics wise is that some areas need a bit of work where two  satalite/aerial images have been used and you can see a distinct line between them. For some reason this seems more pronounced in lakes than on land.The game captures the feel of flight very well but stumbles on the technicaleties, as of yet there is no air traffic control and navigation systems are very basic compared to FSX in addition to there being no other air traffic. Very likely however this will be addressed through early access so I would not mark down the game for this, I would not however get this game with the expectation that it will never be as technical or realistic as FSX."
,Recommended,434030,23280981,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Razordraac,"Really good simulator - incredibly efficient and lightweight engine which makes it shine while allowing the best hardware to take advantage of its stunning visuals. Lacking in some depth right now, this is obviously something the devs are working on (hence Early Access) but for me at least there is simply too much potential to pass up here."
,Recommended,434030,23295681,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,stevemed2005,"This is  a very good flight simulator, the graphics are brilliant, the airplane modelling looks great. When you are in the virtual cockpit there are quite a few systems you can play with. Its not x-plane 10 level but for just flying around and messing about it is good fun. Would recommend it."
76561198244898882,Recommended,434030,25194223,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,eamontero28,"I cannotuse my CH throttle quadrant, and my CH propedals, because FS2 flight sim will not Recognize same. I need your downloads for this game, but I cant get them. quique acosta, please Update my FS2 Flight sim. enrique"
,Recommended,434030,26306635,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Atomic Shadow,"This game is great for me becaause I am a noob to flight simulators. I really like how easy it is to use. No over priced aircraft and airports, yet. If they add more aircraft and rest of the USA I am good."
76561197987842858,Recommended,434030,25903499,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,malcombex,"This is simply the best flight sim experience i have had So far. (in VR).I have played all the usuall suspectsfrom FSX to rise of flight and they all have their place. This however is easily the most immersive - provided you have downloaded the high res textures and the Switzerland expansion. If this helps im using an i7 4ghz and gtx 1070 withHTC Vive and im able to raise the pixel density to 1,8 and this produces the most amazing experience, extremely realisticand beautiful . I think its due to the photo sceanery as there is very little pixelation compared with fsx and fly inside(no disrepesct intended)I realy hope the devs continue to create content for it - i would buy on a weekly basis.Note its still early days and a few things need to be implemented as its not as complex or as detailed as fsx but i cant see myself ever going back to fsx as it simply doesnt compare with feeling this sim provides."
76561198260281752,Recommended,434030,26135256,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Joe Rowe,"Excellent!If you have been tinkering around with flight sims for years as I have, then this is for you.   It has huge potential and runs like smooth butter.  If you have VR then do not even hesitate buy IT NOW!I have a few hours flying miliyary fixed wing (IRL) and this (with VR) is the closest I have ever been in any sim to the real thing.The sim will eveolve and eventually should replace the old favourites such as FSX, P3D and if XPlane does not support VR that could fall by the wayside also.My system is as follows:Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3930K CPU @ 3.20 GHZWindows 10 Pro 64-bit OS16 GB RAMNvidia GTX 1060Oculus Rift CV1If I have to complain, it will be that no helicopters are included (yet), but the sim is still in BETA I believe.Enjoy"
76561197981811661,Recommended,434030,26168070,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,eirikus,"I have been a fan of MS Flightsimulator from the beginning and purchased all versions. And I miss updates on that software. Now I'm flying Aerofly FS 2 and it's fantastic. It has a very high quality graphics, very good physical flight dynamics and runs smoothly. Since I'm from Iceland I'm looking forward to updates of global sceneries! :)"
76561198292955881,Recommended,434030,26080091,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mjstpa,"I agree with the many members of the Steam community when I say this is by far the best VR flight sim I have experienced. The lack of ""ground traffic"" in the scenery as it stands right now is the only downside. As far as the flight model is concerned, it appears to rival DCS, and the static scenery is exemplary. The DLC for the Swiss Alps is a ""must have"". From the 172 to the Airbus, I am overjoyed with this experience. As one reviewer put it ""My best VR experience to date"". I wholly agree and look forward to the new updates and DLC as they become available. Completely satisfied with my purchase!"
,Recommended,434030,25976193,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,learjet60guy,"Aerofly FS2 is miles ahead of all other General Aviation sims (FSX, P3D, X-Plane). I has the best graphics, the best native VR suport, and by far the best hardware optimization. Looking forward to more planes and enviroments in future updates."
76561198292452790,Recommended,434030,26276429,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Khobar77,My first simulation game. It is fun but waiting for full VR support
76561198015931329,Recommended,434030,26494149,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,zigzag,This works great with my Oculus .It is the best VR flight sim I have flown so far. I am also a real pilot who has 30 thirtyyears of flying. I hope the next group of planes includes the DC3 .
76561197995915412,Recommended,434030,26404319,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,antonioerick,"Escellent graphics and great potential copetitor with the best professional simulators. With improvements in the autopilot, ability to customize the sim and better aviation phisics it could rival X-plane and FSX. Excellent value for the cost. The Airports sre well made, the terrain is photorealistic and the airplane graphics are superv. A must to your collection of flight sims!"
76561198295993970,Recommended,434030,26362574,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,shokri30,"Why does my Aerofly 2 glitch every time? At the start when I paid for it and played it, it was perfect, but now in nearly 2 months it just glitch and it`s so f*cked up playing it. Sometimes when I land at some airports it will be gone and then only thing u see is a copy pasted area from google map. And every time around my plane it will be like a second plane around me and do some crazy stuff.I hope u fix it as soon as possible, I cant wait to play it as before, otherwise the game is fantastic! need many more updates, but I know it`s not done yet, its just a early access, and I had trust in you. PS! Still have."
,Recommended,434030,25954494,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,krauspg,"Game is fantastic! I still need to explore more!  That being said, Can you shut engines off and open doors? In addition, it would be great to see gulfstream 2 and above in game! And, dessault, falcons! (such as 7x and the new 8x)"
76561198311505439,Not Recommended,434030,24129153,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mcaddictstudios,Developers are focused on making money. The game already costs $50 for the basic stuff. All DLC is extra $. Microsoft Flight Simulator or X-Plane is way better. Don't waste your money!
,Recommended,434030,25012519,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"This sim is taking a very nice approach and can't wait too see whats next! Unforunately, I had to refund it for the only reason I bought it was to play VR and it was so choppy it made me feel sick even standing in the taxiway. (FX8350 GTX980 16GBRAM) I am sticking at the moment with XP10 and DCS, until it gets the optimization  or I get the required hardware for a satisfying VR experience, or it gets multiplayer. If you are new to the flight sims this is probably your best option in the market atm imho. Beautiful sim indeed. Can't wait to buy it again."
76561197988504302,Recommended,434030,25007602,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MovAvenger,Finally a Flight Sim that uses VR. I had the aircraft on auto pilot and was walking around on the airecarft inside! I am a Licmesed pilot and very serious about my flight sim's and have always used prepare 3D. For anyone looking for a VR alternative you need to get this! Flight Mechanics are not as good as FSX or P3d but still good and more importantly use VR to imerse you in an ecperence you have never scene before!
,Recommended,434030,24998840,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dreadders,"Coming from the fragmented confines of FSX/X-Plan 10, this game is a breath of fresh air. This game doesn't need HD texture overhaul, payware planes or additional cloud plugins to look good. It simply just does.It's noob friendly and one can easily control aileron, pitch, throttle with the keyboard (although you should be buying a HOTAS setup.) I have an X-55 R.H.I.N.O setup and it was recognized immediately. The setup was a breeze.Who is this game for?At the moment; beginners to the Flightsim community. It's a fantastic beginning place for people who want to understand the basic mechanics of flight, navigation and landings. However, More advanced Flightsim users will find the lack of depth unstimulating and would probably want to pursue a custom setup via FSX/P3D/X-Plane 10.I definitely look forward to seeing what these devs do in the future."
76561198253974684,Recommended,434030,25017912,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,golfguy72_2000,"I'm a longtime flight simmer, having played all Microsoft Flight Simulator versions since 5, as well as Fly! and Flight Unlimited II and III. I come from the perspective of someone who's not necessarily all about the systems modelling, but more so the immersion and feeling of flight. So, graphical details in the scenery, virtual cockpits and the external aircraft model to me are very important.And from that perspective, Aerofly FS 2 has the makings of a tremendous winner for the flight sim community! I have never been so initially impressed by a new flight simulator product. There's are a few important reasons for this, mainly because of how smooth and seamless the flight experience is. Indeed, at this point we're missing out on advanced weather, moving aircraft and automobiles, air traffic control, and extensive 3D autogen buildings. But, in all honesty, I could probably shut all that stuff off in FSX, load up KSFO with Orbx scenery and still be lucky to get 30 FPS. With a modest system, I regularly get very high and fluid frame rates in Aerofly FS 2 regardless of scenery, aircraft, or weather. It's also remarkable how the photo scenery in flight is never blurry regardless of how fast a plane I'm flying, nor is there any popping in or out of objects or rebuilding of mesh. You constantly see all these things in FSX. In Aerofly, the land below is always detailed and consistent.Furthermore, I'm blown away just how quickly scenery with this level of detail loads. Maybe 10 seconds off a regular old hard drive - not an SSD. Try that with any FSX scenery involving photo-realistic detail and you're looking at a significantly longer wait.For me, I'd love to see a company like Orbx (I realize with their involvement in FSX legacy products like P3D and the upcoming Dovetail Flight Simulator they aren't likely to get involved, but perhaps other good developers will) come along and create sceneries using Aerofly's base photo scenery but adding more 3D buildings surrounding important airports and details like grass edging the runways, as are common features in Orbx's FSX efforts. Perhaps it will be possible to port scenery over in the future as I think has been the case with other simulators. Maybe that's wishful thing, but it would be awesome to see!It would also be great to see a company like REX Simulations create an add on for modifying sky and cloud textures. What's there is nice and is much better than default FSX, but to have options would be great! It would also be wonderful if there was an option for animated water. Again, what's there looks good, but I miss the moving waves I have in FSX. I realize this may compromise performance a bit on some machines, but the option would be much appreciated.I think this flight simulator provides some of the most exciting potential for the flight sim genre in a very long time. If developers get behind it, we could be looking at something really special here. If you're a VFR flying fan like me, download it - you will not be disappointed!"
76561198307924185,Recommended,434030,28508354,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Piston,"really love the game if your have VR headset and love planes its a must have a totally game changer, if only we can get more planes such as 787 A320 neo and A380 it would be awesome and multiplayer over all I rate it highly and a must have."
,Recommended,434030,28490127,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Slaughtering Smiles,"I love this game so far, BUUUTTTT with the newest update the game has been acting fiddly. I'm still gonna give this a thumbs up, but about 3 out every 4 crashes the game completely freezes. With that being said there's only one way to fix it currently, just don't crash. Of course that would require me to not do that daredevil inverted spin through the structure of the Stratosphere at Las Vegas. Ha! It was totally worth the buy, but the random game crashes from crashing the aircraft, as well as loss of VR when switching to other windows then back to the game, I still think it's worth the buy if you love the feeling of flight without actually being able to afford flight."
76561198029579487,Recommended,434030,33067248,Posted: 30 June,all,Rock,graghics are very good but no upgrades to planes and there are no helicopters.and you have to pay more for more states.
,Recommended,434030,26202959,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Panda,"Very nice looking, responsive, however can be improved. Multiple times Autopilot has glitched out on me; sent me spiralling, etc. No ATC or FMCs, but it's a nice game for VFR. 8/10"
76561198168642299,Recommended,434030,24101770,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bobby,"The graphics for this flight simulator are simply the best I have ever experienced. The scenery loads at distance with no blurries and no popping up as you fly. The simulator runs smoothly without stutters.There is no AI, no multiplayer, and no ATC but this is EA and the developers have created a roadmap for the future of this simulator.For outstanding VFR flying, especially low and slow, this simulator is excellent."
76561197975841660,Recommended,434030,32619777,Posted: 21 June,all,glenn.harrall,"It has potential for sure. Performance is fantastic. I guess bottom line for me personally is that the photoreal aspect is great at a reasobable height and nothing more. Once down to 2 or 3 thousand feet and below, the sense of immersion and the ugly blotchiness of the terrain really shows through, even in the 'HD' regions.The cities with buildings look great but the sparseness eleswehere is dissapointing. Trees are growing in buildings, roads and the water is not really there, its just a photo background as well.Overall, if you like photoreal, the performance is incredible and you will enjoy it. I am going to take a look again later when development is further along."
76561197969362928,Recommended,434030,32420451,Posted: 14 June,all,acegamer,Excellent VR flight experience.  The game is still in early access so a lot of the advanced features that you will find in a sim like X-Plane are not in place yet.  However the experience in VR is currently the best available for a flight sim.  Highly recommended if you are looking for a VR flight sim and are willing to wait through the continuing development of the game.
76561198265366704,Not Recommended,434030,27875727,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,swag-fluff,"Guys, don't even bother buying this. The plane is hard to control, some jets you can't even control, and everything starts out nice but then as you keep on playing, everything becomes terrible, as if the planes ate to much sugar, and became drunk, also the planes acted as if they lost their brain and had to pick it up at walmart. Like for example, the Blue Angels jet is really hard to control. You'll wate your money on this game. I don't mean to make the game sound super terrible, like if the game was made downstairs, but the game isn't good. I've played this game for a month, but I've stopped playing because it was bad."
,Recommended,434030,32638581,Posted: 22 June,all,Kai88Zer,Thank you great sim great scenary great cockpit.
76561198134705072,Recommended,434030,29108251,Posted: 7 January,all,Roboat,I just got my vive and wanted a flight game but I can use my motion controls with the game I want to be able to so bad can we please put this in the game?
,Recommended,434030,29108804,Posted: 7 January,all,Mr Saxon,So far this game is amazing. It at times feels kind of real. Not 100% but nothing really feels that way. Graphics are decent especially at higher altitudes. They could be improved on ground level or near as a lot of the buildings are like google earth where they are flat. Some more important building like in NY are there. I really wish you would find a way to partner with google and get all of those needed buildings that people have made in google sketchup. Maybe give us the option to make our own replicas and be able to send them to you the DEVS and with your final aproval users could help you build your maps so buildings arent flat. I can imagine that trying to replicate every building by yourselves could take centuries. Great game please continue to update.
76561198341308568,Recommended,434030,29045316,Posted: 5 January,all,ross,http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341308568/videos/
76561198114104161,Recommended,434030,29117958,Posted: 8 January,all,tjh6759,I like the game alot.  The feel of flight is very good and real time feels like real time.  I also like the fact that you can fly in hud mode with all of the important controls at the top and your map at the bottom.  This allows you to really enjoy the scenery.  This mode is somthing I longed for for years in the Microsoft flight sims.  Sure you could fly without the cockpit but you had to switch back to full panel to see your gps.  In aerofly2 the map and if chosen gps route are there in every cockpit screen.On the negative I do have an overabundance of  diffaculty keeping some of the prop planes on the runway during takeoff. I know is gyroeffect but if these planes had this much gyroeffect in real life they would never have flown.  I am using a Logatech extreme joystick and I have recalibrated it and adjusted dead zones but still have too much gyro effect to get off the ground in one piece.Overall i think it is an outstanding flight sim and I would recommend it to armchair pilots of all experience levels
,Recommended,434030,29185670,Posted: 11 January,all,[GBalrz] PlaneStewart,"I got this for the Oculus Rift functionality. I am a heavy Prepar3d and x-plane user and Real-world pilot. Planes are simple and the Oculus doesn't provide enough resolution to make instruments and radios completeley readable. However, there is a major sense of being there that I have never experienced before. Even more so that the VR program for Prepar3d.Certainly not a replacement, but very very cool and fun."
76561197970834839,Recommended,434030,29208316,Posted: 12 January,all,superdave132,Great Game but I wish they would make more frequent smaller updates. It took me three days to upload the latest patch.Anyone with low bandwidth considering buying this game must take into account the extreeme size of the patches whichcan easily reach tens if not hundreds of gigabytes and take several days to download.
76561198171078899,Recommended,434030,29160524,Posted: 10 January,all,DaLizard,"What an amazing VR experience.  I love it!Still has a way to go with certain aspects such as aircraft exterior lighting, but overall one of the best experiences in VR yet.Can't wait to see this when it is out of beta."
76561198306476942,Recommended,434030,29297041,Posted: 16 January,all,heron26,"i buy this games and i can't even get to play it . ever time i try to play it ,it keep saying it initializing. my  computer is very good   but i keep geting this problem can one help me."
76561198143381666,Recommended,434030,29433884,Posted: 22 January,all,PROGRMR211,"This is a ""simulation of flight"" rather than a true flight simulator - BUT - it is still amazing fun, the flight dynamics are believable enough, and although most planes lack interactivity in the ways FSX and X-Plane provide the DEV team is working hard to update the product. The graphics engine is just WOW - VERY nice and silky smooth even on modest systems.Toss in a wide variety of aircraft and you will be busy enjoying yourself for a loooong time. And did I mention VR? No? Well yes it supports Vive for sure (I have the Vive and used AFS 2 w/ it) and I'm 99% Oculus is supported.Many options in the flight sim arena is better for flight simulation overall - do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,434030,29569930,Posted: 29 January,all,Luke,"A lot of potential, but very slow progress and update frequency. Check back later."
