user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198063120601,Not Recommended,434420,20980729,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Squirting Elephant,"Biggest reason not to buy:http://www.ultraimg.com/image/xtU3The dev (shortly pre-release)deleted all negative posts and (perma-)banned EVERYONEouting negative critism. Even when they did adhere to the Steam guidelines.The developer also attempts to hide it and lies about it, saying that he welcomes criticicsm:http://www.ultraimg.com/image/xtU5Pros- It has Steam achievements.- It has trading cards.- Erm... It has half naked girls?Cons (first version of game)- Maps are extremely poorly made. The developer is certainly not anywhere near an experienced RPG Maker user. See also this example to illustrate that the developer did not even spend 10 minutes on his maps:http://www.ultraimg.com/image/xtU6- Around 98% default graphics where used. If you include the unused files that were shipped with this game, over 99%. No(t much) money was spend on this game aside from some character busts and 1 single custom battle background and maybe some free music.- I explored the game-folder because I was kind of surprised why this is over 300MB. Seems the dev did not even bother to clean up the project. It has LOTS AND LOTS of unused files... Also no proper compression and no proper file-formats used. All just default.- Combat is basic. Just some plugins from other people thrown together. Looks half finished, unbalanced and feels static. Also the enemies you encounter all came default with RPG Maker. The dev did not even bother to create or adjust the enemies himself. Because that would actually take a few hours of time...- Most of the music is also default. I have heard it a 100x before in other games. But not all.- The prologue does not have a background it's just a black screen. This could be okay in some cases but not here. Also it's unskippable, It can be speed up a tiny bit though. It also has spelling mistakes. And the rest of the game also has plenty of spelling mistakes.- Using names like Kami (Japanese for god)... Well, it beats Kitsune I guess.- Lots of events where SFX seem absent or may have been forgotten.- Didn't use any different dialog-backgrounds to indicate that people are thinking instead of speaking.- Half the positive reviews here of questionable nature. The only review that has a lot of (up)votes is a negative one. Some of those people that claim this game is awesome have logged 0.5 hours. Then thereafter they played many other games instead.Also people who can't find a single positive point aside from ""I really dig the music"" and still upvote the game. Not to mention their indirect ties sometimes to the developer. It all looks of very 'questionable' nature.- Menu is 100% default. Just like the rest of the game it's very minimalistic and it feels as if it was made in just 7 days time.- Some maps allow you to exit by touching the edge of the map while other maps require you to use the markers.  Sometimes the same area has sections where you can do this and sections where you can't do this. This inconsistency is insanely annoying and extremely bad game design. You can clearly see this in the 2nd area (forest south west of the starting town) where this happens randomly everywhere.- Random texts appear telling you where to go so now and then. There is often no story behind it at all. And you better not forget it because the game won't tell you twice.- It goes on sale for 40% off right upon release.- The story is AWFUL. You visit your mom's grave ""Hey mom"". Then shortly after ""I better get back to the village"". Why? Because the dev did not include a reason for you to go to places where he wants you to go. This goes on and on.- I can't name my characters. I can't even name my characters in a RPG Maker game?- Etc. etc. etc. You get the idea.And this is where I stopped playing.A shameful game, with an even more shameful dev. Shame on both for releasing such a poorly made game. And shame on Steam for allowing this. Maybe I should also release games like these. Maybe like 2/week or so and ask 2 bucks for them with a perma 50% discount and some half naked content to attract some attention.And those reviewers claiming that it is only a few bucks, it's a few bucks totally wasted and spend on a developer that does not deserve it.The dev told me that the reason the game is still good despite all the 'lies' I wrote in my review: ""But it's only like 1$""...UPDATE: My response to the developers response to this review:Every perspective is biased, lets not pretend there is some magical thing called a 100% objective review.As a developer of the game you're also heavily biased, to all the faults and you ignore the truths (which I can proof and some I even did proof) of my review. But you keep denying them and keep calling us liars.If you really want to convince the critics, just address the arguments on its face. Attacking me instead of the review/criticism all the time. Except the majority seem to agree with me not you.Maybe come back with actual substance... Addressing the issues instead of attacking your (potential) players it's simply not cool. Perhaps you could fix the mistakes in your maps, improve the things we pointed out, reverse the bans and apologize and I will be so honest to rewrite my review then. Which, you can not delete&ban, only Steam can and Steam does not believe I violate any rules/guidelines.I mean Silver only ever played Chosen for 20 minutes, after already telling us how terrible it was.While my review has extremely low game hours, so did a lot of positive reviews, so why not criticize and possibly ban them just as much as me? Or is it because they agree with you?Graphics&maps are a ""visual"" experience, it requires no gametime to make a judgement based on it, I can watch a gameplay walkthrough and still have an opinon of the developers mapping skills and level of polish.Clearly though Silver knew exactly how long it took to make the maps that he/she had not even seen yet.And like I said many times before:I did see it before I criticized it in the screenshots/video YOU SUPPLIED pre-releaseand I showed you proof in the other review already. But keep saying it often enough maybe someone will believe you...Regarding the ban reasons:First reason: ""crazy criticism & violating Steams guidelines"". Note that I did NOT violate Steam's Guidelines (yes I wrote Steam support about it). Later he changed it to ""You have been banned because you criticized my game without even seeing it"". But again,I did see it on the screenshots and on the demo video the devs SUPPLIEDpre-release and ended up (unaltered&unpolished) into the final version.Also other people got banned for the same criticism. Later he changed the real ban reason to along the lines of: ""I thought that you're another developer who is jealous of my work trying to make me look bad""... If anyone is jealous of this work... Then that person must have a hard time finding a job in the game industry for sure.Then he proves even more of what an amateur he is by publicly arguing with banned users in a review (another review, not this one). And when I complained about spelling mistakes he said something along the lines of ""but your review does too""... I never in my life saw a developer respond like that.A prologue should NEVER have spelling mistakes, since that is the first impression of your writing they get, and will demonstrate the judgement they will be biased in. But to shift blame like that is a new low that I have never seen before."
,Not Recommended,434420,20960633,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","My Impression:I usually steer clear of RPG maker games, but I was interested in the fact the description compared it to Chrono Trigger. It is nothing like Chrono Trigger. It's a very generic JRPG with a generic storyline. I beat the game with all the achievements in 4 hours, including the hidden items.Positive:+ Character art is pretty nice, not sure it's original (also, there's no nudity like the tags suggest)+ RPG maker combat is always nice, its a throwback to the past+ It was just long enough that I finished it without saying this game is just too bad+ Music was pretty decent+ Hidden ""quests"" if you want to call them that add something nice+ Trading cards with nice backgroundsCons:- A lot of bugs, maps you go up into will start you at the top for instance. Ultimate weapons are not named correctly. Balancing issues caused by not testing enough. Another bug is that some of the bosses don't disappear and you can re-fight them over and over again, and one of them you can accidently refight just based on the positioning of the objects.- Very linear- Pay attention to where you are supposed to go, they mention it once after each major event, easy to get lost- Story is pretty genericBelow Average Game:4/10I got the game for 40% off, and I probably would recommend it at <$1.00 to anyone that wants to beat a 4-5 hour generic JRPG."
,Not Recommended,434420,21845267,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jayellow,"I played this game for half an hour, and I actually may return to it to be honest. However, to be clear, the only reason I would go back to it because it is hilarious. That is, hilariouslybad.It'd almost be a parody of stereotypical JRPGs if it didn't take itself so seriously.And thebugs.Just in the first half hour, without trying to find them, I saw at least three graphical errors and an NPC that gave me speech based on events that had not happened yet.I paid less than a dollar for this game, and that's all it's worth. I've used RPG maker, even with just the base program you can do much better than this. Buy it on sale if you want to laugh at the cliches, but otherwise steer clear."
,Not Recommended,434420,23524423,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Luxurychoccie,"Oh dear. I knew it was a risk buying a game with mixed reviews, however cheap- but this RPG takes the biscuit.Where do I begin? I have only played this poor excuse for a game for half an hour and have already been thrown from my gameplay back to the main menu twice, with no way of continuing.The artwork is pretty shoddy- I think the purpose of this game was to get as much cold-nipple look in as possible? The artwork for enemies during battle is laughable- it looks as if they've been torn from a clipart database, any form of animation for these things is also out of the question.Battle UI is clunky- I couldn't see if there was a way to even see enemy health, but perhaps I was missing that somewhere? The size of the sprites is puny compared to the enemy images also- the soldiers are suddenly 10x taller than you when you are battling them. Even the achievement art is indistinguishable from one to another.More complaints- spelling mistakes here there and everywhere, dialogue is stiff and unnatural.... everything seems forced and half arsed. To put it bluntly in the time I was playing this, it showed itself to be one of the most bland, copy-paste games I can even imagine. A clever marketing plan- spend so little time on an empty unpolished game, then charge pennies for it in the sales.... people will buy in the sale frenzy without even thinking about it- and all those pennies add up eventually. How did this unplayable mess make it on to Steam, I don't even know. Smh.Do not buy unless you want cheap achievements. I feel this is the only redeeming quality of this game. I will probably play again to 100% it myself, but I really wish I'd spent the money on a Freddo bar instead."
,Not Recommended,434420,21214390,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Erbkaiser,"This game is too cheaply made to really be worth your time. The story is cookie fodder -- early -- Final Fantasy fare, the chosen hero has to save the world yadda yadda yadda.The only unique feature which tries to set it apart from other RPGMaker games is the cheesecake portraits of female characters, which heavily feature in the store front screenshots.The main problem is easily seen in all the random battles: there is absolutely no art consistency in this game. Backgrounds are pixel paintings, player characters are minute chibi sprites and as for the enemies, they are without exception several times larger than the player sprites and of various differing art styles, ranging from generic slime to highly detailed soldier. Battles use RPGMaker default rules and there isn't even a selection cursor showing just which of the many enemies on screen is 'Soldiers A' and which is 'Soldiers D' -- note the plural.The game text has multiple grammar and spelling errors, and even complete novice errors such as referring to a DESCENDANT of someone as ANCESTOR.Other problems include the complete lack of indicators on sprites that are affected by status impairments such as poisoned, while with player characters there is some indicator in the battle screens, there is no such info for enemies. Combine with the lack of identification of individual enemies and you have to remember which enemy has which status...There is also no health bar for enemies, or even any indication that they may be close to death. Fortunately (?) they are all very easy. Without grinding, I only died once during the entire game, and that was a scripted loss. Even the optional bosses are extremely easy to beat.On top of all that, the game ends on a clfifhanger with a 'to be continued'.All in all, if this were a free RPGMaker game I'd be supportive of it as the game creator does have a good idea of what makes a decent oldschool RPG game, but for a commercial release that is sold for money, I expect more. So I just can't honestly recommend it."
76561198042646749,Not Recommended,434420,34535815,Posted: 27 August,all,kris.aalst,"The Chosen RPGis a generic old-school role-playing game made with RPG Maker. Gameplay-wise, it ticks all the boxes but there's nothing to this game that'll blow you away. Add to that a very clichéd story and a strange choice of avatars (the scantily-clad girls), and we're left with nothing but a slightly above-average RPG Maker game.'Nudity' tagYou've noticed the 'nudity' tag and maybe also the screenshots showing scantily-clad girls, so let's talk about the nudity for a moment: there is none. There's just the portraits of the three girls you'll recruit as party members, which shows them in underwear. But beyond that, there's no nudity or even any innuendo in this game. Not one bit.The decision to portray the three girls in their underwearandto show those portraits as three of the six screenshots on the Steam Store page is most likely the worst decision I've ever seen in game development. It's a very, very bad call because people add the 'nudity' label to the game, even though that's inaccurate, with the following consequences:- people who're looking for nudity won't find it in this game so they won't be happy;- people who're not looking for nudity may stay away from the game after glancing at it and seeing the screenshots and/or the 'nudity' label;- because of the 'nudity' label, Steam always displays a warningevery timeyou openanypage related to the game (store page, guides, discussions, achievements page, …), which gets very annoying.StoryThe story is one big cliché: an adolescent has a dream about his missing father and is dubbed the 'chosen one' to fulfil a prophecy that tells him to gather some sacred artifacts in order to defeat an evil warrior who's at the service of an even more evil warrior. The game tries to shake things up by adding a twist to the story at the end, but the player most likely saw it coming a mile away, especially people who've seen Star Wars.To make matters worse, the paper-thin story ends with 'To be continued…' after defeating the final boss. So if you want to see the conclusion to the story, you'll need to buyChosen 2. Lame.The writing is okay in that we usually get to read a lot worse English in these RPG Maker games, but nevertheless the wording is sometimes strange e.g. 'Potion was found' and 'Wanna beer?'.GameplayThe gameplay is typical RPG Maker. You walk around towns, enter houses and stores, leave the town and explore the surroundings where random combat may be initiated at any time. You control a party, in this case a group of four, and equip them with increasingly better gear. By defeating opponents in tactical turn-based combat, the party members gain levels, increasing their stats (hit points, magic points, attack and defense) and allowing them to learn new skills and spells.The level design is decent. You'll find yourself in towns, forests, deserts, castles and dungeons - classic stuff, really. The game world seems open at first, but you'll soon learn that you always need to complete the next part of the main quest at location A to be able to enter location B, where the next part of the main quest will take place. So the game is actually very linear.The combat is made interesting by adding a mix of skills and spells. Skills use TP that are gained during combat. Spells use classic MP. It takes a few levels before the party gains access to interesting skills and spells, making the first part of the game very repetitive combat-wise. Also, you'll soon find out which are the most useful skills and spells, and likewise discover that most of the other skills and spells are actually completely useless.Overall,The Chosen RPGis a bit too easy, so I'm sure a lot of people would have preferred to see an option to set the game to a higher difficulty mode. The good thing about the low difficulty is thatThe Chosen RPGrequires little or no level grinding, unlike a lot of other RPG Maker games.During combat you sometimes get status effects that persist after the combat has ended, but there's no way to check what these status effects are exactly.Your party gains levels but the game doesn't mention how much stats they gain. You do get a notice if they gain a skill or spell, though, which is the most useful information.Graphics and soundThe graphics are classic RPG Maker graphics. But the problem withThe Chosen RPGis that Windowed Mode is too small, whereas Full Screen Mode has wide black bars to the left and right of the screen, and it renders the graphics way too blurry, as graphics get blown up too much to fill the screen. So an option for an in-between size would have been very welcome.One further gripe is that your party members are tiny. During combat, they're literally five times smaller than any human opponent, even though your party does not consist of toddlers or dwarves. It just looks ridiculous.The Chosen RPG's music is fine except for the annoying 1990s dance music in the starting town. To make matters worse, a bit later on, when that town is under attack, the music changes to a groovy jazz tune. Both are completely out of place. But okay, the rest of the music is fine and combat music is even reminiscent of classic old-school JRPGs, so it's just unfortunate that the problem with the music lies in the very first area of the game.On Steam's extra featuresThe Chosen RPGhas 5 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.Five of the 8 Steam Achievements are story-related and unmissable. The remaining 3 are granted for optional goals and therefore missable."
76561198040468471,Not Recommended,434420,33315820,Posted: 6 July,all,sgargoyle,THe Only Reason the Tags of Nudity and Mature are on there is  for click bait. you have a 4 person group with 1 guy in armor and 3 girls in bikini tops everything is coverd thers never even any sexual inuendo. sorry to all the pervs out there.THe story is short and formula if you have played any rpg this will be simple same problem with the boat any other rpg of the type has you get it and cant remember where you where supposed to go.Over all not the greatest but im not crying over $1
,Not Recommended,434420,28693657,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NovemberJoy,"Even if you ignore the accusations of censorship being thrown at this game's developer, it's really not worth playing. The plot is cliched as hell and ends on a cliffhanger in a blatant attempt to hook the player in for a sequel, the writing is full of mistakes and feels extremely unnatural, the game itself is very short and very easy (I beat it in less than 3 hours even after doing every single side quest), and all of the art and sound for the game aside from the character busts comes straight out of the default set of assets that comes with RPG Maker VX Ace.Oh, and there's also a bug that makes you fight a boss all over again if you trigger it."
,Not Recommended,434420,22377974,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,"It's glaringly obvious that the bare minimum amount of effort and creativity has gone into this game. It's embarassingly unpolished with graphical errors all over the place and uses inconsistant, mismatching default RPG Maker elements for the mostpart. Gameplay is aggrivating with most ""quests"" having you visit and re-visit the same areas multiple times in order to talk to someone who simply tells you to go somewhere else and talk to someone else.I honestly don't know how I finished it. I'm guessing this has a lot of positive reviews because all the women are barely dressed?"
76561198037523271,Not Recommended,434420,32969761,Posted: 28 June,all,Allyah,"Yes, it's fairly cheap (especially on sale) for the amount of time it will take you to complete it (~5hrs). However, I'm not sure if that is enough to recommend it. It's not a particularly bad game. It might satisfy your nostalgia for games past but the story is 'meh', the dialogue is 'geh', and the women in their underwear going into battle with you is 'huh?' I would understand the developers choosing not to clothe the women if there was anything else ecchi about the game but there wasn't. If you're all out of other well-rated RPG options and you have a craving for another, this one is passable."
76561197977359112,Not Recommended,434420,22185371,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rawlitz,"A bit short, didn't really count, but i'd say about 5-7 hours. And the intro video contains elements that doesn't appear in the game (to me, just played thrugh it once) Easy to get all achivements. I don't see any nudity at all, the only ""mature"" part in this game is the clothes seen in the pictures above...And  *SPOILER ALERT!!*Wtf?! to be continued?! seriously? where does one find the next part?"
76561198218094865,Not Recommended,434420,25703679,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,PennyReviews,"This is a below average RPG Maker game.The game is short and very generic.  The only original art in the whole game appears to be the main character and his three scantily clad companions.  What you see on the store page promo video is all that there is.  The rest of the art is made up of the default RPG Maker assets.  There is no mature content.The game can be completed in under 5 hours and hints that there may be more games coming in this series.  I am not holding my breath.Overall, if you like the art shown on the store page.... if you are going to buy it for those three bikini shots, then you will buy it whether it is a good game or not.  For everyone else that wants to know if it is a good game in its own right?  No, no it is not.It gets one point for each of the scantily clad companions, because that is all this game is.3/10"
,Recommended,434420,32307305,Posted: 9 June,all,dewbertb,"I got this little game on sale and really enjoyed it. Lately I've been craving some JRPG nostalgia... and RPGMaker games deliver a JRPG-lite experience. This game follows suit by delivering an RPG narrative, even though it's a little cliched, and avoids the 60+ hour commitment! The last town (Rosefalcon) feels unfinished as half the homes/buildings are closed. And a couple of possible side quests (e.g., finding all 6 Old Parchments) amount to nothing. Missed opportunities!I have to address the elephant in the room: the half-naked girls. I think only wearing underwear/bikinis would be a huge disadvantage in battle?! Although enemy soldiers might be distracted by cleveage, I can't see this working on beasts or monsters!?!I'll start the sequel, which I also got on sale recently, sometime soon."
,Not Recommended,434420,23668024,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ｋｏｎａｍｏｎ🦁,"Well, another RPG Maker game got from a bundle, just to get some trading cards. And I've actually PLAYED it until the end, so... Let's do a quick review.Story:Pretty meh. Nothing to elaborate, things happens pretty fast, characters are bland... 5/10Gameplay:Average RPG Maker gameplay, with some bugs here and there. Nothing new, really. And a few VERY easy puzzles. 3/10Graphics:HALF-NAKED GIRLS OH GOD YES!!1! And that's it. The rest are the default graphics from the engine. The mapping is bad, and nothing new on the graphics too. 2/10Sound:The default soundtrack of RPG Maker is always good to hear. But, nothing new here too. 5/10Final Score:3.5/10. It would have potential if the whole game didn't looked so rushed to be done, with better explored character development, mapping, and some systems like quests, crafting, or whatever, really!Opnion: This game should be free, maybe as a demo of what the engine could offer... There is a lot of free of those generic RPG games that are actually more interesting... The attention the game has I'm 99% sure is because the anime girls with the body (totally unnecessary) exposed. It's not a good game, but I'm sure it could be worse. Wanna give it a try? Go for it, it's cheap. But you can find better FREE games just googleing ""generic RPG Maker games""."
,Not Recommended,434420,21060996,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,tuckerblair89,Pros:- Cheap- Achievements- It's an RPG?Cons:- Easiest RPG of all time- Lacks any unique or interesting features or concepts.- No thinking required. You can roll through this game in less than 2 hours with minimal character setup.
76561198193227553,Not Recommended,434420,21058811,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DNICE,"This game is beyond bland.  It has no flavor, no depth, and no heart.  You can tell that this game was put together quickly with no thought.  This is the worst RPG Maker I have played thus far (the world is incredibly small with no effort in making it interesting).  The game is not even a complete game (it ends with a ""to be continued"").  This game is not even worth a dollar.  Hey, at least the Achievements work."
76561198047456543,Not Recommended,434420,23176215,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Barkley,I didnt think I would be able to feel bad about buying this for less than a dolar but alas here I am.
,Not Recommended,434420,29619679,Posted: 31 January,all,A Cozy Knight,"This game is just another copy and paste RPG Maker title that does nothing new. A predictable, boring story with bland characters and worse dialogue with stock visuals to match. Broken encounters, abilities, and events are plentiful and I often found myself frustrated with just how lazy this whole experience was. I'd give it some slack but considering you can get better RPG Maker games for less, there's just no excuse to be made.Even if it's on sale, don't bother, the ""developers"" just slapped a bunch of pre-made assets together to cheat people out of their money."
,Not Recommended,434420,21096519,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Chernobog,"A very, very paint-by-the-numbers kind of RPG. There's just so little going on here. This game has a very low price point, which is the only true saving grace about it, but that's literally it. I suppose I should say that as a first effort, it's not THAT bad, but it's pretty forgettable as a whole. Keep in mind it also ends with a bland cliff hanger and a 'to be continued...' screen, but more attention should have been paid into making this one rather than any intent on going to a sequel. There's not much to recommend.Disappointments about Chosen:1. Possibly the most generic RPG I've ever played. Forgettable non-personality characters with run of the mill anime names (Edge, Serenity, Akuma). Tired order versus chaos storyline. Even the 'twist' at the end is utterly predictable.2. Super easy. I never needed to grind. Enemies, including the special bosses and the final villain, all hit like wet socks. Had decent gear by the end, but not anything great, nor did I need anything better. A quiz at the end of the game has no penalties, you just keep answering different things until you get it right. A few pushing boulder puzzles that I could do in my sleep.3. No character has any personality. They speak a few lines, but they're all honestly interchangable and faceless. Only the main character has anything that can be described as a motivation. Heck, one of the party members even shares the same image as her ruler's full image, except the latter has a dress and a tiara.4. Lack of a navigation system. There's no map feature and if you miss or forget the quick blurb between story events about what direction to go to, good luck. The overworld has limited defining features at best. They're just empty islands with one, occasionally two enterable places at best. I spent more time wandering around between playing sessions trying to figure out where I was supposed to go than anything else.5. The whole experience... it's just lazy. Words running off the screen, with frequent grammar mistakes. Incomplete maps, numerous empty traveling screens with no monsters or anything to do on them. Generic bikini clad party members for quick eyecandy sales. If you want some cheesecake, play Huni Pop, because you won't see much of anything beyond the screen shots above. Numerous NPCs in the last town don't speak whatsoever, unlike ones from previous towns. Oh, and the last area? There's no wandering monsters. In fact, you can pay gold to literally buy experience points.A couple of acceptable points...1. The aforementioned low price point. Mind you, this was also on sale when it came out...2. Music is generally good...? Not certain how much is RPG maker (the game makers use a ton of common RPG maker assets) and how much was custom made, if any."
,Not Recommended,434420,29030248,Posted: 5 January,all,Hybrid,Typical RPG maker garbage. No idea how someone can enjoy this game. Nothing special at all.
76561198035150567,Not Recommended,434420,23302255,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Brian,"This is a short boring rpg maker game.  There's no reason for a mature tag, and there sure ain't no nudity.  It is playable (if you like rpg maker games.) The story is simple, good guy vs bad guy, nothing more.  Buy only if you want to spend the money on a 3 hour game."
,Not Recommended,434420,25421748,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Xas,"Lack of Novelty other than the use of alluring characters for marketing purposes,dull and generic storyline.Progress is a straightline with no thrills, puzzles nor surprises.World is small and nothing much to see.Tp system does not accumulate after fights, hence rendering most high end skills unused since you rarely have enough Tp to utilize.Most magic are redundant, does not see much elemental difference.Sleep And Fire II is enough for everything.Played this for the 'RPG tag', few achievements and easy perfect game.Treated it as a cheap donation.One of the poorly made games with little effort.Does not recommend unless you play for the cards or the perfect game."
76561198106469463,Not Recommended,434420,23540553,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Platinum Reaper,"Not my most fav out of the RPG Bundle but its okeyish. I feel like the game was going for sexyness appial but it's not really there. The story was ok but felt rushed and if they do make a sequal as they say at the end I hope they take more time on it. the design is anime inspired.Pros:-It's a quick story if you like that sort of thing-combat is normal turn based- very easy for the most part( for thoughs who likr that)Cons:- It's got gliches-story is really short/rushed-Not very lore heavy, very little of it-charecters are somehat bland in my opinionOver all if its at discount and ya want a quick story its up to you but it was not my cup of tea. would not get at full price."
76561198043497491,Not Recommended,434420,25684965,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,traceexcalibur,"Do not play this game unless you enjoy staring at anime ♥♥♥♥♥ for three hours, because that will be the only enjoyment you get out of it.Also, it ends with a cliffhanger, and I want to spare you all the pain.I am crying as I type this."
,Not Recommended,434420,34716915,Posted: 3 September,all,TeddyStyle,"The Chosen RPG is a short RPG maker game, that honestly has had bits and pieces of every RPG maker game I have ever played and reviewed. The question is if the bits and pieces are the right ones and if it is put together in a nice game.The story starts off with a lot of backstory and lore to get you into the story. The stereotypical, there is a legend that needs to be fulfilled, they tried to diffrentiate with making the characters as if they are straight from an anime. What also makes it a complete stereotype is that the character does not acknowlegde him being part of the legend until almost the very end. The story would be less linear if there was multiple enemies trying to stop you in your 'quest'. Well quest is not the right way to say this, since the game is another find along as you go RPG. I remember playing this game for a little and coming back after a few days and completely forgetting what the objective was without any way to figure out, without spoiling the game by checking a playthrough, how to continue it. The story turned out to be pretty decent but right as I was getting into it, it ended. After this they gave the classic, ""to be continued..."", hinting towards a sequel.The battle sequences have the classic background, enemies and fighting style. Added along to this is pretty nice music and battle animatuons from both sides which is a pretty nice but small feature that you don't see much from RPG maker games. The things they kept from the RPG maker package is that the enemies have no healthbar, which is a nice feature but not mandatory, also the effects like balance, poison, blind, paralyse, sleep and many more. The combat would be way better if they payed more attention to the balancing in general. For story purposes you start off with the 3rd best sword in the game, which in the end 'evolves' into the best sword in the game, which makes you start off with a giant advantage. The difficulty is on point in the beginning, the back to back challenges made it very intense to play, afterwards once you got better items it turned out to be way too easy. For the people who enjoy grinding, you will get satisfied. Aside from one boss which you can battle over and over, seems like a bug honestly, you have a training hall where you can battle different tiers of monsters to your liking. The training hall also has an unique boss that gives you second best sword in the game once you beat it. Honestly that boss was harder than the final battle which is pretty sad.Concluding a verdict for this game with a yes or no rating is a challenging thing to do. It keeps showing itself in a good spotlight but gets pulled down again by the things missing in this game. They hinted pretty hard at a potential sequel but I see a lot of space for improvement. The story could have been in one game but they have many opportunities to go into with the sequel. If you are a fan of RPG's, take a quick look at this before you instantly buy this. If you don't like the anime theme or need a challenge you should look towards other games."
76561198059899191,Not Recommended,434420,33594751,Posted: 16 July,all,donaldv2,"Okay for one, I'm glad I only paid .49 cents for this game, the story was okay.... I liked the girls in their underwear but in all honesty I would of prefered that they had clothes on since they are in battle or sexy battle armor.... If you get the game just to see nudity DON'T because the tags are just for click bait... Plus there are to many things that feels like it wasn't tested enough because we could fight I think the ice guardian several times and basically level up a lot. Also you could still walk on the walls in the one ares toward the end of the game... Overall I would not recommened this game...Also the time that it takes to complete the game is around 3 Hours or 4 Hours... I would rather play Final Fantasy 12 then this or another game. Also the time that it says on Steam is wrong because we played it offline because we don't have internet and we can only be at places that have internet at certain points."
,Not Recommended,434420,24713352,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Quote,"This game is as generic as it gets for an RPG Maker game, and the story is not clear on most things.If you want to play some GOOD RPG Maker games, go play either The Witch's House (freebie), Ao Oni (also freebie), Sins Of The Demon (on Steam), ib (another freebie), or OFF (yet another freebie). Notice how 4 of the 5 games I mentioned are freeware games? Yeah.I did have a good laugh out of the main chatacter's name though."
,Not Recommended,434420,32842667,Posted: 26 June,all,Blix,"PROSIt was 50 cents on saleFemale characters where impractical outfits.CONSThis RPGMaker game isn't very good.The writing is stilted and the characters appear to have no motivatation other than 'Things are happening because plot'.The game lacks a dialogue skip feature.The world map is too big and there is a dash toggle.The map design is inconsistant, pointing out exits in town but not in dungeon.Why do you need to use the Inn in the first town, you have a house.Why text crawls to tell your story.I do not recomend this."
,Not Recommended,434420,28248458,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Il Duce Muskovy,"Typical Weeaboo Garbage that is usually♥♥♥♥♥♥out from RPG Maker users.When the hell will Steam get some quality filters?PROS:The music is nice I guessA bit more effort in here than other RPGMaker gamesCONS:Its RPGMaker so the fighting is subparShallow characters, Edge (yes he is named ♥♥♥♥ing edge) is the ""Anime protagonist with a dark and sad backstory waaaaaaaaaah""The female characters dont ♥♥♥♥ing wear armor, its obvious that the creator used♥♥♥♥♥♥just to get attention2/10 trash"
,Not Recommended,434420,23913248,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Crimson Phase,"Pros:+Game has great music (Seriously whoever did the music should be working on bigger things than this)+Standard classic RPG battle system.+Trading cards+It's usually on sale for cheapCons:-Entire world must be freezing cause them girls look cold all the time-It's short (Got 100% in just under 4 hours)-Underwhelming story-Some sprites of characters don't match in battle or portrait counterparts-Really easy. Even the hardest enemies in the game presented no real challenge-Ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Feels unfinishedHonestly this game isn't terrible, just very average, forgettable and short lived. It's easily passable unless you are looking for a short RPG with some good music and several half naked, really cold looking girls. There are probably better RPGMaker games out there you could invest in for around the same price."
76561198004903022,Not Recommended,434420,23853677,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wooothebadman,"I've played a number of RPG Maker games. I pick 'em up when they're 50 cents or less, most of the time. No idea why I risked that much time and money here. Maybe the boobs. Maybe I wanted to know why the women walk around in their undies like that's totally normal. No explanation. Maybe the implication is that this is some kind of oppressive society- like the Ferengi of Star Trek- that forces this upon their females? Nope. Plenty of clothed lady NPC's.Anyway, the best way to describe this game is that it is just as stupid and lazy everywhere else. Bad story, bad characters, bad spell design (one of Serenity's super moves missed 100% of the time for no reason), bad enemy design, bad item design, bad level design, bad music... look, I'm not that harsh. Do ONE of these things well and I'd be happy with my 50 cents spent. I was actually quite mad at the end of this game."
,Recommended,434420,29175438,Posted: 10 January,all,Shrodu,"Okay, I'm going to be completely honest.  I know you're going to say ""OH, YOU JUST GOT THIS BECAUSE IT'S WEEB BOOB FODDER SH*T""...and that's EXACTLY why I got this game.The Chosen RPGis an admitably bland RPG that lacks many grand things that you may expect from various RPG Maker titles...though it does have grand t*ts and perky nipples (Serenity) though.  The story feels fairly cliche/generic and the overworld feels uninspired.  But I would say that I enjoyed it for what it is...an easy beginner-level RPG with tons of fanservice.  If you want a harder and prettier RPG, you might want to considerSkyborn.For the only part you really care about...""How're the girls?"".  The girls inThe Chosen RPGhave stripper names (Serenity, Myste, and Trinity) and despite the trailer, they never appear in dresses.  From the first moment you see them, they're scantily clad and they'll remain that way until the end of the game.  There's even one reference near the end of the game referencing Trinity's bra!  It's a shame that your character is barely underage and can't sleep with his 3 waifus.  And let's face it, they're the main reason you'll purchase this game.The difficulty is easy, though it does start a little rough.  I also had some trouble with the fishmen in the ice area as their ""wave"" powers are a little too OP when you hit that point.  But aside from that, you'll find that the hardest bosses (You know...those Super Duper ""Are you super duper sure you wanna fight this guy?  He's the strongest in this game!"" bosses) to be pushovers when you do simple cheesing involving defense and offense powerups.  There is very little reason to grind given the low difficulty, which is a pretty good deal. (It'll mostly be to get gold for the best armor/weapons)So... to summarize (or if you just feel like a TL;DR person...):PROS:+ Short+ Easy+ Scantily clad waifu squadCONS:- Too Short- Too Easy- Differing art styles may be displeasing to some.- Cliche story- Generic overworldDespite the cons, I honestly felt that it was fun to enjoy a short RPG for once (And whether you had fun or not is what matters).  Expect to finish this game in a day given its length (3-5 hours).  Should you getThe Chosen RPG, you should get it on sale, where it's $0.50 rather than $2, which feels like the price it should be set at.  I'm also a little disappointed to know that this game ends on a cliffhanger.  Gotta see my waifu harem squad again!6.5/10  The Waifu RPG...that needs a well-polished sequel!"
76561197993118789,Not Recommended,434420,34180451,Posted: 11 August,all,nerloch,"Yet another RPG Maker game we have on Steam, but is this the one that will redeem all the wannabe-SNES JRPG copycats we’ve been swarmed by lately?The Chosen is…+ Experimental with somewhat inherently busted skill system, but in the good way: every RPG Maker games suffers from it in some way, since the easily exploitative and spammy skill system offers the player to become too imbalanced after only a few gained levels. The Chosen remedies this by including separate skill bar that keep filling as the combat goes on, especially when the player takes a massive damage. You can use skills that cost next to nothing on the skill bar to produce basic but sufficiently powerful combat abilities, or you can wait for the higher tier skills that cost more for battle changers.+ Playful with skills: basic ones are satisfying to use and powerful. Our main hero has a useful power attack that deals a double damage, while one of his companions has the Tackle that has a chance to prevent the enemies’ next attack, and is one of the most useful skills in the game.- Very short: you can finish this game in 4-6 hours easily, and the replayability is next to zero due to serious lack of content.- Unambitious, way too much generic: The Chosen is a painfully “by the numbers” JRPG game, there are literary no interesting quests except “fetch me this” and “get that bloke!” generic quests. Level design is poor and simplistic, battles are boring and grindy, there are no interesting characters, whether they are main heroes, few and rare NPCs that you meet, not to mention the main villain.- A bit too much asset-flipping: too much of generic assets, not enough of original artwork. RPG Maker is a powerful JRPG maker that comes with a sizeable library of audio and visual assets, but that does not mean you should use them in the product you’re selling, because this feels cheap, lazy and effortless. Except the skimpy design of the main heroes and a handful of NPCs, along with one or two enemies, everything else is an asset flip. Putting as much effort in your product as you can with your artwork always pays off since people who play notice this, and respect the developers who’ve put a proper effort in making as best game they can. So after designing story and screenplay, this should be you next priority.- Narratively poor: Since the game mechanics in RPG Maker games are inherently simplistic and anarchic by the nature of the game engine they’re based on, story should be your number one priority. An interesting and involving story can and will remedy the many flaws a game can have with most of the players. Sadly, the story in The Chosen is childish, full of plot holes and unsatisfying. Characters that populate this world have even worse treatment since they are walking and spewing trope generators, utterly boring and one-dimensional, without proper inner goals that lead them, and every sentence they say sounds something a child would say. And this is the biggest flaw of The Chosen one, since the game already offers so little.I cannot recommend The Chosen even by the extremely cheap price it’s selling almost every week, since it feels like content-poor, incomplete and a lazily made product that barely got the care it needed. With absolute power comes absolute responsibility, and just because you have a powerful game engine you can use, doesn’t mean you should create a sub-par game you wouldn’t want to play and charge people money for it. I only hope that developers will grow mature soon and respect the power of making games more."
,Recommended,434420,22410414,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,eshdog,my dad  isnt  proud of me
76561198128538194,Not Recommended,434420,30109414,Posted: 22 February,all,massive,"This game has a lot of broken elements...- During battle there is nothing to indicate which enemy you're attacking...- Enemies do not scale to level nor are there many enemies- All bosses are very easy- Most skill are useless- Magic has no bonus or penalty against any enemies/bosses and do the exact same damage be it 'Fire', 'Ice', 'Thunder'...etc- Most bosses that should have been 1 time battles could be fought multiple times for easy exp (most bosses are easier than enemy encounters)- Not much to explore- 95% of the NPC's have no dialogue when attempting to speak with them (not even an ""..."" to show they're ignoring me..)TL;DRBuy it on sale for a few cents for trading cards, but not for the game..."
,Not Recommended,434420,29398373,Posted: 21 January,all,Tenyson05 {C²},I really don't get why they needed to make the females with such design.Some fights can get so long and boring...
,Not Recommended,434420,34492139,Posted: 25 August,all,Hippyshake,"Oh, boy. where to start. Within the first ten minutes, there were already things that irritated me:Edges of screens that appear to lead to other areas but have invisible walls (instead of closing them off with trees, rocks, or otherwise providing a visible aid to the player to let him or her know the route is impassable).Multiple exits in a multi-screen 'maze' where the wrong move boots the player out to the overworld, forcing them to navigate the entire thing again, hoping that the next choice will be the correct path. On the other hand, there is at least one indoor (tent) area where you can walk right through all the walls, so I guess that's some type of balance.There are items on the ground that clearly look like they can be picked up (such as a shovel) but can't.The game likes to remove decisions away from the player (for example, at the end of a moving little cut scene, the player character (PC) decided ""I'd better get back to town!"" and promptly left an area I wasn't done exloring. Even more strange, the game let me return to the area immediately after, making me wonder why I had to leave in the first place.Characters have skills when enough TP (gained in battle) is available; PCs can use Skills, but even this is unreliable. For example: one of the skills, Chakra, is described as ""User cures all status ailments."" Yet, in practice, Chakra only cures the caster, and no one else, making it nearly useless. In addition, TP strangely disappears between battles, and reappears when entering the next battle, which means should you find yourself posioned and out of antidote (for example) you are forced to walk around looking for a random encounter, hoping your PC doesn't die from cumulative damage before you can use the needed skill.It's a shame, because there is the seed of an emotional storyline here that causes me to want to keep playing. Ultimately, though,  it's just too frustrating an experience to enjoy, especially with so many other RPGs available. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,434420,28682551,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jessicanity,"Poor dialogue, female characters in bikinis instead of armour, inconsistent art styles, poor combat (you trigger it by stepping on an invisibile enemy, who is then a motionless picture on the screen totally inconsistent with your character sprites. Who jump for joy when they win.) I can't comment on the story since I quit after barely playing due to above mentioned issues. It didn't help that I played after coming out of a good RPGmaker game."
76561198081320469,Recommended,434420,24189326,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Xenader,"Fun and short rpg maker game.It was an use of time, and didnt require any crazy grinding to complete (grinded for only 20 minutes just to get money)Achievements were simple and fair.Did not have any bugs or glitches others claimed to have.Pros:minimal to no grindingnice graphicsgood storybewbsCons:no mapbewbs"
,Recommended,434420,29078761,Posted: 6 January,all,Nickor,I did like this simple and short game given it's discounted price. Forget about nudity - none here so far in my opinion. Keep in mind there are a few scattered powerful enemies which leave you great stuff. On negative side there's no option for volume control.
,Not Recommended,434420,21035550,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MegaMan,"Oh boy, where to begin...1. Party member girls in underwear for no reason at all.2. Numerous cases of bad grammar and punctuation.3. Battles are very easy, which is compounded by...4. Weapon and armor upgrades are plentiful and often found for free just by searching, often better than what you can get in stores making most purchases there pointless.5. Plot is linear and will give you the tools to progress out of nowhere. ""Oh no, the big bad is on the southwestern continent! How do we get there? Let's go back to the village for clues."" You go back to the village and there's a new generic NPC at the entrance who says ""Use the boat to the southwest"". No explanation for where the ship came from, why they're giving it to you, or why the ""boat"" is a fully fledged ship with multiple masts.6. Multiple glitches with walkable tiles. I've walked onto the side of a house and in the blackness surrounding the interior of a tent. It's not that I found a hole in the blocked off tiles, there's no blocking there to begin with.7. A pretty standard story by JRPG standards. Very predictable so far (Chosen hero pulls out a special weapon, denies he's the hero, immediately goes out to fight monsters and stop the big bad without ever muttering about it again).Then again, this is all during the hour long prologue. But if there's going to be something to make me change my opinion about the game, it better happen soon."
76561198073528093,Recommended,434420,22883095,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Neowo,"Okey so the game was pretty short I passed this in 2h and this story was kinda fun and interesting. The most best thing was the soundtrack, like I enjoyed listening it so much. Can't wait for sequel! :) and it was also very cheap game. I would fully recommed to buy this and enjoy."
,Not Recommended,434420,21144992,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kaze,Very basic RPG maker game.  Barely worth the $1 I spent.
,Not Recommended,434420,23808445,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Oralom,"There were a few mistakes. Infinity battle loop in the ice area, for example. Some of the towns, mostly the one ruled by the Elf Queen, seemed completely unfinished. Most of the citizens had no dialog. A lot of buildings were unaccessiable. Sometimes when you left a building, you ended up in far away from the building you've exited. There was no need (or explanation) for why the females all wore bikini outfits. The world map felt very barren.The story was okay. Not the worst I've seen. Sadly, it ended on a cliff hanger with a ""too be continued"", but seeing as how this game seems unfinished (or at least unpolished), I don't have a lot of confidence in a sequel."
,Recommended,434420,31063867,Posted: 10 April,all,iamdark24,"Got this game as it was included in a bundle and have enjoyed it so far.Pros:+ Crazy cheap (0.49 in the bundle)+ Nice sense of nostalgia when playing (Nostalgia for the old-school FF/Dragon Warrior games)+ I absolutely love games with turn based actionsEDIT: + Found that in a certain town you can buy something and sell it for more than what you paidCons:- When fighting multiple enimies, they are labeled Soldier A, Soldier B, etc. When selecting one in the fight, there is no indication of which one it is. (Or if there is, it wasn't obvious enough for me to notice)- Half-naked women (maybe if there were a control for this with 2 seperate sets of screens it would be a pro. One for half-naked and the other for fully armored or clothed. Since the 3 women who help you are all half-naked, I felt that it took away from the overall expierence instead of added.)EDIT: - This game feels incomplete. You spend time grinding to level up, buy the best armor, build your inventory of potions and whatnot, and the game just kind of ends. Chosen 2 should have been built into this since the ending of this game was kind of a letdown to to be honest. (Once you get there, I'm sure you'll agree)I started playing Chosen 2 and that lasted about 2 minutes. Your save from Chosen does not transfer to Chosen 2. Kind of a slap in the face if you spent a lot of time grinding to raise your characters stats. You start over at level 3 in Chosen 2 and you start again with a clean slate. IMO, Chosen 2 should have been a free DLC (or update) to complete the story of Chosen.I still recommend this if you're looking for a decent RPG that will burn a couple hours."
,Recommended,434420,24850630,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Popispropaganda,"Really enjoyed this guilty pleasure game. Short and sweet. Hits all the rpg instances for the most part. Boat, Airship, big bad, family drama, chosen one, evil v good. Really not much grinding required in this game, but if you do you will blow through the rest of the game. took about 4 hours to get all acheivements. I would def buy and play a sequel."
76561198047018729,Recommended,434420,29761913,Posted: 7 February,all,Rutilos,"I enjoyed it, short and simple with a decent story."
,Recommended,434420,29609705,Posted: 31 January,all,WetTouchⓒ,"Typical RPG maker game nothing fantastic pretty easy to beat and get the achievements so that's a plus, and there are trading cards"
76561198006329212,Recommended,434420,24260806,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Simon,"It's a good one among the huge RPG Maker family. Had some issues with the launcher though, and some details of the interface could qualify for minor complaints compared to similar games, but I had a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,434420,23962352,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[30th] cowlikenuts,pros♥♥♥♥♥♥cons cant pet dogdark knight drops 300 goldice element drops 1000 gold10/10 game balance8/8 would buy for 10 cents again
,Not Recommended,434420,25663254,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,UltimaCJ,"This has to be the worst RM game I've played.  Aside from the battle system (enemies were very weak and easy to level aside from the bonus boss from the arena).  Did anyone beta test this?Cons:Shallow story with a terrible cliffhanger won't care if they make a second one unless this guy seriously works with RM better.Lots of empty space.One dude and 3 hot anime girls is your party and they wear nothing (eye candy is nice that's prob the 'appeal' to buy this game which is a shame).Multipule spelling, grammar, and dialog cut offs.Able to go through MANY tilesets and walls.VERY short.  (under 3 hours) I see nothing that represents the product desscription of Dragon Warrior or Final Fantasy.  Please try not to give players false hope.Pros:Able to get all the achivements easily.Seriosuly developer get some beta testers and take some video tutorials.Got this game part of a 98 cents bundle, so I spent maybe 10 cents.It's game's like these that give RPG Maker a bad rep and it's a shame."
,Recommended,434420,23672144,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Fligglebleh,"I bought this game on sale in a pack of similar old-school RPGs for less than $1. While this game, along with its siblings, aren't old-school as far as time goes, they are in spirit and in style.To be honest, after beating two out of the 5 purchased, this one is my favorite so far, and well-worth the buy. I'm actually only posting this review since it received so many negative reviews recently, and I think it may be due to lack of perspective on the reviewer's part.The Chosen RPG, unlock some others of its kind, is a bit more in-depth regarding stats and equipment. Like some more modern RPGs on mobile devices or on portables, you can optimize your equipment quickly for the gamer-on-the-go, and there's more than just the minimum 4 stats that some RPGs have.The graphics aren't great, but if you're an experienced gamer who grew up with worse, then they're about on-par when considering the RPG Maker engine. Yes, the most detailed of the graphics mostly include scantilly-clad women with erect nipples, take that as a positive (if you're into that) or a negative (like other recent reviewers), but either way the game mechanics are more streamlined than others of its kind available on steam and if this game was made back in the 90s when these types were more popular, it could have been a serious trend-setter.Really this game is a matter of perspective; if you expect to spend $2 (or less, like me) then you should usually expect a game of slightly lesser caliber, or at least equal to this one's.Overall, this game has been a positive experience for me, and I've enjoyed it more than similar titles."
,Not Recommended,434420,22841258,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,µ's SuBi ♪,"I bought the game when it was on 85% off, still cannot recommend this game.I am aware this is a RPG Maker game, but there are still a lot to criticize, bare with me a little.TL;DR Mark this game as ""not interested"" and move on to your next queue. :)Check out Eternal Senia, EVERYTHING IS BETTER compared to this game, and it's totally free and worth-playing :).ConsStoryThe story is so generic, unorginal, and predictable. Many things are left unexplained.GameplayThe biggest problem of the game.First off,NO QUEST LOG. There is no quest log to see the game objective. The objective ishiddenwithin the conversations between characters. If you clicked too fast during conversation, that's it, you will not know what to do at all.Second,Random encounters of monsters. The same mechanics as Pokemon games, but WORSE, everywhere other than towns, you encounter a monsterevery 10 seconds of walking, and there is no such thing as ""repel"". YES, this reason is enough for you to ignore this game.Third,EXTREMELY BAD GAMEFLOW. There is no map in this game. You will reach a point where you can go to the final boss place straight away, and get rekt by the wild monsters there when you still don't know what happened. Boss fights are not obvious. This is very frustrating, see the next point.Fourth,Save system. I am aware that RPG Maker game cannot do autosave, Due to the bad gameflow which you may die anytime, you literally have to save the game every 10 minutes. You can only return to your last save-point if you died. This is god damn frustrating. And the game ends without letting you save, this meansno sense of accomplishmentafter completing the game at all.Fifth,Combat system. I'm fine with turn-based combat, the one bothers me is the elements. There are fire, water, ice and etc in this game, but they got literally no impact to the game. You can't see the damage difference between them. The same goes to physical atk/def and magical atk/def.CharactersEverything is♥♥♥♥♥♥ ZERO character development.Look at all the characters in the the trailer, that guy is in fact 17 years old (wtf?).All the almost-naked girls (or ♥♥♥♥♥s) randomly join the party for no reason (to save the world, like that? wtf?).Visual and AudioMeh.2/10 much hate(originally 1 point, +1 point for cheap steam cards and achievements.)"
,Recommended,434420,29070908,Posted: 6 January,all,Sweep,"About The Chosen RPGVery good game. This guy's first RPG. thought it was great all the way through. about a 2-3 hour game, worth every penny. started a second run but havent finished. Story is good, but it's the fast classic RPG combat system that is the real draw here. Difficulty is balanced all the way through. will definitely play it again in the future. Never drags with any 'farm 4 of these' quests, almost all boss killing and main story, few world map encounters. Quickly whip bosses and move from boat to airship just like you want in a game like this. Moves quickly with great characters and classes. It doesn't have any customizabily, at all, that's the only drawback, but at least he gives you great classes and likeable characters. Overall, great couple of hours here well worth the money.The Chosen is a heroic RPG inspired by the Dragon Quest Series and Chrono Trigger. Will you be able to unravel the mysterious plot against you and become the Chosen?Release Date: 4 Feb, 2016All in AllThe Chosen RPGis a good RPG Maker!7/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,434420,22551535,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,gTzinho,"---------English Review--------------The Chosen RPG own a good story, the protagonist Edge has a strong personality, there are three ladies (Serenity,Myste and Trinity) devoid of casual clothes and the game give you the nostalgic feeling of the 90's Classic RPG, actually I love it <3---------Análise em português----The Chosen RPG possui uma trama muito boa, o protagonista Edge tem personalidade, há três senhoritas (Serenity,Myste e Trinity) desprovidadas de roupas casuais e o jogo te dá a nostalgia dos RPG's Clássicos dos anos 90, que eu amo <3.SPOILER-------------English-------------The end, isn't the end.""To be continued.""This let me interested to the sequence.-----------Português-----------O FINAL, não é final!""To be continued.""O que me deixou interessado em jogar a continuação."
76561198044326928,Recommended,434420,24535136,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kilometer[S],First Rpg maker game that I played. Its okay I guess
76561198084348825,Recommended,434420,29239111,Posted: 13 January,all,Mordridcain,"great game, well worth the 50 cents it cost me to play.  story is fairly good."
76561198010781134,Not Recommended,434420,25666988,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,melvinh,"Well, I'd have never thought that this game was THAT generic, but from the dialogue to the story line, gemeric. And why the **** are they walking around in monster infested forests / dungeons NAKED???"
,Not Recommended,434420,28945760,Posted: 2 January,all,Igamaru,"To say this game is garbage would be too good for it. For starters, dialogs, like REALY, did they go on the street and ask people to write them including 3 words necessary. The naming of characters, anyone who has watched at least one action anime would realize that the naming is child's level, as the name of God is God in Japanese, name of the main devil is devil in Japanese and so on. Only reason why I have such long time of play on this game is because i tried to make sense of the conversations, which in the end didn't matter anyways. Good thing that you can travel by ship in this game, as going thro dungeons every time you need to get to new Iceland, well Damon like 15 min on one and then moving to another.There is one thing I liked really much tho. First time you enter the game you enter your email to get normal game, which costs 10.00 eur without discounts. In any other mean, this game is waste of time and yeah, not worth spending 22 cents I spent on it!"
,Not Recommended,434420,34735036,Posted: 4 September,all,saz,"the hero, with his 12-pack abs, goes to see his dead mother fully decked out in BDSM gear, and lives in a village where the women only cover their nipplessighanother rpgmaker travesty that should've been aborted"
,Recommended,434420,22701096,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WhatDaMath,"This game was very cheap and included Steam Cards, so I'd say get it on sale for sureHowever for a full price - it's not really worth it as it's a very mediocre RPG maker game and there are tons better ones out there."
,Recommended,434420,31467924,Posted: 30 April,all,-V-,"A simple, straightforward RPG that can be completed in a long session.The Chosen RPG is an ejoyable jaunt with an old school feel.  The controls are great, I used the NUMPAD for 4-way movement, ""0"" for 'menu/exit' and ""Enter"" for 'select'.  That's it, those are all the buttons!  Simple, and you've got a free hand for your beer!  It plays like an old Pokemon/Final Fantasy game.The linear storyline was decent enough, and the monster images were amazing.  Hand painted creatures going up against 16bit chibi characters... A bit discontiguous, but the monsters are so beautiful.  I was very amused by the fact that the female party members are all but naked, and the male party leader is covered head to toe in a red bodysuit and massive spiky plate armour.  It shows the strong contrast between ""male sex appeal"" and ""female sex appeal"" as all the characters are appealing.Edge is the perfect name for our protagonist; as he is surrounded by scantily clad women that he will never romance."
,Not Recommended,434420,25704102,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bsoyuz,"The only reason I bought this was because it was in a less than 1 buck bundle.I don't understand this game. It has so many things wrong with it, that have been pointed out by other reviews, but screw it, I'll list it.Pros: Pretty easy achievements and trading cards if you're into it.Cons: Story is basic, bland and has nothing special to it, it's your basic: ""I gotta save the world, because I'm the hero/or to save someone/or whatever"" story. Progress is way too easy, and there's no twists or turns to it, so it isn't special in any way shape or form. Why are they in bikinis? I want to understand why, but I can't, I just don't freaking get it. If you bought this expecting any sort of nudity, it will leave you hanging, in closing, the story telling is not good, especially with cringy lines that you would have to read to believe.Since I bought this in a bundle, I went in expecting nothing, and it still let me down.It's pretty below average RPG Maker game, that mostly uses the basic assets from the software, the thing is, you can still do something better than this with the basic assets.It gets a 0.5/5 due to the fact I can sell the trading cards and I get a easy achievement here and there."
76561198076491588,Recommended,434420,24297965,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Morty,"Nothing particularly special about it, average story, not much to the characters. It's your standard RPG maker game, but i enjoyed it. Just as i started getting into it it ended.For a very low price, it is worth it"
,Recommended,434420,29907591,Posted: 13 February,all,mighty hawk | TradeSkinsFast.com,"OverallThis is a fun little RPG. While fairly similar to most games made in the RPG Maker, it's still pretty entertaining. I've listed some pros and cons down below.ProsLanguage - The English in the game is grammatically correct almost everywhere. I've seen very few mistakes.Story - Even after only 1 hour, I'm still intrigued by the story. It almost makes you not want to stop playing.Trading Cards - I bought this game mainly to boost my Steam level. I've calculated that it would only cost me 1,75€ to get the game AND enough trading cards to get the badge to level 5 (NOTE: I got the game on sale for 0,22€). After the 3 card drops, the game itself had actually earned itself, if you look at the value of those three cards.Music - The game offers some very calm and pleasant music, that's caused me to be really calm and comfortable writing this review. You'd almost think that I've been hypnotised by the music to write a positive review.Items - The game offers a wide variety of items. All from armors and weapons, over health, mana and poison curity potions, to special 'artifacts' that can unlock secrets and easter-eggs throughout the game.ConsNudity - While no characters are fully naked, the game has been tagged 'Nudity'. Multiple female characters are also partially nude, which is something completely unneccesary if you ask me. It *almost* partially ruins the game, but it's see-through. That shouldn't stop you from buying the game.Swear words - There are a few bad words, which I definitely think is unneccary. The bad language does not boost the game in any way, and it's a minor setback if you ask me.ConclusionIf you are looking for a fun little RPG, you should definitely get this. If you're looking for easy and cheap XP for your Steam profile (507 XP for a minimum of 1,75€, possibly 2,25€), get this. All 5 trading cards needed to craft one badge costs 0,30€ all-together, while crafting all five badges costs 1,53€.If not for the nudity and swear-words, I'd say you could get this for your kids, I'd guarantee they'd have a lot of fun. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,434420,24345456,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Drexiel,"Meh! Fair gameplay, short story, nice soundtrack, not a total waste. (Also, almost naked girls, not so bad)"
12345678912354678,Not Recommended,434420,24807433,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ᅚ,"tldr: i wouldn't recommend the game, there are much better rpg's for the same priceI don't really know what i've expected, i guess it was too muchI have played lots of (cheap) rpg maker games, but this is by far the worst.The Story is really cheap, the (boss)fights are really easy and you can't explore anywhere (you need item X before you can get there).Maybe 10 years ago the game would be decent, but today you can get much better games for the same priceThey tried to make puzzles, but they're so easy and non-challenging that you can't call them that.In the end there is a ""nice"" puzzle with some questionsIn the Title screen, is God'S Tear on the left or right? What has your mother left? Name of the ""sacred village"". How long was the war? How old is Edge?i mean come on, maybe it was because i stopped playing ages ago after 50% and just started today from that point.But whats the point of a stupid♥♥♥♥♥""puzzle"" like this with 10 questions?Overall:Good:+ easy Achievements+ good music+ cheap?Neutral:not challengingdrawing (but why are the women almost naked?)Bad:- no character development (not even a tiny bit)- bad story- short- nothing to explore- really bad ""puzzles"" (just let them out if you cant make decent ones)-unneeded cliffhanger"
76561198289853916,Recommended,434420,29597771,Posted: 30 January,all,creed462,Really simple old school rpg  a little on the easy but fun
,Recommended,434420,23640140,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,louisly,"Forget that you're in 2016 and this becomes a really good game.The pros :- It looks good. The fact that it's 2D doesn't matter, for a 2D gameboy-like game it's quite good- The music is really good, and honestly when paying it 37 cents on sale I wasn't expecting something this good- It's relatively long, especially for an indie game- The story is mainstream but not badThe cons :- The lack of indications, I've found myself wondering what to do a couple of times- it's waay too easy, that's not especially a bad thing but it makes combat a bit boring. Not too bad though because the fights are quick- No way of changing the controls, if you don't have a QWERTY keyboard it can be weird to play (I have a french keyboard, it wasn't too bad but frustrating)I bought this game as a joke when I saw the price but I ended up liking it, so maybe you will too ;)"
76561198093378763,Not Recommended,434420,26624559,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,gallaghan2000,"Unimaginative and boring, the inclusion of character art and a means to keep grinding from being too repetative (the training area) kept me from being too angry at the shortness and it actually came close to getting a recommendation from me... the obvious excuse to have a sequel decided it in the negative. I know you can do better guys, please put together something truly worth playing if you're going to call upon memories of the Dragon Warrior/Quest series. DW3 is way better than this as an NES game with much worse graphics.Seriously, don't be lazy."
,Not Recommended,434420,25299462,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Azul Lazul,"Nah. I almost went brain dead when the protagonist mentions that he visits his mother's grave to his sibling(?) Only for her to ask ""How is she?""I won't lie the music is awesome. But the game is generic. The sprites that are used are puzzling as well. You have to face a dark skinned black haired woman at one point but in battle she's a light skinned blue haired sprite.There are some cool secret bosses that actually make you use SOME strategy. But if you want something more than a brain killing RPG that offers easy achievements and steam cards then search elsewhere.Oh and there's no actual nudity."
,Not Recommended,434420,29681387,Posted: 3 February,all,McLovin 69,How to make this game:Step 1: Have absolutely zero talentStep 2: Try selling the product with the intent of just cashing in on poor saps that fall for this trashStep 3: Throw in bikini anime chicks because reasonsStep 4: Copy + Paste RPG Maker assets without having anything unique to offer.Step 5: Do not use any popular RPG games as a reference material.Step 6: Refer back to step 1.DO NOT BUY THIS TRASH.
,Recommended,434420,26006994,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Quipticon,"Relatively generic. If you're buying a $2 RPG advertised with scantily clad anime girls, you know what you're getting."
76561198052395681,Not Recommended,434420,21152947,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Zokarthunder,I just wished the dev were honest about their description.......This and after seeing the reviews (unfortunately after purchasing this game) makes me NOT want to take any chances on buying anything indie or other greenlight type games!
,Not Recommended,434420,24303203,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Nexiu,"If you are the type of person who walks into an ice cream shop, looks at all the flavors and combinations and then decides on vanilla, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,434420,23744067,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SilvanasMax,"In honor of Baby's First RPG...Standard review introduction here.Expansion of general feelings on game.List of pros and cons to persuade the reader.Summary of pros and cons in two sentences.Thanks to the reader.---Cons:- Stock sprites (including some recognizable from other games), recycled graphics (the ladies's sprits in particular).- Jarring transitions from one location or mode of travel to another (i.e. the boat and airship are like a rave on meth).- Easy to fix typos, script errors, and just overall cringy writing (""Oh damn."")- A mix of ""Go to here, player"" followed by ""What the hell do I do next?!""- A linear game that somehow still manages to get you lost.- Chapter crawls that summarize what you just did and what you were just told, seconds ago.- Mazes...oh the mazes.  Short, insufferable mazes that either dump you back to start for no reason, repeat themselves, and are reused again at the end.- Inconsistent...well, everything.- Unskipable...well, everything.- It's only part 1, evidently.  You find this out only at the end.Mehs:- Graphics for the enemies in battle are decent, but the characters pose like the New York Community Ballet Troupe for some reason.- Tropes abound.  TV Tropes may have actually had writting credits.  The Black Knight (named ""???"", no lie) is the protagonists father.  Spoiler.  No really...his father.  The one missing.  And it revolves around a sword.  And they battle while a greater power urges them.....look, just go re-watch Star Wars.Pros:- Boobs.  Lots of boobs.  Seriously, boobs with tops that would fall off by simply turning around.  Luckily their nips are rock hard so they hold the tops up.- The end-game trial that involves a 10 question quiz on what you learned in the game, as given by ""Fourth Wall Man"".  Answers: 2,2,2,4,1,2,2/3/2,2,2,2.  There, I saved you 20 long boobless minutes.- Also, boobs.Despite the long list of cons, I am recommending this game ONLY because it is on sale for $0.49US and you will get some good chuckles out of it.  Good way to kill an afternoon."
68976247685943891,Recommended,434420,24441150,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Maki1Love,Good game
,Recommended,434420,24478288,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),Enjoyable and relaxing old-school RPG.
76561198281692664,Recommended,434420,24599010,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,WorstFakU,Very good and fun game 10/10 MLG
,Not Recommended,434420,24269453,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lily Shine,For 50 cents its an alright time killer I suppose...but honestly paying anything more than a dollar for this game just isnt worth it. For one I think all the women in this game are incredibly cold wearing next to nothing as every female characters nipples are rigid...like 24/7. The protaginast is a whiny angsty ♥♥♥♥♥ to...something you'd expect I suppose considering the games quality.
,Recommended,434420,31479884,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr. Alucard,"Finished the game in -+ 5 hours. Worth the 1$, even better when on sale."
76561198081858951,Recommended,434420,22386178,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fish964,"Nice little game for RPG fans, very reminiscent of the old Dragon Quest games. Good story, likeable characters but not a very long game. Expected play-time: Around 4 hours long. Also not challenging but still fun none the less. You get what you get for the price you pay."
76561198134191799,Recommended,434420,22447516,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,WrathOfWolf,"It is 2D rpg with 5 hours playtime, worth of price.Pros:+ Cheap - i get it for 37 cents on 75% sale+ Story - it is short, but ok+ Sound+ Achievements - all working, not too hard to get+ Easy puzzles+ Combat - Not hard to get into it, good idea with separating special and magic attack.Cons:- No nudity - It is fine with me, but there shouldn't be that tag and woman in bikini talking about world destruction . . .that's lowering game severity- Missing some journal - you get instroction only once- Missing map - you can spend lot of time searching for something, cos you know only it is on NW.- Missing auto button in combat - It is not necessary but would be nice not to push enter 10x only cos i want to all autoattack- several bugs"
,Recommended,434420,32027191,Posted: 28 May,all,Colo,"Not very long, in depth, or difficult, but it's definitely fun for what it is and what it costs. Although the nudity tag isn't correct, haha."
,Recommended,434420,32199619,Posted: 5 June,all,Tek 36,"Really good time passer. Enjoyable gameplay, story and characters. In saying that, you get what you pay for. It's not made by a group of talented and experienced people. It's by a few passionate individuals. An awardless, fun time.Great for casual, quick gaming. Not great for in-depth story driven gamin."
,Recommended,434420,24016867,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kollie,"Bought this game in a massive pack bundle for cheap. Now I know why it is so cheap.However, it did kill a few hours of my time which was great, 5/7."
,Recommended,434420,28699805,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mizari,forever RPG XD
,Not Recommended,434420,23913726,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bruudwin,"lackluster rpg maker game.typical rpgmaker music sprites background everything. nothing originallackluster typical doesn't necessarily want to be the hero, hero.Hardly any story, uses all the tropes.no journal \ quest book to help you remember where you need to go unlike all the other rpgmaker games.  So i wasted a bit of time sailing around the globe trying to find out where to go.If you got this game on a perversion like i did. there is no nudity. only what you see in the  screen shots.the 3 playable female characters are as shown in the screenshots.  no. damned. clothes. on.  just pointy bras.in the steam video it shows a lot more gameplay and clothes then what you actually get. i found that blimp but i couldn't access it!!!   and it shows the women with clothes\armor on!?! they're just 'bra & panty' flesh!?!game might have a sequel it seems. 'to be continued'game beaten in 3 ish hours.  probably would've been a lot faster had i known not to exploit a boss battle 20 times and continued on to the next area.only reason why it says i spent 10 hours on this game. the first 7 were for idlemaster oddly enough.weird silly bugs galore.  i farmed a boss battle since after you defeat it, it pops up right again and you can farm all you want.some npcs you talk to, depending on the angle, they'll change into other character sprites.exa.  i was talking to a wounded man. if ya talked to him from an up\down angle he'll turn into an old man. left\right he remains the same."
76561198332420711,Not Recommended,434420,29356737,Posted: 19 January,all,Leya,"Kinda meh. It was short, ends in a cliffhanger, story was very cliche and characters could really use some more clothes. I do enjoy looking at these almost naked ladies, but c'mon. Do really all of them need to be barely clothed? Also text was sometimes painful to read and english isn't even my first language!"
,Recommended,434420,29453439,Posted: 23 January,all,Porknsoup,"I was glad this game didn't really have any nudity! I enjoyed the story through the whole game, the map needed some easier way of getting around considering it felt like I was discovering a new world every time I went around in my ship. They kept saying ""Go NW or SW or NE of here... and you would... to no avail. The directions in this game are completely off and made me throw up multiple times. I had to get used to the quirky controls even though I'm using a controller. The battles are somewhat decent and the xp/money ratio to lvl of monsters and difficulty in defeating them never really added up. I had it in my ""Not Interested"" pile for the longest time but I kept getting the 75% off coupons or 90% off coupons from Steam TCG so I finally figured I would get it after I saw that there was no real nudity in it. Glad I got it, because it had a great story! Just... ~.~* Either make dlc for an ending or make the second game already. AND WHY GIVE A WEAPON DROP ON THE LAST BOSS IF YOU CAN'T EVEN PLAY PAST HIM TO FIGHT BAD GUYS?! GARRRRRR!!!!Story 4/5Gameplay 2/5Overworld 0/5Overall story makes up for the game so 4/5. LOL"
76561198067453339,Not Recommended,434420,21006300,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,「Brutal Taco」,"I'm going to be honest, this feels like a generic RPG from the early 90's, made by some 16 year old Naruto fanboy. The half naked girls are just their for the sake of catching the commoners attention. Seriously, the main character's design fits his name. No wonder this game's only $1.19I can't believe I let my♥♥♥♥♥♥do the thinking."
,Recommended,434420,28553434,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Anh.phies,"Fun, short game"
76561198008463364,Not Recommended,434420,28515043,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,reapernight,not like chrono trigger and to be continued really
,Recommended,434420,23595559,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,thatquirkycat,"Despite everything, and the boobs, it's not that bad of a game. It's not amazing, but it's pretty alright. It's a good time killer. The story is interesting."
76561198069648985,Not Recommended,434420,23394883,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,a medical doctor,It's like a parody of bad RPG maker games and stupid fanfiction written by fat teenage girls except it's not a parody at all.
,Recommended,434420,34338854,Posted: 18 August,all,Zephtus,Why not go on an adventure wearing only your underwear ?-Every companion from your party
,Recommended,434420,21404212,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Seraphep,"First of all, I want to state that I am a big fan of RPG games and I quite enjoy playing even the RPG-Maker ones, no matter how they look, as long as they have a story to tell (and some bikini babes to show :P ) ^_^Pros:- short RPG (completed with all the achievements in less than 4h) so ideal for an short gaming session- Characters have a level cap of 30, which still makes the final battles a little bit interesting (with use of consumables)- Achievements- Steam Trading Cards- Nice array of spells and abilities- Price Tag- A not so awesome but neither bad story, could have been better with some little extra effortCons:- Maybe a bit too short for my tastes, maybe a couple hours more of story would make a use for the later stuff / secret items- I would have loved the cards having the original art of the in-game characters (why Serenity... whyyy u got that evening dress now?!?!?!?!?) ^_^- Clunky way to get the energy needed to cast the biggest skills of the toons- The maps and the opponents usually looks (graphically speaking) not so nice, they could have been drawn better..So, if i have to weight the pros and the cons of this game i will say that the game got a positive one from me, not exceptional but still enjoyable; my final vote would be a 6.5/10Hope you have fun too playing this game ^_^"
76561198094826074,Recommended,434420,25474786,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Unknownman115,"Worth the money I spent, if you think its too expensive still, wait till its on sale. Also, heres a little something to tell you about where to find the ultimate weapons for each member, and the ice guardian exploit as well, but be warned, SPOILER ALERT BELOW.Side tip: Farming pays offthe ice guardian farming exploit: Yes, you can fight the boss over and over and over again for easy elixers and XP, but I suggest after level 20-25, head to Rosefalcon city to get higher/better stuff in the training facility/Edge's ultimate weapon, Gods wrath: Get it automatically after getting the holy crystal and during the storyline.Serenety's ultimate weapon, magic claw Zephyrus: Remember that dragons tooth or item you get after defeating Jen right before you get the holy crystal in Rosefalcom Kingdom? As well as that odd statue where you encounter rats after beating the orc? Well, go back to that odd statue, use the tooth on it, and slay the dragon for the tooth.Trinity's ultimate weapon, Magic sword Tyrfing: If you find the training building/facility in the Rosefalcon kingdom, to get this weapon it is also related to killing the strongest monster in the training facility (comes with a whopping 20-25k crystals and EXP!!!). However, be warned as this thing is VERY tanky, tough, and can deal TONS of damage in return, watch out for its nuclear attack and be stocked with healing items of sorts, use Serenity's special claw ability (100 tech points) if possible, for it ignores its defense stat.Myste's ultimate weapon, Magic want Azert: Near the end of the game, right after going to that unknown and unpopulated Island after getting the holy crystal and going into the cottage, as well as after seeing Edge's mom cutscene, go upstairs, interact with the Witche's pet (Cerebus), slay him for the special wand, however he is very tanky, but not as lethal as the demon god.If you read my review, thanks and now you know about where to get the ultimate weapons, and a few tips =P."
,Recommended,434420,31387639,Posted: 26 April,all,aqua,>play for hours>meet another girl with big boobs>wanna take a screenshot>press f12>back to main menu>lost all my progress12/10 would play again
,Recommended,434420,22583123,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Aya,"Manga RPG! this explains why there are so many ""boobies""... But! It's really an excellent RPG. Nice story. The characters are beautiful. A little bit too easy, I mean in the fights, but at least it leaves it free to access for all. A sequel would be welcome! I recommend it... warmly ;)"
,Not Recommended,434420,21368071,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Be Cool,I got this game when discount 75% coupon..I buy the game because the trading card is quite expensive..that's make me profit.This game boring..don't go serious with.
,Recommended,434420,33444954,Posted: 10 July,all,Damasceno,"A very interesting game, which is quite easy to 100%. This is the type of game that you get without expectations, and get a nice surprise. The added bonus is that this is a good project made with RPG Maker. The downsides about this game are the lack of higher resolutions and the plot, which is a bit shallow. .7.1 out of 10."
,Recommended,434420,21311511,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Myerax,"Just finished the game! Was really suprised of the game, it was a pretty good game but it lacks some features like in my opinion, i reckon they need a Monster HP Bar. A Map to see where you are going, things like those and also i really wish there was more in the game but i have no idea how this game is bad... In my opinion give this RPG game a try, you might like it! Especially when it comes to the girls in underwear but i actually enjoyed the story.Overall the game is great, about 7/10, could've gotten 8/10 from me if they just upgraded the screen resoultion and graphics, and add some hp bars and a map to see where you are going... Also great soundtracks for the game!"
,Recommended,434420,21737634,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Vienticus Prime,"You know, every once in a while I want to go back to those old RPGs like FFIV how I originally played them, but I want something fresh. This game did it for me, and the great thing was that it didn't wind up being a long, drawn out game. You get to go through the whole story in a couple of hours.If you're looking for a game with a lot of depth, this isn't for you. Actually, there were still a couple of bugs that I stumbled on, but the music is great and the artwork is fantastic, so all in all I think it was well worth picking up for the price."
,Recommended,434420,21659198,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Raiden25,10/10 The art and the story ;) also Jen is my favorite character.
76561198256849562,Recommended,434420,26819170,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xEgZo,"Boobs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)But seriously. That'a a very good RPG. Well made story.And that says me, that one guy who dont actually like thos kind of games8,5/10 becouse it not that original :/"
,Recommended,434420,24224736,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PINK✧OMEGA,"-When I first started playing The Chosen I didn't really like it but I was playing it directly after beating a more-well-made RPG-Maker game, so it seemed a little weak. But the more I played it, it's really not bad.-It is pretty short; It took me about 5 hours to beat it.-There was a part in the game that was ""broken"" where after a boss battle the boss never left the room so I could just talk to her again and do the fight all over and gain more money and XP. I exploited this, so I cannot complain XD"
76561198184452762,Not Recommended,434420,24337611,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,tuke,"My opinion is that game was too short :P id liked to play more but there came ""To Be Continued"" ... :P"
,Recommended,434420,24947798,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SaltyShale,"It's an entertaining game for $2. It's worth the money if you're looking for easy Steam badges and achievements.On to the real review, in case you want a game other than those reasons;The story is very generic, you've played it a thousand times, main character is destined to defeat evil (then again, that's a lot of plots). The game feels very generic, again, tons of games have done this style before, but better. So really, if everything about is generic, why do I recommend it? Because I want a sequal dammit. The ending was such a ♥♥♥♥ing cliffhanger, after an intense battle and a heart touching moment, it says ""To Be Continued..."" *Insert Roundabout* Sure it's an RPG Maker game, sure it's generic (combat, style), and the story starts out generic, but towards the end, in my opinion, it gets a little bit better. You can also get all the achievements in like 3-4 hours, that's including the beating the game. Major flaw in this game though; Heal 2 is opaf. Once your Mage gets it, you can easily cheese your way victory. I beat the ""hardest monster"" in the game by having my mage spam that move whenever an ally was in the yellow ( I think my party was 16,1718,20. So Heal 2 was basically a full heal)Plus, it's 2 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars.I give it a 5/10. I would say 4 for the cheese healing, andthat ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending, but the fact that the battle and scene before it were pretty good, and that now I'm very interested in the story to come (hopefully) it gives it one extra point."
,Not Recommended,434420,25791889,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,KDawg,Turrible.
,Recommended,434420,22397343,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SAKURA,Would be better if we could see the health of the enemies.
76561198099274185,Recommended,434420,23266405,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,St4ck,Actually a very good and simple rpg. If you play previous rpg most battles will be easy but still some challenges finding places and such without a map. Also it has achievements and trading cards.
76561198160455091,Recommended,434420,23317275,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,horizonnine,OMG I can't wait for the next one...or maybe I can hahaha o man this game...
,Recommended,434420,29449385,Posted: 23 January,all,A BRAND NEW CAR,"I can easily say that despite this being gifted to me, I would have dumped all of my fifty cents into this marvel of anime storytelling at the first glance. The Chosen RPG is an experience, a hidden gem of the RPG world; and most definitely not your generic roleplaying game. It'd be a disservice to refer to it as such. It tells its story in such a dynamic way, and with such a great understanding of the RPG player’s mindset, that it couldn’t have been told in any other way. It's a masterfully crafted wild ride that I won't forget any time soon for all the wrong reasons, and I would recommend this ♥♥♥♥ing dogshit to literally noone. I'm sorry."
,Recommended,434420,24342026,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,rageee,Восче топ игра просто афигенная (нет)
76561198143721450,Recommended,434420,22799530,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,QueenGothDoll,Pokemon rip off with half naked girls. That says it all.
,Recommended,434420,26399919,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ed209,"Putting the fact it is ""RPG Maker"" and ""uses defaults"" etc aside.. A fun game is always recommended, although it seemed very rushed towards the end. I was left with a lot of items I'm not sure had any purpose whatsover, which result in an empty feel to the game. Other then clickbait for the dev, the skimpy hentai approach serves no purpose, other then demeaning the final product.. I enjoyed the story regardless of its generic approach."
,Not Recommended,434420,23605249,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NordiLand,It's very bad.Why?Bad Level DesignBad DialogueBad FightsOnly Boobs
,Recommended,434420,26445523,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gor72z,"This game is very interesting and the story line is immersive,and i also like to play with anime based games..I never played story based rpg before, its my first,but i really love it, i couldn't stop it >.<""It worth just 1€, but its worth more for me :3 Thank you for the game, i really enjoyed it! ^^,(Sorry for my bad english)"
,Recommended,434420,22527649,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Tsunamisan,Short game.  it was  decently  fun for the price.  No nudity even though it is tagged as  such  unless you cpunt a bathing suit.See  what they do in the 2nd part.
,Not Recommended,434420,33913897,Posted: 30 July,all,JayEmerd,I bought this game because it was a discount-Earth Bound (Mother series)...it fufills that obligation... :steamfacepalm: :steamsalty: why can't some of the characters wear decent clothing instead of... practically nothing! sigh... well at least Steam has it 18+ blocked.
,Not Recommended,434420,24287804,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Corrupted Kestrel,"This game isn't great. It also isn't soul-devouringly awful, so hey, at least playing it won't summon a horde of Dementors.Mostly, it just feels like a first draft--like they wrote the story, tossed together the environments, etc., and never bothered to proof it.One example, though minor, is very early on--in the very first dungeon, in fact. There are a bunch of injured/dead people, one of whom, when you speak to her, changes sprites into an old bearded man. I spoke to her several times just to confirm that yes, I really did tee dat puddy tat.Another example is after a specific boss battle; the boss never disappears, and speaking to it again will repeat the battle. I only did so once, by accident, but it seems to be an infinite loop.As for the rest...to keep from making this review way too long, I'll just sum up the problems:-It's full of glitches (though at least not game-breaking ones, in my experience) and has a general lack of polish.-Each party member, barring the (male) MC, goes around in nothing but her underwear. I was genuinely surprised when I met a female NPC with a portrait who was actually wearing clothes.-There is no quest log, so heaven help you if you aren't paying attention or forget where you're supposed to go.-It is in desperate need of a proofreader. Those commas are so spliced they feel like they just escaped from Rapture. There are also many typos and other errors.-It ends abruptly on a cliffhanger, complete with ""To Be Continued"". YMMV if you mind cliffhangers or not, but the ending really is quite sudden.Despite all that, the gameisstill fun; I just can't say I recommend it."
,Recommended,434420,31022713,Posted: 8 April,all,Captain Zireael,Great Game !! A bit short but worth the price for sure :D
76561198053137536,Recommended,434420,22751631,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Rumansky,"Very good game, I really enjoyed it. The story was nice, but quite short and easy.AnywayI recommend it 10/10.Hope we see the second part soon."
76561198116961304,Recommended,434420,22729497,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Aru BWK,The game is ok but it's easy so easy that you can focus on the fap while playing and complete the game.If you like rpg buy it with discount.
,Recommended,434420,31851958,Posted: 19 May,all,Zyke,"I found the game a solid, but not amazing JRPG style RPGmaker experience.Pros:+Short enough to beat, long enough to enjoy. The game doesn't drag on, or waste a lot of time so you can enjoy it for what it is and move on with your life.+Enough Hidden and optional areas and items to scratch that explorer itch. There's your standard potions in dressers, but finding that first hidden treasure room felt great.+ Game is good about keeping you informed of your objective, some might say too straight forward or linear, I say I don't mind a reminder of where the game wants me to go next.Nuetral::the Art is what it is, don't like RPG Maker art, or girls in underwear, then its a minus if you do its a plus. I will say in combat the titalating aspect of the art is less noticable, and I appreciated that the attack animations reflect your changing weapons even if the animations themselves are a bit underwhelming. Enemy sprites are also big and well done overall.:Combat is also a bit hit or miss. early on I liked old school JRPG turn based style, later on I thought boss enemies were unthreatening sacks of HP. Outside of when I explored areas I out of order only 1 enemy even KO'd a single party member.Cons:-The writing isn't great, and the characters don't get much depth. Most characters get 1-2 lines from an NPC in their village explaining how they were eiled for using magic or were orphaned. At best I'd call it servicable, and it doesn't drag on too long. Don't expect any huge emotional reveals or heart to hearts, or changes in motivation. the game tells its story simple and directly-Bit easy overall. Most ""puzzles"" could be brute forced with trial and error, random encounters don't really tax your mana or resources, and for most of the game the hero's weapon is significantly better than anythign his party members can do.- Couple scripting/event bugs where boss enemies would respawn or fight you again if you talked to them instead of leaving the room, and other inconsistencies of that sort.In conclusion, I enjoyed the game for what it was, the pet peeves i had overall were minor, and the game was short enough that I beat it before it over stayed its welcome."
,Recommended,434420,31905206,Posted: 22 May,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,"Game is.. alright for a dollar..The game was okey overrall and I did enjoy like 3 of my 4 hoursYou dont get 103538 hours of an rpgmaker game which is fine for me, I personally liked that it is a short story driven game which is what I was looking for. It is not a very good story but it is good enough yet I dont blame the scripters because you have like 3-4 hours of game so you dont get to be in touch with the characters almost at all.WARNINGS:There is a bug with one of the achievements (the dragon one.. save before going for it)possible minor spoiler:The grand finale in the castle is what left me with a sense of♥♥♥♥♥♥like there is unnecesary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you will have to deal with... and no its not monsters... but some ""keys"" you have to get and you have to go through some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ questions and couple more tasks..."
76561198165888588,Recommended,434420,32164147,Posted: 3 June,all,irelandvonvicious,Enjoyed it. The split into two games and leaving the ending for game two kind of sucks.6/10
76561198355947196,Recommended,434420,28983106,Posted: 3 January,all,sharladefoe,"I've only played this a few hours, but so far the story line is good."
,Recommended,434420,32952459,Posted: 28 June,all,Le Mystique,meh game its good for its money but the story line is a bit lacking
76561198400392605,Recommended,434420,33609955,Posted: 17 July,all,KonjikiNoYamiEve,I rate this game 10/10  for no matter what Serenity will ALWAYS have hard on nipples LUL
76561198390037942,Recommended,434420,33347160,Posted: 7 July,all,Tsukuyomi's_despair,"This  game very simple and short, also give you some exp,i like it!"
,Recommended,434420,27743091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HearthStone #RoadToLegendRank,Weeb Spiel
76561198109761645,Recommended,434420,27762732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,some-kind-of-crazy,"Awsome starter game , loved how the game gave you plenty of supplies an ability to upgrade easily."
,Recommended,434420,22537626,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,diabetic65,Nice♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,434420,22547007,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,In This World or the One Below,Enjoyable game with easy cards. Worth the money.
,Recommended,434420,22934236,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Caretoffel the Shoebill,"Well there isn't much to say about Chosen. It's quite the okay game. Chosen uses standart RPG Maker graphic's and the music sound's familiar too. Also I have to say the story was very generic and predictable, but even with all those thing's I enjoyed it and did not regret spending money for it.TL:DR: Everything is generic but still enjoyable.Also on the side thank's to the launcher that pop's up I got a free polarity key."
,Not Recommended,434420,27382230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ⓡⓞⓒⓚⓕⓘⓢⓗ00,This game is broken and controls don't work
,Recommended,434420,23983499,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
76561198062751391,Recommended,434420,30532794,Posted: 15 March,all,Lord Hollow,"I bought this game quite happly on sale for less than its already very resonable price and got about 7 hours of play & fun out of it and now have bought the sequel to follow, Simple classic RPG with cool spells cute girls and  a decent story if you can step off the high horse and simply enjoy a fun tale then this is for you and im sure you'll enjoy itI see alot of negitive reveiws if i could say something to that my simple opinon anyone who plays a game for more than 2 hours and posts a negitive review is ether unsatisfyed with the ending, Bad devs or toxic/dead comunity, or....quite honestly insane people who subjegated themselves to hours and hours of aparently unejoyable gameplay, dont exspect this game to fix your lifeFor 1$ you can hear heartwarming music cast spells and swing swords, Smight classic rpg enemys , Smile and laugh ( if your not dead inside remeber) So if your in the market for a modern classic have at it and have fun!"
,Recommended,434420,23450355,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[H]ypnotize,drop the ♥♥♥♥ing cards already!
76561198076557428,Recommended,434420,28755715,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,polednick,Its a short but fun game.For an RPG-Maker game its OK. The best part is that you can roam around.The only complaint: no map. The world is not that big. But I finished it after a longer break and the first hour I was guess where to go.Anyway even for full price you get a nice game.
76561198088599280,Not Recommended,434420,24170804,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,loufa,"You can download the game online (girls are fully clothed and Trinity is now Theo) link below.http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?/topic/25744-chosen/Overall, the game has a good story behind it, but there are a couple of bugs in the game (Ice Witch battle can be repeated)."
,Not Recommended,434420,23591826,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Batsutousai,"It wasn't a terrible way to waste a few hours, but it could have been better.As a rl editor, the errors in the text were...painfully distracting, to the point I had to walk away a couple times. Not a problem for everyone, I guess, but if you're the sort of person who shudders at grammar errors, beware.The storyline is relatively interesting, and most of the graphics aren't too bad. (The ladies' sprites need clothing, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, and the ridiculous size discrepancy between the enemies and your party is either hilarious or obscene, preference depending.)It's a little tough to get money in the beginning of the game, and the first time you walk into monster-infested territory may or may not end in character death, which is a bit crap. It's better once you get you first party member, though.All but two of the achievements are collected during the course of the storyline, so if you're looking for a relatively easy game to collect all the achievements for, this is it.Otherwise, I don't know that I'd suggest it."
,Recommended,434420,25667123,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cuddles,"Despite the game being fairly boring with the story and the confusing with the directions, the game is fairly fun and addicting. The achievements are beyond easy to get and it's about 4-5 hours of gameplay, probably more if you wanna grind for basically no reason. Anyways this game was fun and the ""nudity"" was a nice bonus too."
76561198111522097,Recommended,434420,23037759,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,White Wulf,B0000BS
,Not Recommended,434420,21417527,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,"""Eat the middle first"" Original",Got this for 75% off from the crafting coupons. Only bought it for the expensive cards
76561198241110368,Recommended,434420,22058568,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Chleba s plísní,I quite rocommend this game. If you like old claassic RPG game you should  try this. Who knows you may like it.
76561198169832138,Recommended,434420,32575784,Posted: 19 June,all,jwmmail,"If you are considering this title accept that it is only one part (the bigger part) of a two part project. When you buy ""Chosen"" you will want to buy ""Chosen 2"" at the same time. Together these two games form a single narrative. This narrative is a short (less than 10 hours) simple Ameri-JRPG. It doesn't do anything fancy and it doesn't try to.It is my suspicion that this game was a passion project and a training exercise for the developer. Part 1 ""feels"" a bit under polished. The combat is a little too easy. The protagonist travels with three female companions all of whom choose to travel in lingerie. This feels very amateurish, but also in its way feels very Japanese. The author consistently uses, ""your"" when they should be using ""you're"" … it's little things that make this game feel like a fledgling project.Part 2 takes noteworthy strides forward. The companion characters wear real clothes. The interface gets some polish. The combat is more balanced. It was early in Part 2 that I experienced my first total party death and game over screen. I suddenly became aware that I was going to have to pay more attention. The game isn't overly difficult, or even difficult. It just wasn't a ""cake-walk"" any more. That was better.But combat isn't really what this game (or other similar RPG-Maker games) is about. It's about a love for a dying genre of JRPG, and the stories that only these games can tell. It's the reason the we buy games like this. And, as yet another entry in the slog of RPG-Maker amateurware, Chosen doesn't do anything new. But, it doesn't do anything particularly wrong either. The story is well paced and sometimes interesting. You won't spend too much time trying to figure out where you need to go, or what you need to do. Everything is intuitive and the experience is smooth.I am going to keep my eyes on this developer because they have good instincts for this kind of game and how it should play. Because the best thing about Chosen and Chosen 2 is that I enjoyed playing them. These games are fun, and at the end of the day, isn't that what matters most?"
,Recommended,434420,22013294,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,qq ples,Recommend I got money for buying this game for 30 cent. Thank you volvo.
,Recommended,434420,21788445,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,e-pull,"pretty good game tho, the characters pretty legit. but not really worth it :D"
,Recommended,434420,22155413,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Wollonof,"Loved this game so much that I made a walkthrough of it, would recomend to anyone who enjoys final-fantasy esque RPGs who has a couple hours to kill.https://youtu.be/hN7vJyu4sfA"
76561198073088368,Recommended,434420,21340319,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Silent One,"I've just finished this game a few minutes ago and I have to say that it isn't bad....but it does have some issues like the directions not being correct and you'll walk around circles trying to figure out where to go. However, if you are looking for a short RPG to play through then The Chosen is for you."
,Recommended,434420,27837822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Мальчишка Братиш,Not very good story though
,Not Recommended,434420,31561612,Posted: 5 May,all,papi <3,not that great of a game. i would just be stuck in one room with a door and two men
76561198241585916,Recommended,434420,21404444,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Comanchero,It's really nice game BUT I didn't see any of nudity I was expected :D well... if u know what I mean ABOUT REALLY HENTAI. Anyway this game cost only 1.50Eur so it's really worth it to buy it.
76561198084208837,Recommended,434420,21229570,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,OIHighRollerIO,This game is very well thought out and the combat system is good too. The story is very immersive and I can attach myself to the characters. I'm very much looking forward to the sequel.
,Not Recommended,434420,34361975,Posted: 19 August,all,Negan,No bruh
76561197992339898,Recommended,434420,27826543,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,veliur,"Okey so the game was pretty short I passed this in 2h and this story was kinda fun and interesting. The most best thing was the soundtrack, like I enjoyed listening it so much. Can't wait for sequel! :) and it was also very cheap game. I would fully recommed to buy this and enjoy."
76561198249061358,Recommended,434420,28989844,Posted: 3 January,all,Super Robato,"I bought this game on good deals sale. Game was short, but it take awhile if your not the type of person that pays attention of the stroy.The peeps that created ""The Chosen RPG"" deserve a a pat on the back.Then there something that caught me off gaurd, and it was the .............................................................................................................................To Be Continued....."
,Recommended,434420,23595970,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,VaselinaChoco,"3 hours of a Classic RPG, anime boobs, and a straight story line"
,Not Recommended,434420,23318893,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,swegbun,Not impressed. There were not enough boobies in the first 10 minutes. The screenshots are misleading.
76561198142343663,Recommended,434420,29161618,Posted: 10 January,all,Đặng Hưng,I can't play game!!!! Please support me
76561198178021367,Not Recommended,434420,23073357,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,wearbird3747,k wear the full game at for 10 buck not worth it
,Recommended,434420,26139915,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"Fun game that took me back to the old Final Fantasy days, but with some skantily clothed female characters.I was able to play most of the game without having to look to the internet for hints, though some of the later areas you will need to find help in order to keep the story going on course.Old school grinding helps, but isnt really required till the very last boss.Decent storyline. I was able to beat the game in about 5.5 hours, then had to do some old save backtracking to get 100% achievements; getting my playtime to close to 7 hours.All in all, im glad i bought this game. The developer has made a few more, and from reading the reviews, they have only gotten better :)"
,Recommended,434420,27409369,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aльфa дед,Really good game I liked it a lot
,Recommended,434420,23788153,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pr0teusHD,i love rpgs
76561198044534873,Not Recommended,434420,24304242,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TaterSwift,I bought this game with money I got from trading cards. I think I should have kept the cards.
,Recommended,434420,33167046,Posted: 2 July,all,[OMA] Dark-Noir,"One of the better ""RPG Maker"" games. The story is okay and i needed more than 6h to finish the game with all achievements, stuff and max. level.For under 1€ its a good game!"
76561198076822069,Recommended,434420,33023932,Posted: 29 June,all,jktalarek,I enjoyed this quick game. It is fun for a short time passer and the story line is simple. This game in good when you get it on sale.
,Recommended,434420,27837204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,griffox,nice and cheap game for true RPG players. pros gives trading cards :*
,Recommended,434420,31443899,Posted: 29 April,all,Vladamir Stupuko,Left my PC on and forgot to close game10/10 would leave on again
,Recommended,434420,23297195,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Raffael_CH | su-ts.com,"A surprisingly good game. The beginning was a bit harsh, but it was definitely worth it.Can't wait for more... ;)"
76561198100659038,Recommended,434420,22495521,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,楚轩,very good
,Recommended,434420,22408855,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Cloptata,good
76561197967779188,Recommended,434420,23640195,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Der alte Kanonier,"Cheap and short, you get what you paid for... and Boobs... big Boobs ;)"
,Recommended,434420,30621165,Posted: 19 March,all,Lumina,"I got this game in a rpg maker bundle and looking at the store page and seeing that it is only 75P, it is a steal :)As you would have come to expect from rpg maker games, this game looks like the original final fantasy's, while it use's some of the same noise's that are in other rpg maker games like when you go through doors etc. it does not take anything from the game, I have just decided to tell myself that all the rpg maker games are set in the same universe which is why some noise's are the same.My time in game is not representative of how long the story of the game actually takes as I am a grinder; so some of that time was spent grinding my characters, that leads me on to the one down side I found about this game, your people are capped at lvl 30, as a grinder that did not take too long for me to do, after I got my final team member I found a good place to grind and got all my people lvl 30 and still had like 2 chapters of the game left, obviously that will not be a problem for everyone.The amount of spells in this game is the best I have seen from a rpg maker game so far, a lot of ""special"" skills as well which each character has their own set.The stroy is decent and ends on a cliff hanger to set up the second one that I also have and plan to play, the music in the game is relaxing apart from the starting town, that music gets on your nerves after the first couple of minutes and of course in battles the music is more beaty like you would expect from battle music.I was very pleased with this game and happy that I came across it, if I had to buy it seperatly for it's 75P price I would in a instant, I would even had brought the game for more than that if I have this preknowledge of the game."
76561198162759095,Not Recommended,434420,25717379,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kay_Da_Slaya,It`s a fun game exept THERE IS NO NUDITY  i don`t know how or what i`m doing wrong if anyone that has this game and has seen any nudity in it plz tell me where im going wrong
76561198008389361,Not Recommended,434420,24175073,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mr. Finn,Full controller support my left♥♥♥♥♥cheek
76561197982781611,Recommended,434420,28339208,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TylerFritos,"A nice JRPG quickie thats fun, the character dialogue is such♥♥♥♥♥♥its hilarious but gameplay is fun. And poorly drawn tig ol  bitties that defy physics."
,Recommended,434420,23814872,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,434420,34682894,Posted: 2 September,all,Blattgestruepp,I see Titis I buy
,Recommended,434420,24043623,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nep-Nep,"For cards, maybe, cool :D"
76561198091822138,Recommended,434420,24030225,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Black Lotus,"I'm a simple peasant, I see big udders, I recommend."
,Recommended,434420,20972147,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WyzAntz,You can see the my first impression review of the game in the video below for more details. Overall it is not a bad game for the price you are getting. Very few bugs if any and very reminscent of the RPGs played on the SNES. Not a bad game overall for it being made with RPG Makerhttps://youtu.be/NCscKy3zR3c
,Recommended,434420,22264028,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Just Quit,this sucks soo hard to find the graveyard
,Recommended,434420,26237058,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ex-obeso que de uma repaginada,cringe
,Recommended,434420,29082857,Posted: 7 January,all,[ZDG] Asix Seleven,Simply Beautiful!
,Recommended,434420,23628796,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Re:Vert ☆,I don't play it for the plot...
,Recommended,434420,28071063,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chr0me_,The chosen RPGGraphics:-Pixelated world is super fun as much as a realistic games world is.-Cool and different design in my opinion.-No lagging overall.Gameplay:-Cool story with a fitting context.-Characters well designed.-Smooth and easy controls.-Amazing overall.Things that could be better for the game:-An options menu thanks.-Battles more often.-Extended map.My personal review is that the game has a nice story with a fitting game like this. The pixelation worked perfectly same with the characters. A extended map would have been fun because it will make you explore more. A bad thing is that there is no option button. So you cant change volume at all or graphics overall.It is a fun game and I rate 8/10. Defently a steal for being at 2$/2€ almost.
76561198276951168,Recommended,434420,28116648,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vash,this is a really good game i hope there is a second one
,Not Recommended,434420,23971051,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,take a ride on my big green dicc,kanser
,Not Recommended,434420,24328819,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Luther,"Kids, this is why you should not download boobs."
,Not Recommended,434420,30147406,Posted: 24 February,all,Send Help,"Okay, i have one question: why are all the girls that can join your party in underwear? Like honestly! It just takes me out of the game. And it isn't like this is the only problem with this game, because everything is SO ♥♥♥♥ING BLAND. Like honestly, everything is just an asset. The combat is bland, the story is bland and the graphics are so ♥♥♥♥ING BLAND. You're probably going to say ""oh you  have 14 minutes in this game? ♥♥♥♥ YOU YOU'RE OPINIONS ARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!"".I have played the game more offline, ok?Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this review got a off track real fast."
,Not Recommended,434420,25286836,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BABI AVATAR WIBU SEMUA,"I 've finished this game, but still much less in the game"
,Recommended,434420,31989093,Posted: 26 May,all,"DJ Salt ""Flavorlicious"" Bae",GOOD
76561198075197208,Recommended,434420,24077462,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fanta,classic rpg game....so basic...hope theres 2nd The Chosen
,Recommended,434420,25162712,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[Weed] Shelshocker,Love the game... kinda easy for me ^-^
,Recommended,434420,22380556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,Reminds of a Pokemon game that I had played in the past. But this game is sexier. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 10/10
,Not Recommended,434420,30440303,Posted: 10 March,all,Sidney,meh
76561198044229474,Not Recommended,434420,22747340,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","Just like how every teenager with a computer is a DJ, anyone with RPG maker is a developer.This is a....game. Simple RPG like many before it. Using the guise of ""adult"" via underwear models, I can see this being shameless bait for young gamers to pick up and ""try"" as they fap to nothing. Only made a mild dent into the title personally but after the badge drops triggered I felt no desire to complete the game. With that said, this is a let-down on many levels.If it wasnt dirt cheap or didnt support badge / achievement progression, id flag this as garbage. Kinda garbage."
,Recommended,434420,29620272,Posted: 31 January,all,celery23,best game 2018 lots of naked women would recommend 	👍👍👍👍
,Not Recommended,434420,26411964,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,张牧之,SERVER ERROR!
,Recommended,434420,26060333,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bacta Baby,I thought and I was hoping it to have some hentai action. But I guess not. Not a bad game tho.
,Recommended,434420,22281810,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Soran,bog boos character!
,Not Recommended,434420,23268585,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Seventh,WORST GAME IN THE WORLD....NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY.BUT IF YOU LIKE TO LOOK AT BOOBS...I RECOMMEND YOU BUY IT XD
,Not Recommended,434420,29297311,Posted: 16 January,all,Rich Kristofer,my dad isnt proud of me
,Recommended,434420,32107397,Posted: 1 June,all,Xia,"meet a bunch of girls in underwear and fight againist the great evil. buy weapon and armors so that you can find them 5 minutes later lying around in randomly placed chests.tho... i keep coming back for the battle mode musicdidnt play the whole game but hopefully the girls will put some clothes on themi mean that blondie has iron plated underwear with hand thingies for dog sakeyes, i wrote 'dog' not 'god'"
,Not Recommended,434420,24375104,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Rafael Cardenas,"Well, I expected a little bit more. Standard RPG Maker game, only positive moment is the crafting badge, otherwise, pass on."
76561197976389104,Recommended,434420,23644508,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,shoemister|emo_ninja of FFX,loved this game
76561198202193058,Recommended,434420,30225458,Posted: 27 February,all,hiiri666,This is a very nicely done game and i like the nudity and anime very much. Thank you for making it. So many new childhood memories were made. <3 :DDDD
,Recommended,434420,24161268,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
,Not Recommended,434420,23446568,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,paws,"Don't really understand the point of the game or what it's trying to say. It has it's pros, but it's really weird. Not really sure what to say about it"
,Recommended,434420,24043462,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Johnny Test Fanboy,P-E-R-F-E-C-T:)
,Recommended,434420,20958178,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,P O W E R,Game kinda brought me back to the old school days of when turn-based J-RPGs were actually a thing. I would recommend this to an RPG fan to atleast give this game a try. It's surprisingly not bad at all.
76561198147553432,Recommended,434420,20958883,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,GodOfSaints,Review after about 40 minutes of gamelay.for only a few dollars this game is worth it. ill list some of the cons and prospro:characters look pretty cool.sound track is pretty good 4/5combat is pretty simple but gets really boring.con:boring combatstory is ok but isn't greatin all definally worth giving this game a shot.
76561198040422007,Not Recommended,434420,22386969,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Lukasblade2,Don't be fooled..... DON'T BE FOOLED
76561198108031310,Recommended,434420,21121389,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,Great soundtrack!
,Not Recommended,434420,23401110,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MrVariant,"This transforming drunk person bug I am linking to demonstrates the lack of effort in this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atsZRkJhj_UTo sum up this game, it has lazy attack animations, you have to wait until level 6 to get special moves, which are really lame (strong attack and tackle sound like first level pokemon attacks) and bosses actually waste turns waiting and doing nothing. The dialogue is nothing to write about too, stopping some big bad dark knight and then I quit after fighting the God's Tear sword to prove myself, but he isn't even a challenge given the fact he waits and does nothing sometimes too."
,Recommended,434420,21552629,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,moose_irl,"Based on the reviews, I expected this to be pretty terrible. It's actually a pretty decent, if simple, RPG. I got it with a coupon, so I paid something like 70cents. That's pretty good for a game that I got a solid four hours of gameplay out of (my registered time is much higher, I played this mostly during work). The art is nice and the music is fine. Yes, it could do with some more world expanding, but there were a fair amount of enemies and enough 'quests' to keep from getting repetative. The small map was disappointing, but it did pretty well with the limited space. The story was your generic JRPG-style plot, but there's nothing wrong with that. I'm not sure why the girls were all in underwear, but it's not like that detracted from the story at all.If you want a casual, short, cheap RPG to waste a few hours on, I'd say this is well worth it, especially on sale."
76561198003034155,Recommended,434420,26099170,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Morgit,Pretty decent game
,Recommended,434420,23826071,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Benson⎝͠҉̭̫͖̗ͅ,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Recommended,434420,31235441,Posted: 19 April,all,j e d e y,not bad
,Not Recommended,434420,24092592,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[CPC] Chiff,I want my 0.48 euros back.
76561198053644420,Not Recommended,434420,29341332,Posted: 18 January,all,Kim Jong-zen,I was Chosen to dislike this game.
,Recommended,434420,20974129,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,rain,great gameplay ( . )( . ) 10/10
,Recommended,434420,28769066,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dennis,"I don't even need to play this in order to know that it's good, because it has an anime girl in it, which is good. You'll probably enjoy this, maybe.If you want to get down and dirty for some kinky stuff call me RAWR ;)"
,Recommended,434420,20959805,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kennpachi~Ramasama,I'D BUY THIS FOR A DOLLAR!!!!
,Recommended,434420,23633832,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Suo,Any weeb game gets my upvote.
,Recommended,434420,33054735,Posted: 30 June,all,Planker300,very good :D (boobies)
,Recommended,434420,31564666,Posted: 5 May,all,,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐▐▐░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐▐░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐▐░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░▐▐░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐▐░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐░▐▐▐▐▐░▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐░░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░▐▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐░░░░▐▐░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░▐▐░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░▐▐░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░▐▐░░▐▐▐▐▐▐▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,434420,20955801,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Eeyk,So first of all i've play the game for only 10 minutes then i quit because i gone make a let's play about this game.it looks nice no errors so far!Thumbs up for this game because i love to support this kind of projects!
,Not Recommended,434420,30817756,Posted: 29 March,all,B a l l a g e,This game is bad.There are a lot of game like this which are much better than this. Story is short. Sexist game.But you can do all achievements and you can play with any controller.And you can get trading cards.
,Not Recommended,434420,31147450,Posted: 14 April,all,storaGe 👿,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game, I idled in it and everyone thinks I'm a weeb now♥♥♥♥ YOU ALL"
76561198214372035,Recommended,434420,30741626,Posted: 25 March,all,RSquiers2,I enjoyed this game. The story was good and decent character development. The achievements was not too hard but not too easy. I wish it was longer but it was good as is. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a good but easy game or wanting to get achievements.The only time I feel you may need to grind is the beast slayer achievement depending on what your level is during the story when you get to Rosefalcon Town
,Not Recommended,434420,24012331,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Diathedia,"All the girls in this game are poorThey can only afford undiesSad :(After finishing the story:Oh good Lord it has a sequel.The story is way way wayyyy too cliche and obvious that I can see everything way right from the very very very start. Even the naming is so cliche I don't even....Still, creator, have a heart. Give them some clothes."
76561198263118188,Recommended,434420,23700823,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KnowOne,"so ... after checking out some of the other reviews and discussion topics , I just felt  that this game deserved to be given due credit for the simple fact that it represents where almost every RPG that is , or will be , on the market came from ... Fun , Story driven , and  nice Anime based Graphics ...  So my two cent's worth says ... enjoy , and be glad that some good folks are still keeping the home fires alive ... To everyone on the Development Team ... thank you for continuing to put out a great product for all of us  to play !!!"
76561198094907786,Not Recommended,434420,23693364,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sugaryuyu,"So here I am just 40 Minutes in btw.And after those 40 Minutes there was one thing that really poked me in the eye.There seems to be no love or detail for this game.The girls are barely clothed with some nipple action going on.Well thats obviously for fanservice or for luring some people in to buy it.Well but now to my point that theres no love or detail for this, basicly the town got invaded, I had a sprite error infront of the pub. Everybody in the pub was still the same, not even seem to know of an Invation even the woman outside kept going on taking care of her crops.And even when I had the holy sword of the village, nobody even reacted to that, Having the villages most precious item.For now my impression is that the person behind this didnt seemed to let it et tested by somebody or anything. The game just seems super lazy and some points with multiple graphic errors.I may do another review when I change my mind.But I honestly cant recommend it if you look for more than revealing ladies with hard nipples.Sincerely~Yuyu"
,Recommended,434420,23694895,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tikka,It was fun BUT SAVE OFTEN i accidentally pressed f12 and welp
,Recommended,434420,23995651,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mikebluex csgoatse.com,"I was extremely sceptical about buying the 21 game bundle for 3 bucks, but I gotta admit that there are some very good games on this bundle. The Chosen RPG is one of them. I have never really enjoyed JRPG's until I played this and greyfox, both were on this bundle. So even though I do recomend this game there are a couple things that I do not like about it. First of all there are to many boobs for no reason, i don't even think it's really attracting at all. Pretty much every single girl in this game has cleavage, and all the people on your team just have bras on. About a little less than 1 hour in it got pretty boring and I HAD to take a break, but coming back to it today it was much better. So the later game is definitly much better than the beginning. So in the end, I am very excited for The Chosen 2 RPG when it comes out, which I hope is soon!"
76561198213274019,Not Recommended,434420,24016072,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,richard_cheang,"I dont mind if the story line is bad, but no MAP? DOZEN OF TIME SEARCHING FOR PLACES RATHER THAN ENJOYING THE GAME."
,Not Recommended,434420,23883337,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,【Tainted】,"I played less than one hour.As a hardcore RPG gamer, all I can say isThe blend of RPG VX + Final Fantasy combat format is skrub.Skrub story, Skrub conversation box speed, Skrub format, Skrub character, Skrub imbalance.Everything skrubby.     .-.Skrubby sword straight away in the starting of the game, more than 500hp for a level3 char. Halp. Wad is all these logic.I was expecting it to be.. fun.Apparently not.So much for RPG in my disappointment.FFS, in short.For the game :...No.just  no."
76561198105222599,Recommended,434420,23909002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,reee,ehh bought in bundle  .99
76561198143029690,Not Recommended,434420,23913101,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,gamm,Short easy RPG did everything in less than 3 hours... but there were bewbs... not really.Some story places are bugged and the story itself felt really rushed and there was no time for development to enjoy.
,Recommended,434420,23900910,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Spritzkopf Larry,Nice c:
76561198021994154,Recommended,434420,22853355,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Seismic Gravity,"It's a short game. I bought it for the women in minimal clothing. That part was unsatisfying... But it's on Steam, can't expect too much.Overall, the game is very straightforward; the personalities of the party all harmonize well together. I feel the balance between equipment prices against the enemy drops is a bit skewed, I spent a good hour grinding just for money.I'll be looking for the next game.5/10 - Simple, decent."
76561198127900141,Recommended,434420,22798599,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mouse Princess,i love it
,Recommended,434420,22892634,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Maniveol,not a bad game but nothing great either. for $2 or less cant realy complain about anything. the story+100% everthing with grinding mobs and what not will net you about 4-5 hours of game play out of this. the story is ok nothing special.to the creator would just say few bugs in game that aloud for easy grinding and a unlimted amount of elixers and the fact that all 3 girl chars where in the same outfit made it kind of eh.would say if u like this style game and dont mind somthing that would only keep u busy for that amount of the time go for it.
76561198197234309,Recommended,434420,22724790,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,lddake,"I liked this game. It isn't very long, so if you are looking for a world to get immersed in this isn't it. It isn't horribly difficult, but it can be if you go further ahead to areas you haven't been told to go yet. Which is actually kind of easy to do as there is no map function. There is a small amount of side content not required for the actual main quest line and I always appreciate that. If you like old school RPG's I think it's worth the cost. Overall I'd rate the game about a 7 out of 10. For what it costs it's definitely worth it.And btw, there is no nudity. Don't know how that tag got put on there. Scantily clad yes but thats in the trailer video. I guess if you're looking to see boobies don't buy this game. How about going to get a girlfriend instead?"
76561198137262374,Recommended,434420,30758703,Posted: 26 March,all,Zimm,"For the RPG introduction:Positive:Characters were likeable.Direction is clear (most of the time.)On the fence:Bwahahahahahaha, the women's attire.   Oh, ""fan art"".""Short and sweet.""Story was fine...Negatives:Not much to this game.When you are going to look for the ""bad guy's"" island in the boat... go the opposite direction you are told.Overall:This game is for those wanting an short first taste introduction to the JRPG who do not want to spend a lot of money. Or if you are introducing someone to the JRPG.  My advice, wait until it is under $1.00     .... then get it for ""kicks and giggles""."
,Recommended,434420,25696183,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gamer Shezma,"I reccommend this game, especialy now at the sale price of .49$.3 hours and 45 minute in game time for all achievements.Many bugs and lack of any story. You can come up with the story of yourself if you've ever played an RPG before and be better than this. The basic save the world story.Girls in bikini's.Good game if you just want achievements and the feeling of accomplishment of beating a game but not if you want a true story or challenge. Also good if you have an intention on making your own RPG Maker game amd play this and think you can do it better. (You can!)"
76561198099019266,Recommended,434420,26693875,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ollie99,"-The Chosen RPG-PROS.+ Cheap trading cards.+ Cheap to buy.+ Amazing story.+ Sequel coming soon!+ Loveable characters.+ Free copy of Polarity given with every copy of The Chosen RPG!+ Many enjoyable hours!+ Fun gameplay.+ Low end PC spec needed. Any PC in today's standards will play this fine.CONS.- Controller support issues!- Would have liked the story to be slightly longer.- The overworld can be a pain to travel through.. You can lose your way very easy if you're not careful.From my experience from this I really enjoyed very bit of the game. I won't spoil the plot, I will say however this game is just so fun, I managed to nab a copy of this from a coupon whilst leveling up my account via Steam trading cards.I don't really want to add much more to this review I advice you to play through and give it a go it's only £1.25! Just keep in mind of the Pros and Cons I mentioned.** How to get Polarity for FREE once you have bought your game and installed! -https://www.steamgifts.com/discussion/4yy7H/free-polarity-for-those-who-bought-the-chosen-rpg-confirmed**9.3/10 !!"
76561198030222500,Recommended,434420,26692406,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Slabsab,"First let me tell you that i did not buy the game for full price.The story, the amount of things to explore and the abilites useable by each character was quite interesting.If you could spare 1,5€ definitely worth it for a few hours of entertainment.Overall, a very interesting RPG. Pick it up if you could spare the few money.9/10"
,Recommended,434420,28652380,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Birckk,"Fun little gameIt is probably not the best rpg but i enjoyed it and it was fine, plus it only costs 0,99 and often gets on sale."
76561198090755888,Recommended,434420,26841798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,戦国時代のロニン,It led to the♥♥♥♥♥♥and bought the game.I was disappointed.But there are cards.
76561197982528736,Recommended,434420,29228295,Posted: 13 January,all,TooPunkToSuck,"This is a simplistic RPG with the gameplay familiar from the times of Dragon Knight series. The story is adequately robust although quite short and the game world is also small. There is not much in terms of humor in the dialogues or any graphical inserts at key points so basically it's just a matter of walking through. The gameplay could be more elaborate with things like monster-specific battle skills, ability to fast-forward fights which were all present in the games of this kind before. Having said that, as a minimalistic rendering of an RPG gameplay it's quite nice, engaging enough to play it to the finale."
76561198180481058,Recommended,434420,29862088,Posted: 11 February,all,Usagichan0408,"I really enjoyed playing this game. I likd the story line and the characters. Gameplay was nice, kinda cool with the turnbase im familiar with as far as the fighting style goes. I like the feel of Dragon Quest it gave, but i didn't really feel lthe chrono trigger personally. Just my opinion. However i would say more like FF6. The only thing to me and this is just my opinion is that once you hit max leve which you could do very early in the game after going through the cave to get to the second town if you got the ship early is that it was really easy after that. Overall though i did very much enjoy this game ecspecailly the music. Hope to see more by this creator i look forward to playing more."
,Recommended,434420,31282945,Posted: 21 April,all,quinz,This is a medicore RPG made mostly with RPG maker stock resources. It's playable and the story line is quite OK even though extremely predictable - no twists nor side stories. On the other hand it's worth the cheap price anyway. Not a game to remember but it was enjoyable for a couple of hours.
76561198318964928,Recommended,434420,31288919,Posted: 21 April,all,那哈莽行咒,Nice plot.Great music.Strongly recommend.
76561198046188745,Recommended,434420,31312091,Posted: 22 April,all,canbeagle,"Good game but have some issues1)you can defeat the volcano opponent, before going to the village, and that isn’t bad, the wrong thing is that you go to the volcano village and is trembling, having no sense at all, because the cause was defeated, so you got to exit and get back to the village, even more weird is that the mayor in volcano village tells you to go to the desert castle, the one that you finnished time ago.2) an health bar of the enemy would be nice3) some glithes waiting to be fixed"
76561198292781692,Not Recommended,434420,31400003,Posted: 27 April,all,makoto.mitzuhara+*****,"Plays like any of the early Final Fantasy type games, unfortunately I haven't gotten very far in it (I've played for a total of 30 minutes and I've gotten to the first fight with the 4 soldiers) and I can't as of yet recommend it as it keeps crashing and then it won't start until I verify the local files and it re-downloads 1 - 2 files (Game.exe and another file)."
76561198048934412,Recommended,434420,34032087,Posted: 4 August,all,adalaide78,Short but fun.
76561198079614773,Recommended,434420,35396156,Posted: 1 October,all,CSGONECRO.COM CSGOYOURMOM,"My official review of thus therefore whereas before I had been abducted by kittens my great great great great great great great great great great great grand father who was involved in the creation of yes u know it, that's correct, yes the thing ur thinking of. Wellll anyways let me inform your friends of this pop tastic pop tart of a game we are discussing right now. I really think that yes it is a game where u press buttons so yes. Obviously. LATERrrrrrrrrr"
