user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198031152651,Recommended,434650,32555905,Posted: 18 June,all,Flank Tank,"When I first played this game I didn't realize you get to play as a random character with a random weapon after every death.  I was worried I wouldn't like this aspect of the game, but soon I realized that it actually made the game a LOT better and way more fun.  Starting a new run is always exciting because you never know what kind of weapon you are going to get and other random factors like what kind of rooms you go into and what enemies you fight keep the experience pretty fresh.  The combat is fun, the weapons are interesting and have some really cool abilities to go along with them.  This is my first time writing a review for a game on Steam, and I wanted to do it for this game because it surprised me by how fun it is and I would like to play more games like it in the future."
,Recommended,434650,31075145,Posted: 11 April,all,MartyrA2J,"“Game over”, “You lose”, “You died”, “Continue?”, “Retry”. These are all famous words gamers hate to get in a game.It basically means, do better and don’t make the same mistake again. In Lost Castle, you will see the word game over splattered across your screen more times than I care to count. It never bothered me, not once. Dying was the beginning of a new journey, another chance, and it really helps that Lost Castle is ridiculously fun and addictive.Lost Castle is a beat’em up Roguelike RPG with just about everything being randomized. If you have ever played Rampage Knights, imagine that game with WAY more added and slightly less complicated combat. The story of Lost Castle is simple, dumb Wizard releases demons in an attempt to gain power and everything backfires. Suddenly demons are running amok and it’s up to Treasure Hunters to put a stop to this and to get some sweet, sweet loot while doing it.After some opening scene shenanigans, you wake up in a dark damp cell. The doors have been opened by a mysterious hooded figure that remarkably looks like the Wizard. A coincidence, I’m sure. This is where the butt kicking begins. There are a total of five areas to the game with progressively more difficult baddies. You start off with some crazy goblins and their contraptions and you end up with demons, demons, and more demons.The real highlight of Lost Castle is that its very easy to pick up and play.You need very little brain power to enjoy this game. You can just veg out and even better you can do it with a friend. Lost Castle features coach co-op as well as online multiplayer. The player limit is two, which is low, but it’s enough for me. I can name very few games that I can play for a whopping thirty six hours with my significant other.Gameplay consists of building yourself up while climbing the difficulty ladder against an onslaught of monsters. Trust me when I say the chips are stacked against you when you first start out. Not to worry though, because as soon as you die, you access a soul tree. This you can equate to Rogue Legacy where you spend points to upgrade yourself, and your starting upgrades. Upgrades come in many forms such as a blacksmith, potion master, or more hit points at start. This makes every game worthwhile as long you have enough souls to purchase an upgrade. This is why dying isn’t really that frustrating. Death makes you stronger.There is a vast array of weapon types ranging from sword/shield, bows, muskets, staffs, daggers, lancers, two-handers, These weapons take many shapes in the form of enchantments, stats, and abilities, but all behave like their base weapon. As an example, you may end up holding double axes but they behave in the same way daggers attack, but these have a plus ten to health and give you the ability to berserk. This gives Lost Castle a ridiculous amount of variation and room to play. Swords that summon a holy light, a blunderbuss that creates black holes, you name it, its probably in the game. It’s quite extensive and its always fun to find that one weapon you’ve never played with before. I am still finding new weapons after almost forty hours of game time.The exact same treatment is given to potions and armour. Potions are completely random and can be helpful or they can be a downright pain. Due to the roguelike nature of Lost Castle, its very difficult to plan out “a build”. You more or less decide what you are as you go through the game, or with the starting weapons at the cells. Areas are procedural but after playing as long as I have, you’ve seen all the room combinations. You do begin to get a sense of whats to come and recognize rooms for the monsters that inhabit them. To be frank the room variations mean very little other then where my enemies are going to lay for eternity.Bosses, oh my there are plenty of bosses for you to fight.Lost Castle is always keeping things fresh. Per area there are about four bosses or so and the game does an okay job of spoon feeding you these fights. I will say that it spoon feeds it a little to slowly sometimes. Each playthrough is anywhere from an hour to an hour and half. Which is about perfect for quick play sessions. However unless you win the game every time you play, it takes a while to unlock more content. You can thankfully walk away from the game and pick up where you left off in single player. I fought the Slime King a hundred times before I finally got to see the third boss of the first area.This is not done for the sake of grinding. Lost Castle wants you to replay the game, over, and over. Four times to be exact, to actually beat the game and all of its bosses. After beating the final boss in the fifth area, this usually unlocks a cadre of new weapons, armors, and while not specifically said, bosses. The story also progresses and gives you another reason to go back through everything all over again, but that I won’t spoil here. Some will call this grindy and that is a perfectly fair assessment, but I didn’t mind because of all the aforementioned variations. Yes, you are fighting the same units, bosses, and know which items do what by your third playthrough, but there is more.There is a Hardcore mode which ramps up the difficulty with new units, and the true final boss of the game. This mode is going to put everything you have learned to the test. I haven’t beaten it yet if that tells you anything.From an art stand point I am more than happy with Lost Castles style.It’s very cartoony but it stays faithful to the horrible visage of demons, monsters, etc. If you played Rogue Legacy, its basically the same thing. There were plenty of times I found myself chuckling at the Great Moleshark, which is exactly what you think it is. Then there are bosses like the Fallen Dragon, which look as intense as it is to fight it. Some of the abilities your weapons have I found particularly impressive to watch in action. I have very little complaints with the game visually. A part of the charm of Lost Castle is those cartoony, chibi monsters. One minor note is that there are SO many typos in this game. Even some in Chinese.Sadly, the music of Lost Castle is very forgettable, it gets the job done but you won’t really remember it. The boss fights have some intense tracks but you are usually so focused on surviving that you don’t really listen to the music. When it comes to music though, I always defer to personal taste, and if you do enjoy the tunes, the soundtrack for Lost Castle is available for purchase. The sound effects on the other hand are handled quite nicely. The crackling of magic spells or when your battle axe cleaves an enemy are very satisfying to the ears.To wrap up, there is plenty to unpack when it comes to Lost Castle. I didn’t even mention the holiday events, Steam achievements/cards. When it comes to innovation and the quirks that make this different from the rest of the pack, I can easily recommend Lost Castle. Simply based on fact it does everything right for this type of game. It doesn’t re-invent the wheel, but damn those are some nice rims if you catch my drift. You are going to get plenty of bang for your buck at the low price of $9.99, which is fantastic for the amount of content. If you enjoy pointless slaughter and randomized everything, this is a game you must play. Have a friend? Get. This. Game."
,Recommended,434650,21211354,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Snarfff,"╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Short Version ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩TLDR:It's a moderately difficult blend of Castle Crashers and Rogue Legacy that's a blast to play with a friend or alone. The randomized dungeons, items, armors, and weapons (which more or less serve as ""classes"") give plenty of reason to restart after dying to that damn dinosaur.My rating:Since this game isEARLY ACCESSI'm going to hold off giving it a score until its finished.  But IRECOMMENDpicking up Lost Castle if you are a fan of beat 'em ups!╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Long Version ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Likes ╦╩╦It's difficult, but not unfair.You will die. Probably a lot. It's sometimes going to be because you stupidly went for that last hit on the boss when you have no health left, other times you'll drink a potion and poison yourself. While bad things will happen, I never felt like it wasn't something I could have prevented.Couch co-op works wonderfully.The reason I picked up this title in the first place was after playing it with a friend; I'm really hoping they add online multiplayer (and possibly more than just two person co-op), but even as is the system is great!The amount of different weapons/skills.Each weapon has a light attack , special attack, and heavy attack, though some weapons (like the musket) use the heavy attack as an evade instead. I really enjoy that you are able to run across different weapons of the same type that have differing stats/special attacks.Character/base development skill tree system.You basically earn ""Souls"" by killing things which you eventually sacrifice after your character dies. The souls are used to unlock the blacksmith, thief, and alchemist, as well as raise the base stats (attack, defense, move speed, etc.) of your character. It's not crazy complicated, but it serves the game perfectly.The armor(s) and the aesthetics.I keep running across different types of armor I hadn't seen before. While most of what you find during one playthrough is rubbish except for one or two pieces, it's still enjoyable to see all of the different types/looks. I also really like that certain armor types pair up with certain weapons for a bonus.╦╩╦ Worth mentioning ╦╩╦Lack of graphic options.This is not a problem for myself, but is worth pointing out. Outside of picking resolution and language (which is either English or simplified Chinese) there are no other settings.Randomized character appearance.You have zero control over what your character looks like but let's be honest, it doesn't really matter since they won't stick around for very long! Some of the randomized characters you get are hilarious looking.╦╩╦ Future hopes ╦╩╦More weapon types!The amount of weapons/skills in the game already are a decent amount, but it's always good to have more choices.Online multiplayer/expanded co-op.Either of these things would be nice (4 player co-op and/or online multiplayer) but are in no means needed for this to be an enjoyable game.A pet/companion system.This is just a random idea, but these kinds of games have always massively benefited from some sort of ""collect more pets/companions with different benefits"" depth. I personally think it'd be really cool to see.╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Conclusion ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩For an EARLY ACCESS game, Lost Castle surpassed my expectations. The combination of depth and randomization still has me interested in doing another playthrough just to make sure I've seen everything. Whether or not you have someone to couch co-op this game with, there is a lot of enjoyment to be had. I definitelyrecommendpicking up a copy.I hope you found this review useful. If you have any questions or comments, give me a shout!"
76561197975630540,Recommended,434650,32602056,Posted: 20 June,all,SN5150,"The PERFECT game to play with your partner! My wife and I have been hooked on this game for the last week. It's essentially Rogue Legacy meets Castle Crashers, but with much cooler weapon mechanics (IMO). We've noticed a few bugs/typos, but they were rare (maybe once every 50+ runs) and not game-breaking. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a polished co-op experience.Pros: Very satisfying combat system, with highly varied weapons/armor. Clearly optimized for multiplayer experience (ex. camera and resurrection). ""Level up"" system feels progressive and actually affects gameplay.Cons: Obviously designed for replayability, so the difficulty does jump after each world. For some, this can be frustrating, since your ""upgrades"" are somewhat dependent on how far you get. BUT, the game does offer a built-in remedy to carry over ""XP."""
,Recommended,434650,28380350,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MittenMarauder,"The premise of Lost Castle is simple. You are a treasure hunter coming to check out a castle, which is quickly revealed to be inhabited by demons. Fortunately, it is revealed upon your first death that your soul is immortal. However, upon waking up you find out that your gear and appearance have changed. Combine that with every dungeon is randomly generated, and that is the basic premise.What makes this formula work is that combat is pretty simple, and each weapon plays differently. Essentially, you can change class about as often as new weapons are found. This may frustrate some players, as each weapon has a distinct playstyle, and what works best for you may never be an option on any given playthrough.Items are also unknown upon first encounter, so that potion may be a much needed buff, or a horribly unfortunate debuff. For example, getting a health regeneration (Yay!) during a big fight versus bad gas (Gross!). This added risk makes stocking up on items more interesting, but it could frustrate some.Upon death, collected souls can be used to ""buff"" your character before each ""resurrection"". Such bonuses include extra items, a random weapon change, and potions of questionable effects. These unlocks are permanent, so once unlocked you will always have a chance for a different weapon than what you started with.If you are a fan of games like FTL, and Castle Crashers, then I highly recommend Lost Castle. If you are not a fan of RNG, or a moderate grind, then you will likely not enjoy Lost Castle."
76561197960452964,Recommended,434650,21037245,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Killer Goblin,"A nice dungeon crawl/brawler.I'm having fun with this game, the random dungeons, random heros, random everything make it replayable. Like roguelikes, it isn't easy, but not as hard as some i've played. The soul sacrifice system gives you a sense of progress, even as you keep dying, and I love how some of the things you unlock are stuff to help you starting out.The cartoon graphics give the game a charming look, and it seems the makers are going to support this game as it's still very young, but already has patches to address problems.The variety randomness, and fun feel make this worth the cash, even if you can't catch the current sale."
76561198078351354,Recommended,434650,30953949,Posted: 4 April,all,thepatman360,Its like castle crashers but each weapon does something different and they all feel different. No one playthrough is ever the same. Its a good challenge and even better when you play with a friend. Though the slimeboss is anoying boss that is not fun. Overall 9/10
,Recommended,434650,20959350,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rick,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:This is a great game for early access!There is a dragon gun, many random dungeons, banana peels that save lives, and much more.I haven't finished the game yet or even scratched it.Pros:Easy to run. (And i have a really ♥♥♥♥ computer)Great roguelike elements.A ♥♥♥♥ ton of weapons and items.Unique potions and armor.Cons:Made for console. Very hard controls for pc, recommend changing them.There is no multiplayer yet, but there will be soon (i hope)*there is local co-op.Lots of spelling mistakes, but understandable since english isn't their first language.A random glitch that changes your language to chinese [restart game and it is fixed]Overall i say this game is a 9/10Yes... I may have cried when i didn't make it past the first room.I only cried a little bit...Just a few buckets of tears...Maybe a ocean...I flooded the world....It doesnt matter! BUY THE GAME!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------RELEASED GAME REVIEW:-Lost Castle is an amazing dungeon crawler/roguelike game.-I've been playing this game since early access and its been an amazing experience.-I am on my third run of the game, and the lore is pr333ty gud, you will have to buy and play the game to find out. I see a lot of Dark Souls references, intended or not, its pretty cool.-The enemies can be tricky and random, and the bosses can be hard depending on what you have.-The final boss on the second playthrough made me cry. I BEAT ITS FIRST STAGE, THEN ITS SECOND STAGE, AND I ♥♥♥♥ING HAD NO FOOD FOR THE BOSSES THIRD STAGE. i die den i cry but eventually i rekt that b0ss.-I need about 10 more achievements to 100% the game, comment if you 100 percented the game.-The game is really enjoyable, i play for the achievements and for 100% completion some of the time, but mostly for fun.-I gives this game a 9.5 out of 10. I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a sick dungeon crawler/roguelike game.Nominated for the Game within a game award."
,Recommended,434650,31498956,Posted: 1 May,all,[LNAM]Ady,"A truly fun and lovingly-crafted gameThe only negative reviews I have seen of this game are just based off the characters slow movement speed (which can be increased), the fact that they feel weak (Which is how they Should feel when they first start off. You're SUPPOSED to improve your stats over time, This isn't Pixel Dungeon), And the controls, which do take a bit to get used to, but fit the game perfectly if you take a little more time getting used to it.Also, a lot of the negative reviewers have only played this game for about 10-25 minutes. I'm not kidding either! Its kinda sad actually. They prematurely judged this game and missed out on something awesome.Please, rate this review up so more can see this review. This game is definitely not for everyone, due to its difficulty and luck-based, randomly generated situations, but if you're into stuff like Rogue Legacy or Castle Crashers, I can safely say that you will like this game."
76561197960902028,Recommended,434650,30060448,Posted: 20 February,all,Bent Betjent,"If you love Castle Crashers and/or Rogue Legacy - look no further!If you liked playing any of the two above, this game will certainly satisfy your needs!I completed Castle Crashers(COOP) and Rogue Legacy(SinglePlayer) with my GF. We enjoyed both.Lost Castle:Can be played as: SP, MP and local coopCore elements: RPG and RoguelikeHours: CountlessMechanics: Runs very smoothGraphics: Looks good and suits the sidescrolling themeMusic: FantasticUpdates: Seems oftenWith that last thing about updates being said, I can give this game 10/10 - If its that fun now, and they still update it...? Then you can only imagine :-)Worth: Every pennyWould buy again: Sure thingYour task now: Buy it -> enjoy ;-)"
76561198040837514,Recommended,434650,20964747,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Brudda,"Lost Castle is an excellent game.  I recommend this game to anyone that likesrogue-litebeat-em-ups with some RPG elements.The gameplay is very solid at the moment, I haven't ran into any issues yet.What makes this game great is the class system, combat, and level design.  The classes are bound to the weapons with their own skillset, for example, if you picked up a staff you are in essence a mage/wizard; you get to shoot magical energy. Or if you picked up a bow you are now an archer, or dual daggers then you are a rogue, etc..there are a lot of different weapons in the game, I haven't found them all, but am really excited to try them all out. Combat is fairly fluid, doesn't feel too ""laggy"" or ""delay-ey"".Also each weapon has their own signature move and can vary. For example, if you picked up a great sword your special can be a earth shattering move which hits enemies in a line or it can be a charged dashed moving that pierces your opponent. And weapons have their own stats, so one might be better suited for defense while the other is better for offense..There are different armor pieces that you can pick up that can change your character appearance and give different stats.With this permadeath system there are some permanent features.  You have a skill tree where you can purchase passives that improve your character and these stay permanent even after you die and start over.  There is also an account/save slot level that you can gain, max is level 30.  I'm not really sure what character level does for you, but it is in the achievements.The levels are somewhat randomized, I haven't died enough yet to see them all, but there isn't much of a variety in tilesets at the moment. Also there are different settings and enemy types which is awesome because you don't feel you're playing the same level over and over, it is refreshing. I mean if you play the game enough times then it might get to you, but as a new player it is very welcoming.You also have item picks that you can use during your game, such as bombs and daggers.  You also have items that give passive effects such as increased damage, health, or special attacks.  Then you got your standard healing items such as an apple and banana.The game is currently local co-op,but there will be online co-opwhen the game leaves early access.  So I would wait to purchase this if you want online co-op.I must note that the sound quality is not so great currently, sounds ""watered-down"" almost.  This will be updated though during early access as stated on the page.Overall my experience has been a great one and will continue to keep playing.  I definitely see this as one of my games that I rotate through.  The current price is worth it, you will definitely get your moneys worth.  I hope this review helps you decide to purchase this game or not.I will update my review as major updates get released."
76561198011270411,Not Recommended,434650,25405679,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SiFi,"It had potential, felt a lot like Rampage Knights but without everything that made Rampage Knights good. Random items. Good. Random room layouts. Good. Random set of bosses per 'floor'. Good. So why the negitive?The game is unforgiving. Not in the fun way. Being ruthless only makes a game better when its a fair system, a predictable system that can be accounted for and adjusted to. However, some mechanics in the core of the game make adjusting downright impossible. Take badies that charge. When they charge they are unstoppable (save death). You are then forced to slowly walk out of the way (never works) or have a weapon that gives you some sort of dodge/block move.So whats the problem? The game gives you tools to use to dodge/block, so...? The problem comes into effect when you DONT have one of those items and you come into contact with a lot of the mobs. You essentially will take guarenteed damage, and if you dont have an HP pool high enough, its game over.Its a flaw in the core nature of the game and one that was clearly overlooked. Because active dodging is a part of other games of this type, I cant recomend a game where its locked behind a weapon."
,Recommended,434650,32930772,Posted: 28 June,all,LazyTitan,"This is just amazing.The challange, the enemies, the music, the wide choice of weapons, and luck !Every round I played ended up different, and teach me a harsh lesson.I highly recommend this game !"
76561198095931937,Recommended,434650,28322867,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Callutus,"I'm very proud of this game, though still there're things to improve.If you like Rougue Legacy or something similar you might wanna try Lost Castle.Would recommend to everyone.7.5/10"
76561197989761599,Recommended,434650,32264966,Posted: 8 June,all,michaeltonks,"Hidden gem, this game is small and without much depth but the simplistic elements are done truly well.I hope replayability is your thing because you will die over and over, growing stronger hopefully each time.  It is a very good game and I recommend it though it can get boring repeating the same or similar levels time and time again."
76561198238225306,Recommended,434650,32494489,Posted: 16 June,all,Mencke2,GODDAMMIT I CAN'T BEAT THE FINAL BOSS HE WAS AT 1% HEALTH!! I'M DONE I QUIT! *upgrade screen pops up* Yay 400 souls *upgrades stuff* *plays again*
76561198035290819,Not Recommended,434650,24440443,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr. crazydude,"The game seems to have potential but I'm still missing something.It's a bit 'stiff' in its animations and button input. Same with the ""dialogue"" (its not really words but suggestions).what I'd like to see is beeing able to react to enemy fire. Right now if you shoot/attack you are locked into that animation. So if an enemy shoots right back at you, you just have to stand there and take it. Which can get a bit frustrating to me.Because if I compare that to any other game of the same genre I played (castle crashers, rogue legacy, transistor, bastion, foul play, etc...) they all allow for quick reactionary response making those games very good and stand out over the ones that do not. Like this one now (still early access)"
76561198002764591,Not Recommended,434650,24117982,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JollyGreen,Not sure why this game has overwhelmingly positive reviews.  The combat gets stale very quickly.
,Recommended,434650,32778798,Posted: 25 June,all,Captain Dave der bärtige,Found awesome shotgun that looked like a shark that also summons gigantic shark from the ground. Fought super scary skeleton boss. Boss kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ I got rescued by item with 1HP. Slipped on banana peel. Died. 10/10 experience.
76561198093059983,Recommended,434650,33162173,Posted: 2 July,all,[AUSSIE]AshvsEvilDead,"Great Co-op game, kind of like Rouge Legacy and Castle Crashers put together.If you enjoyed games like that then you will love this one... 2 thumbs up!!"
,Recommended,434650,24278470,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,• Moayad,"very good and fun game with amazing idea and good price ~if you have a friend or brother will be better to play with him, will not feel bored :)*Any PC can run it :P*Gets more difficult the more you play without dying.*The game need to be Online Co-op for more fun.*Cannot choose easy or normal story, its HARD to finish the full game !.*If you died, you will be reset to play from the beginning and that's is a hard challenge.*You can upgrade your character ( Attack, Defense, Health, and more.. )*You can use a lot of items.*A lot of different monster.9/10 because i really hate reset the game when i'm dead :/"
76561198044173117,Recommended,434650,22310138,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,President Donald Doge,Amazingly fun but need online co-op.Update: Game now has online coop so its perfect!
76561198066005551,Not Recommended,434650,28760545,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The MechE,"This is a game with a lot of potential, but I feel the game is way too repetitive. There are only five levels in this game, and once you go through the same level two or three times, you've seen all the level has to offer. Sure, there may be a door on the top instead of the bottom due to procedural generation, but it's very easy to get sick of going through the same level over and over and over and over again.The first level is fairly easy once you power up your blacksmith, but the problem is you have to keep repeating the level even if you die on level two or three. I guess this is what some people want though, right? I mean, this is what Rogue Legacy does. I just feel the game could have been way better if it had more levels and didn't reset you back to the goblin castle and forest every time you die. The game just doesn't feel satisfying. Instead of using procedural generation to augment content, the developers used procedural generation as a replacement for content. I mean, there's only five levels and dying and being pushed back to the same level you've already seen countless times feels punishing not difficult. This game would have been SOOOOOO much better if it was built like Castle Crashers instead of Rogue Legacy.Difficult vs punishing:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea6UuRTjkKsBefore you pick this up. I STRONGLY suggest you think about whether this game is your thing or not. Remember, this game only has FIVE levels and once you beat a level two or three times, it's pretty repetitive. I have way more time invested in the game than what it says. I play offline with my friend and I guess Steam doesn't track that."
76561197971088364,Recommended,434650,31568290,Posted: 5 May,all,Rale,"Randomly generated dungeons, items, enemies and bosses.68 Small/med monsters. 21 Bosses. (It will probably take half a dozen play throughs to see all bosses and monsters)Hardcore retro action inspired by classic beat ‘em ups.Quarky and fun hand drawn characters and environments.70 passive items and 70 consumables with useful, dangerous, and/or hilarious effects.196 weapons and 50 sets of armor. (You will only see about a dozen per play through)Variety of skills and special attacks. (All weapons have: a combo, alternate attack or teleport/dash, and special ability)Collect souls to spend on permant stat increases and abilites after you die. (You'll die a lot)Hardcore mode after you complete the game.Two players co-op.Recommend controller if you got one. Can rebind keys on keyboard and control however you want.At 35 hours I have almost 100% the game. I'm guessing another 5-10 hours to get the rest. Very addictive and fun solo. More so with co-op."
76561198001362981,Not Recommended,434650,29094526,Posted: 7 January,all,squishface3,"Don't recommend this game.  The most important aspect of a beat em up is the fight mechanics, and Lost Castle features mechanics that are slow, clunky and frustrating.  The concept of having different weapons you can use for different runs is a good one, but the fact that most weapons don't work very well for a lot of situations will have you pulling your hair out.  Every replay is more boring than the last.  I was hoping for something like castle crashers with an extra level of complexity, but after 5 hours I found this game was devoid of fun and a chore to go after achievements.  I'll give rampage knights a try when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,434650,21256453,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,GamingwithVon,really love the game! good mix of Castle Crashers and Rogue Legacy. hope to see the game improve more down the road and some more levels added! the only thing i have a problem is that being stuck in a combo attack and needing to move when an enemy is charging at you. doesn't feel responsive to the controls. be great if running was an option like holding down shift as oppose to auto running after 5 secs of walking. i don't want to lundge at the explosive barrel :'(  also would like to see more bosses on the same level like how 1st area has 2!Looking forward to seeing more! :D
76561198035249697,Recommended,434650,23849526,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Larry Jenkins,"Lost Castle is a fun Castle Crasher style game with the gameplay of Rogue Legacy. It is a fun experience, and is worth your time."
76561198028474307,Not Recommended,434650,25312833,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Starbomb,"Combat is clunky and severly repetitive. Unless you enjoy spamming the attack button while spongey goblins line up in front of you without a care of being slaughtered, then avoid this game. It never changes either, I made it to about the third zone and the only thing that was different was that the sponge goblins turned into sponge spiders."
76561198025612237,Recommended,434650,23717665,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xixor7,"Lost Castle is fun where it stands. Here's a quick review:- Fluid animation and graphics. Sporting 60 FPS if your rig can manage it.- Tons of items off the bat. Even more items unlocked as your progress through the levels.- Challenging gameplay- Many different play styles available. (Not just sword and slashing)- Active Developers- Local Coop. Online Coop on the wayYou can feel where the game is still in development: English translation, some graphical optimization issues during a heavy load (lots of enemies & boss introductions), but it's still a playable game as a whole.If hack n' slash, rougelike, sidescrolling, RPG elements, challenge, coop, and try-try-again are words you like to see describe a game, this would be a good game to pick up, even currently while it's in Early Access!"
,Recommended,434650,31489019,Posted: 1 May,all,BeerGogglesFTW,"Its like ""Rogue Legacy"" and ""Castle Crashers"" had a baby.I like Rogue Legacy, but I prefer this much more for its Castle Crashers like gameplay, and 2 player coop."
76561198112158540,Recommended,434650,32699797,Posted: 23 June,all,GramBezMonitora,"Nearly 150 hours on this game and still not completed on coop with my friend. 1-5 maps - easy, defeat 2 cerbers - easy, defeat first level boss - easy, defeat his 2nd form - quite hard depending on items you have. LAST BOSS ON BRIDGE (only on nightmare level) HARD and his 2nd form is not possible to defeat(yet)? xD 100% recommend this game to anyone, really fun to play with your friends."
,Not Recommended,434650,25280204,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,jayxan,Game's alright. Theres a lot of stuff ot unlock but the combat is kind of boring. Overall its an alright game. Just dont expect an amazing game.Some people compare it to rogue legacy or castle crashers. Terrible comparison. Castle crashers you leveled up toward a goal. This game you dont even level up. Same with rogue legacy. The combat in that game was at least entertaining. This is slow as f. Dont waste your money
76561198085353278,Not Recommended,434650,33418711,Posted: 9 July,all,RubberTooth,"Personally, I do not like this game. At first glance, I was sooo sooo attracted by the character models and scenes.. But the in game experience was not good at all. Very monotonous. Deleted after a couple hours."
,Recommended,434650,29366560,Posted: 19 January,all,PredatoryFern,"Castle Crashers fight em up meets Rogue Legacy end of life permanent upgrades.If you're looking for a fun beat'em up, you've found it in Lost Castle."
76561198025449506,Not Recommended,434650,23912948,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ean5533,"This game is SO repetitive and tedious, I can't imagine why it has such great reviews. If you want a modern rogue-like, look elsewhere to games like Rogue Legacy or 20XX."
,Recommended,434650,25285844,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,js,"There is alot of rogue-lite games on steam, you have the top-tier titles such as binding of isaac, ziggurat, rogue legacy, nuclear throne, FTL, gungeon, renown explorer, spelunky etc, then you have other games mostly are just inferior version of these top-tier rogue-lite games.Overall ReviewLost castle looks like a rogue legacy clone with its unique progression system minus platform element. For people who hate platforming in rogue legacy, you will enjoy lost castle more than rogue legacy.The progression sysyem and game mechanics is different enough from rogue legacy, it reminds me of those little fighter games, it may not make it to top tier rogue-lite games, but the mechanics is different enough the game is worth a try.Sould TrackBig cons of this game is the sound track is quite bad, it sounds like a bunch of 5 second music on loop.PacingThe pacing of the game is abit slow, i prefer lower monster HP with less reward and more room to balance out the difficulty.Weapon MechanicWeapon variety is okay, not much innovative here.I would prefer same weapon types with different attribute can be play much more differently.Eg: fire staff and ice staff have different stat and status effect but the differences is not identical, it plays basically the same.If ice staff have freezing effect every 3 shot and have lower damage, fire staff have higher dps but lower fire rate. High variance create different kind of playstyle."
76561198132887334,Not Recommended,434650,24101908,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,frazerone,"Lost castle is a great concept, however it gets old very quickly. You are a warrior who is leveling up upon death, working towards getting further in the game by unlocking passives. The problems in the game currently are minor, but they are annoying enough that it makes the game unpleasant.They include:slow movement speed, small attack range, bad music that is repeated throughout the game, incredibly slow to impossible grinding because your points don't stack up, and it gets harder to earn passives. LAST, IT IS BORING! The music is sooooo boring, along with the lack of fun objects and creativity in items. Everything is sooooo small too. Chests, items. It just looks like the creators got lazy.Once these issues are fixed this game can be played on repeat, and it will be on repeat. Until then, avoid."
76561198095333844,Recommended,434650,21368507,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chezney,GG it will be even better if the devs decide to add proper multiplayer. i really hope they make this decision
,Recommended,434650,32057520,Posted: 30 May,all,GOduOfTheNorth,"I think it's been about a year since I first bought this game. Originally, I kind of thought it was unfocused, that it wasn't sure what kind of game it was. I don't know what they've changed since, but whatever it was, the game feels smoother and better than it did previously.  I havent even gotten to the late game, so content wise, I havn't experienced anything yet that I hadn't in the early access bulid, but I gotta say, it's really come together. Good Job Guys. (Although if I find out that the late game is♥♥♥♥♥♥or something, this review is going to change.)"
,Recommended,434650,28828905,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Antichi,"This game was a Awesome Castel Crashers-esque game with a Dark Souls twist.You will die a few times.Great Weapons each feals unique and the randomized specials are a cool feature.Game is over all interesting doing the same level 20 times since its randomly proceeded.Tons of different enimies and ""secret rooms""Must buy!! Hoping for Online Matchmaking soon!!"
,Recommended,434650,29579963,Posted: 29 January,all,Timeshock,"This game is great! The game randomly chooses what your weapons and items are!(Similar to Full Mojo Rampage) You decide what you can do with what you're given and there is no greater survival experience than that! God speed. Also your first guy will probably be bugged and not pick up items. Lucky for you this game lets you thrive on the fact that you will die and become stronger because of it so it's not a big deal.(I've read negative reviews where people freak out and refund just because of this one thing although they obviously never decided to fix the problem or play the game for more than 20min when they are allowed 2 hours til a refund...Yeesh, kids these days have no patience. Regardless, this game is worth a shot especially with such a low price for so many hours worth of new experiences. Thanks for reading this and if you decide to purchase this game...enjoy, it's a treat!"
,Recommended,434650,32169798,Posted: 4 June,all,lionsy,"Really fun Co-op game, but very difficult. Twenty three hours in playing Co-op and yet to complete it. Loads of unlocks and bosses (Not seen them all yet). Fun system of collecting souls (each enemy kill gives you more) and spending them on persistent unlocks (Stat boosts, modifiers, etc) after you die.Bit of a warning, it seems completely inaccessible and O.T.T difficult when you first play it, but it gets easier to handle the more you play, learning enemy attacks and getting upgrades makes it a lot more fun.Cool game!"
,Recommended,434650,28696490,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bxp,"Really good couch co-op, great time playing with my girlfriend."
,Not Recommended,434650,33477025,Posted: 12 July,all,Keythal,"I was very excited for the multiplayer aspect of this game but honestly... it's just disappointing. The game is way too slow for my taste, and the fact that you have to share every single item with your friend (including gold coins), most of those items you can't even drop except for weapons or armor when you find new ones.The artwork is very cute but thats the only positive thing for me.Should you buy it?If you like Rogue-likes, like Rogue legacy or Dead Cells then you probably won't enjoy this one. It's too slow paced and feels very repetetive. If you're more of a casual player in this genre, and enjoy castle crashers, you might like this game."
,Recommended,434650,30113115,Posted: 22 February,all,Magerama,Poor man's Rampage Knights. Not bad though.
76561197966648539,Not Recommended,434650,33772327,Posted: 24 July,all,Ravnecks2.0,"After 2 Hours i have to say: I don't understand the good ratings for this gameThe combat and item system is so lacking and boring. Most items are boring stat upgrades. No good dodge mechanic, no combos. The game mostly is just button mashing. Also the weapon balance is awful.I have requested a refund.If you are interested in this kind of game try Rampage Knights. Its way better."
,Recommended,434650,21359790,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,"Lost Castle is an amazing rouge like game where demons and other monsters are summoned to your land you its your job to fire yourself out a cannon an infinite amount of times until you or they die. Having only played FTL and binding of isaac I cant say if its the best rouge like game but its certainly worth your time if you like rouge likes. The price is easily worth it, You can be a warrior, mage or acher and each class has their own unqiue weapons to use along with spells and potions to give you a boost in damage, make you faster or even transform into a werewolf and take revenege on  everyone not fortunate enough to be a werewolf. When you die all the souls you have collected from your downed enemies can be used to give you a permantent boost in damage, hp, crit or better starting gear.PROS:+ Balls cheap+ Cute art style and music+ Lots of variations on gear, weapons and spells.+ LOCAL co op+ Multiplayer to be added+ Combat flows with basic attacks, heavy attacks and specials all tied to the weapon you have.CONS:- Small spelling errors but nothing major- Needs a NG+ mode- Cant save progress in current area and continue after exiting- Cant back track to buy items you saw but didnt have enough money at the time.All in all its a great game for a great price and i recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,434650,24430990,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Repugnant Weeb,"Bought this game since it was on sale. I usually like games with rouge-like elements and a good challenge, but this game was just plain frustrating. Everytime I used a melee weapon I found it impossible to not eventually take a hit every time I went into a fight, due to the large abudance of enemies that swarm you with both close-range and long-range attacks. Ranged weapons are quite obviously king in this game. If you are ever able to, just use the bow. I've tried to play around stat bonuses on armor for certain weapon types, and it worked well enough to get me to the boss, but the only weapon that I ever got to see the next level with was the bow (which I was then immediately stricken down my a swarm of spiders and tentacles with long ranged attacks. The shotgun is useless. You'd think it work well since it's a ranged weapon like the bow, but don't let it fool you. The shotgun only works a little bit out of melee range.I understand that dying a lot is probably something that the game was developed around, and it has a Rogue Legacy-esque upgrade system where you can unlock new upgrades and stat bonuses everytime you die in exchange for souls that enemies sometimes drop. The problem that the game is very tedious and frustrating before getting these bonuses. The combat is nothing special, you get 2 attacks based on the weapon, and a seemingly random special move based on the weapon type. Your character moves slow unless you get armor that lets you move faster and that makes it more difficult to dodge incoming attacks.I got this game for about $5, and nothing about it really makes me want to keep playing after about an hour of playtime. I would not reccomend."
,Not Recommended,434650,21442200,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,netram,"It's fun and quirky, but does not seem to present itself as a serious game. The reviews here made me take the plunge without looking too much into it because everyone seemed to like it, but they never seem to really specify why they like it. The game generally suffers from poor production quality. Perhaps the design studio was on a very low budget, but the whole game seems like a poor attempt at being a castle crashers, rogue-like mix.I really haven't played the game enough to comment on the gameplay because the other factors contributed to such a bad taste in my mouth after playing the game for such a short amount of time that I could not give it another try. The main turn-offs for me are as follows: Intro to the game and the story as a whole, grammar issues everywhere, and art style.First off, the story is just silly. I can't tell if it was actually trying to be funny or not and this is simply due to the terrible grammar in this game. It seems that all of the text in the game has been translated from another language using Google Translate alone and no spell-checking. I can't understand the story, but it seems to be just as encapsulating as most other roguelikes: you must be continuously sent off to your peril in order to claim more demons' souls and defeat a big bad guy that some magic person accidentally unleashed from its hellish depths who is now wreaking havoc on everyone in the land. It actually almost seems like a really cheap and horrible copy of the story to Demons' Souls (but no one knows that story anyway). This combination of horrible story and even worse story-telling leads to a laughable atmosphere that does not make you feel like you are playing a game that takes itself seriously.The only thing that makes these points worse is the super lazy art style. They went for repetition wherever they could place it with a lack of depth. It looks like a flash game that you would find online really. This alone made the game feel stale to me. No effort in story, no effort in art.The cherry on top is just how HORRENDOUSLY ugly I find the character design. This might not be as big of a factor for anyone else and this will probably make me sound silly or childish, but this character design makes me almost as angry as when I see Gnomoria on the front page: A game which I am absolutely certain would sell more if the image they used to advertise the game wasn't that of the ugliest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥anyone could fathom. The problem with this game is the opposite of Gnomoria: the ugly characters aren't on the front page, but plague the entirety of the game with their stupid neckless, head-in-front-of-shoulders design. This is almost every character and it is annoying.Normally I would keep such comments regarding the art style of a game out of a review and leave the judging to the individual interested in the game, but I state this here in this review because, first of all, I had no clue how bad it was until after I bought the game, and also, because it is not simply the art style, but the lack of ingenuity with said style that leads me to believe the artist(s) that developed this game are lazy.Now, I don't know why I didn't understand how bad the graphics would be, but I think it ought to be pointed out: I checked out the screenshots and thought it looked cool, but when it was loaded up in full-screen it looked so ugly to me.Okay, so this game has some critical failures that make me unable to recommend the game, but there are some redeeming factors. The game is challenging, it seems like it would take some real skill to become good at the game. It is kind of a cool system to have each weapon have its own unique moveset, just like the Souls games, but I personally find this mechanic unpleasant here as if you grow to like one weapon a lot, the only way to play with it again is to find it again, which appears to be random. Though the ""talents"" system, akin to Rogue Legacy's upgrades system, is quite bland, it is at least present and offers greater replay value. The abilities and different weapons did not seem too varied, and neither did the armor, but at least you have a decent pool of options, and of course I wasn't very far into the game anyway.This game is good if you're looking for a lightweight game you can enjoy with a friend. At the time of writing this, the game is about 400mb. If you don't expect your games (or their developers) to be incredibly serious and you're looking for a fun, kind of quirky, castle-crashers-esque rogue-like, then give it a shot. If you're looking for the next big rogue-like with innovating mechanics, move along."
,Recommended,434650,29684794,Posted: 3 February,all,Dave141,"Good one.looks like an arcade game.The control is comfortable especially with a controller.Each level is attractive,and u need to decide which way to go.It has various kinds of weapons and each has its own skill.U can also upgrade your skill tree by consuming souls.But one annoying thing is that when u r dead,u gotta start from the very beginning which is not that friendly to new gamers."
76561198069672986,Recommended,434650,31549606,Posted: 4 May,all,UnbuckledPie,"aLright First off, the dead people dont help you at all, they actualy make it worse. So just putting it out there, dont ask the dead people for help in the first place. Secondly, The monsters. Oh my god. Okay so skeleton archers are a most have ina roguelike and i get it, ok, i do. I mean they are usually annoying and this game makes them pretty annoying also. But they are fair. But here we go you finally get pas the first zone and what happens to you. You find these spiders and like they go behind you and hit you and make you look like some kind of idiot. But anyway that doesnt even compare to the madness that is the rolly polly things. These things will roll NONSTOP untill they hit you and when they do its like BULLET. Like they will pull the craziest turns to hit you and when they do its like -50 heALTH. SO like gg right there if one of those is in your room. Oh, and also I forgot to mention, THe talents. Like what were they thinking. Honostly dont even waste your time with the talents. They are so god awful that its probably better to just sacrafice all your souls and skip time. Like whoop dee doo final talent is like restore 3 health X D thats what i have to say overall XD. But moving forward if i had to say anything its that the game never ceases to amaze you in how seemingly annoying the mobs can be. I mean okay you finally get past the area with the rolly pollys and the poky plants and spiders, and now you're in a pretty crystal cave. Its nice and pretty andf stuff until you realise theres there cave dudes and at first you think these guys are so dumb lmao. But then they throw LITERALLY ANYTHING they can find and they throw it at you at FASTER THAN LIGHT SPEED like benjmin franklin didnt say light was the fastest thing for nothing. Like he spent a long♥♥♥♥♥time inventing light and you think this game would take into consideration some of the work our past president put into. But anyway, these troll guys hit you with stuff ands its annoying as heck. BUt then all of sudden you see these little blue salamanders. I mean not little theyre actually huge ajnd they spit stuff and bellyflopt on you and its kinda annoying. But its bearable ya know. Like theyre fair mobs that you can deal with. WAIT JUST KIDDING. this game has a mechanic where when you hit an enemy they stagger and stop their current attack and it kinda becomes the whole point of the game to stagger lock people UNTIL ITS NOT. These salamanders will sometimes just not stagger and its insane. I mean honostly sometimes they stagger sometimes they dont. BUt I mean ive gotten past that level too and its fine. But i dont wanna stop talking about the talen tree. Like one of the talents is the first item you buy from a shop is free. And like the first few playthroughs i played i saw some pretty cool stuff at the shops and was like damn wish I had money. So when I got that talent I was like Oh hell yes im gonna get some pretty cool stuff. BUT I HAVENT SEEN ANYTHING BETTER THAN A POTION IN THE SHOP SINCE Its honostly insane. Not to mention the dead people cant tell me where the shops are they can only tell me where rooms of fire and stuff are. ALSO THE SPIKE TRAPS. I mean they sometimes come out right away but other times they will wait until your terminal cancer comes in and you're about to say goodbye to all your family and slip into death. AND THATS WHEN THEY TRIGGER like the consistensy on some of the stuff in this game blows my mind. OVerall I'd have to reccomend this game a fun and engaging playthrough."
,Recommended,434650,32912271,Posted: 27 June,all,Booplesnoot,"Picked this game up during a steam sale to play with my wife. I was amazed to see that we've been 22 hours into it already and it's been less than  week!Starting the game over after you die is completely normal, except you get to use up your collected souls to buff your character up in various ways.Each playthrough you'll start with a new random weapon, though depending on the skills you've upgraded, you'll have a couple more weapons to choose from, chests to open for random loot, and potions.It's wonderful to come across new weapons every playthrough that you haven't tried before; it keeps the game fresh.Be warned, the game is challenging. We've made it to the last boss a couple times, but still haven't beat it in the almost full day's worth of play time we've put in. Also, I hardly ever see games open up the servers. Not sure if that's a bug or if everyone is just playing coop.Grab a friend and have fun!"
76561197967243608,Recommended,434650,32951690,Posted: 28 June,all,CyberUnagi,awesome two player well worth the steam sale price
76561198039276143,Recommended,434650,31490344,Posted: 1 May,all,Animal For Hand,"Fantastic game. I only have 8 hours on record, but it was all in one sitting right after i bought it. Didn't even realize there was a new game plus feature to it as well. Challenging and fun, even on normal mode. BUT THEN THERE'S THAT NIGHTMARE MODE THOOOOOOOOOOOO."
,Recommended,434650,28819793,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,K!netic,"A variation on Rampage Knight's theme (not Rogue Legacy, as everyone in the reviews section seems to think?), best played coop.It's a plenty worthwhile game, it feels unfairly hard at first, and I was a little miffed about spending like 10s chopping away at goblins in the first level. But this is mostly because the game has a combat logic that emphasizes crowd control over picking off one or two enemies. There's no ""roll"", but jump serves largely the same purpose. So you end up manuevering around the field, herding enemies into a group and take turns dealing out damage with your coop friends. This difficulty gets even worse in later levels, but the challenge is overcomable with good teamwork and instincts about when to engage and not.The randomization is pretty similar to Rampage Knights (you pick up armor, pets, consumables, weapons with stats and procs, etc), but there are definite balance issues. If you get the wizard staff as the starter weapon, your basic attacks apply a burning effect to enemies, and attack in a cone (instead of just straight ahead), AND you get a teleport instead of ""dodge"". If this sounds overpowered, it's because it is. A lot of things feel this way; some items make things ludicrously easy, others are worthless. Some talent tree slots are obviously useful, some are completely inane. It doesn't make the game feel unfair, per se, but you sure get the feeling that it wasn't very tightly designed.Which is alright, but worse than that is easily the controls themselves. Feathering the basic attack button randomly decides to pop off your cooldown-based special attack (despite the special attack having its own button). You have to stop moving to perform most actions (which is a real pain when you just want to dodge, but have to stop moving to do it). Blocking USUALLY locks your character's facing, but for the first couple seconds you can get turned the wrong way - all in all there's just too many things which make the game feel like it's not really obeying your commands as much as its own whims.A nice little microcosm of this weird control scheme is how it handles dialogue. Entering dialog with any character freezes you, and you have to constantly hit the ""use"" button to continue the dialog - the very same button that chooses your responses. So even just asking a vendor to pay $20 for a random item requires 5-6 rolls of dialog, and if you just mash the ""use"" key, you'll more often than not accidentally use the default response of ""no"", and end up having to start all over. Most games let you skip dialog with any key, so you can just flail around until the dialog is at the point where you make a decision. Or, i dunno, just not have rolls and rolls of dialog for simple things? The game plays up this thin veneer of having a story, but we all know it doesn't. Your choices are ""buy it or not"", and they're not lore-critical. Is it too much to ask for more concise systems?The game has rough edges, and doesn't feel like it was competently designed. This is exactly the kind of game that couldn't have been playtested well before release, and whose designers didn't learn any lessons from games who carefully balanced disparate stats like attackspeed / damage / crit chance / range.So why am I still recommending this, despite spending three paragraphs describing why I don't like it? Because that's all the bad stuff I could think of. Everything else is great and just like it should be - you won't be bothered by anything else. It's not perfect, I doubt anyone will think back fondly to their time with this game in 10 years. But it fills the role of a challenging coop experience that was worth playing once a month with friends on a couch."
,Recommended,434650,30515722,Posted: 14 March,all,w00t_,"Absolutely worth its cost, done game 8 times already, still playing. The number of possible gear combinations is enormous"
76561198299058108,Recommended,434650,31488409,Posted: 1 May,all,Hiking Young,"The game is really good,  though you'll get a little bit bored after you finished the normal level several times. And you'll find if you want to finish the hell level, you need more extra luck! Just pray that you'll pick up some powerful weapon and stored enough chicken legs.1.Want to clear the stage and not die? Just remember don't be greedy, HIT AND RUN!2.A better choice to equip with wands if you are a stupid newcomer3.You'll die perfectly if you want to 1 vs More just like a hero, cuz' you're definitely notBuy it now! Hope you enjoy it"
,Recommended,434650,28891203,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Doppler,"Let's get the negatives out of the way before I gush over how amazing this game has been for me.- Only 5 Levels PossibleThis isn't a complanit about the length of the 'campaign' itself. But the 5 levels are always the same. It would be really nice to add some variety to this. I am totally okay with the first and final level to have the same theme. But it would be absolutely refreshing to include multiple themes of levels, with multiple types of enemies that are randombly generated. It would add so much variety for players that truly love this game like myself.- 'Only' 2 PlayersI would seriously love to be able to play with more friends, so let's make this amazing game 4 players if possible.- Character OP IssuesEventually you get to a point where your character is simply too good. They try to curb this issue with a Nightmare mode, which is pretty difficult I will admit. But I hope that something more difficult is implemented at some point.-Very MinorBugsI've experienced a few very minor bugs during my time playing. Tiny issues, like once when I came back to a saved game and my character was slightly altered. Pretty minor honestly, but it would be unfortunate to have this happen during your best playthrough you've ever had.Now on to why you should buy this game. There are so many unique positives about this game that I can't list each and every one. But if you like rogue-likes in any sense, this game deserves some real consideration. Some very basic (cute?) graphics cover up an excellent beat-em up where death is not the end. In addition, I've played about 38 hours at time fo writing and I have still not experienced about 25% of the game according to some of the achievements. There are just so many unique items, weapons, armor and enemies to experience. Not to mention that there are roughly 22 bosses if I recall correctly. Hell, beating the game a few times doesn't even reveal (yet) what the true story of the game is.Simply put, if you enjoyed FTL (my first love in the rogue-like category) this is well worth your time."
76561197993862539,Recommended,434650,30383481,Posted: 7 March,all,Dangerous Cat,"kinda hardcore game, if you singleplay and aren't good at sidescrolling 2d action game, then dont waste u money, u wont even be able to finish first playthrough.  enough fun for coop play tho."
76561198151721416,Recommended,434650,31458874,Posted: 30 April,all,Dad's Musical Erasers,"Eh. It's okay. It's like if Rampage Knights had a fully realized selection of weapons, but then they removed all of the fluidity of the gameplay. It's got a lot of stuff, but it's incredibly repetitive and the controls are pretty clunky and stuff is pretty hard to dodge due to sluggish movement. I give it a 6/10It's certainly playable and it has a lot of content and replayability but I just feel like the combat is just not that fun, in a game that literally is solely focused on the combat.Also the weapon types need balancing imo. The bow and arrow is OP compared to other weapons, but also really boring. But then maybe that's their way of balancing it lol.Haven't tried the multiplayer though. I imagine that's a lot more fun."
76561197994562438,Recommended,434650,28469550,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Abathor,"It's like Rogue Legacy had sex with Castle Crashers...Awesome and adictive game. It's really well made and challenging, played for about 10h straight after I fisrt opened it.My only critic:-It's only for 2 players...Damn, I wish I was able to to play with 2 more...The ultimate upgrade for this game would be to support a merged local-online, like, 2 players in my pc with 2 more in another or something like that (1 in one, 3 in another or each one on their own pc)"
,Not Recommended,434650,24215612,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Khaiyme,"Imagine Rogue Legacy and Rampage Nights had a baby. Now imagine that baby had brain damage. Welcome to this game.Pros: Has a Rogue Legacy-esque permanent upgrade system, which is rare in rouge-likes, and something I enjoyCons: Basically everything else. The movement of characters feel so incredibly slow, I can't stand it. Enemies are crazy difficult to fight (some enemies, like the tree monsters in the second stage, have the ability to hit you when they are off screen, no matter where you are). Half of the weapon types are literally so useless, they are unplayable. The 'music' is like nails on a chalkboard. In the short amount of time I played, the game crashed twice, once on startup and once when I picked up a weapon from the blacksmith.tl;dr This game does have potential, as it is still an early access game, but as it stands now, avoid it unless you like bad music and terrible enemy design"
76561198051021562,Not Recommended,434650,25504450,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Fenrir,"Terribly unresponsive controls. Aiming straight down a line is reminiscent of old Double Dragon/NES beat-em-ups...and not in a good way.I dunno, maybe I was expecting something along the lines of castle crashers....something more fluid and button mashy. What I got was an unforgiving mess of a game"
,Not Recommended,434650,25404535,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SuperJakendo,"Lost Castle is moderately fun and has a charming style to it. However, the game suffers from problems that honestly should not exist in the first place. I'm going to start with the obvious, WHY is there no way to properly dodge/evade enemy attacks? The game revolves around fighting hordes of enemys, so why is something along the lines of a dodge roll not present? It just doesn't make sense to me. I found myself in countless situations where I had no choice but to just take damage and eventually just get a Game Over for cheap reasons.There's a variety of weapons at your disposal but they're not that satisfying due to the skills being near useless and the special attacks take way too long to recharge. There's about 3 weapons in the entire game that have skills that help you dodge attacks - the bow, gun, and wand - but they're so minuscule that they barely even help anyway. And I'd go as far to say that the spear's skill is worthless; just a slightly larger leap than your almost useless jump.The random dungeon generation works just fine and yes, you can supposedly make yourself permanently stronger when you get a game over using souls you've collected from enemies. However, some of the permanent upgrades are way too expensive and honestly are incredibly grindy to get. Clearing a room always grants you a chest which typically contains healing items, but what's the point when you lose all recovered health from cheap enemy hits that can't be easily avoided in the first place? Not to mention the boss battles...the bosses are cool, however they move so fast, and your character moves so slow. I honestly have no idea how you're suppose to effectively hit some of the bosses and not get hit yourself. Only boss I actually liked was the King of Goblin, which is a potential first boss. After that, while the bosses retain cool designs, they all suffer from being frustrating to fight. No idea what the final boss is like, but I don't even know if it's worth the trouble to find out.In conclusion, the lack of an evade feature in the control scheme along with sluggish combat kind of cripples this game, but it does make up for it by having a charming style."
76561197994975025,Not Recommended,434650,24400297,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,da55yd,"It is not fun enough to justify the difficulty.  In Dark Souls, it's hard but as you master the mechanics, you become powerful and it feels good to play in the way that lets you win.  In this game, to play to win it is just tedious. You just walk around until you run , hit once and run away.  It is tedious.  There is some potential here but it needs a method of turning skill into power.  Chaining hits into stuns, juggling enemies and dashing away only to dash back in, something to make dishing out and avoiding damage interesting.  The rest, the randomness of potions, the inability to make progress towards a goal by saving, etc just adds to the frustration."
,Recommended,434650,32985107,Posted: 29 June,all,condemned,"Avoided buying it because screenshots and trailer seemed rather dull. It turned out to be a great successor to Castle Crashers and Rampage Knights, with all those pooping,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puking and other fun stuff i enjoy in real life"
76561197981759662,Recommended,434650,30230889,Posted: 27 February,all,Neener,Fun little time waster with rogue like elements.... but got forbid i go somewhere with my laptime and have to switch to offline mode... single player game you can only play with an internet connection? if i would have known that i would have chose another title.
,Recommended,434650,34005932,Posted: 3 August,all,ulexsite,"Really Great game, although this game is queite repetitive, its an amazing dungeon crawl with loads of weapons, and armor. Hopefully there are more updates and modifications to this game to make it even more enjoyable, but if your looking for something to play for a couple of hours each day I highly recommend this game!If you think this game is easy too, your wrong, I wish you good luck in beating the first part of the game, because that probably all you'll make!"
,Recommended,434650,28580335,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Echoherb,"Honestly I didn't think this game looked all that good judging by the gameplay videos, I thought it looked like a slow flash game. I decided to buy it though and try it for myself, and I was pleseantly surprised. All the animations work so well, the graphics are very vibrant and colerful and good to look at, and the art design is really well done. The responsive controls and unique weapon animations make it feel really good to play.Gameplay wise, there's endless fun to be had with the huge variety of weapons and unlocks, and the fact that things are random every time keep each run fresh and interesting. Unlike a lot of other rouge-lite games I didn't find myself getting bored with it that quickly. This is one of those games I always have fun going back to no matter how many times.There's a lot of reviews that talk about how good the multiplayer is, but I've only ever played solo and have had quite a bit of fun so far, so don't let not having anyone to play it with stop you from trying this out.Overall this is highly recommended if you're a fan of rouge-like style games."
76561197965830188,Recommended,434650,28601655,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jamaicanmecrazy,Very fun game. Insane mode is very challenging. Co-op is very challenging. Lots of neat items. If you like games like Castle Crashers its worth getting.
,Recommended,434650,27992829,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fat Bear,"This game has been incredible. I always come back to it. It's your classic rogue type with a neat multiplayer option that doesn't take away from the game at all. It's challenging in a way that doesn't frustrate you, offers a sense of progression, and has really fun boss encounters with a variety of weapons, armor, and other items. This game, in my opinion, is most fun on multiplayer. The controls are simple too with ports to a number of controller pads! Definitely a must-have!"
76561198104691972,Recommended,434650,28420911,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Agyon,"Fun, really fun.When i first played it, was hard - a grind.But i didn't mind, as it was expected, i leveled up upgrades and got stronger to progress (which is the best feeling in a game isn't it?!) then it become much more fun as i discovered many equipments that were locked.Wish to see a 4 player mode soon, everyone is itching for it.I know you Dev know this as well."
,Recommended,434650,28243892,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,"i normally dont give review to video games but this little gem has won my heart. The game does have a simple combat at first, one single button for attack, a secondary button depending on the weapon and a skill button that also depends on the weapon and thats where the game shines. it is not an over the top combo ridden brawler. instead its a bit moree tactical, you cant just hack and slash your way though though if you have the right equipment it does let you do that but when you dont positioning and timing is key to get to the next level. There is nice variety in enemies and bosses but the weapons is where this game really shines. each weapon feels unique and the shine even more if you have the right armor. All in all i very much liked this game even more so than Rampage Knights and Castle Crashers."
76561197992230425,Recommended,434650,28418708,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Li Doggomasa,"What an extraordinary experience. Multiplayer is loads of fun. Best $10 I've spent in a long time.Side scrolling rogue like experience very similar to Rogue Legacy, but with multiplayer."
,Recommended,434650,28774412,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Akuild27,I am basing my review off playing with a friend so I have not played any solo.This game has a lot of content for how cheap it is. If you like Rampage Knights you will like this game! The two things I think it does better then RK is that you do not stagger your co-op friend when you are swinging next to them which can get annoying in Rampage Knights. And second there is a talent system in place that after each playthrough you get to spend souls from enemy you killed that run to improve your future runs.Overall fantastic game! A+
76561197968346469,Recommended,434650,28729750,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sinago,"Absolutely fantastic brawler with interesting underlying mechanics. The comparisons that mention Rogue Legacy are apt; as far as the in-between game progression, it feels similar (particularly with interesting upgrades, not all minor +% forgettable changes). The difficulty balance is great. I've had people with less and more experience playing games still have a great time. UI is simple and functional. Most noteworthy is the art style and animation look quite solid while playing, which didn't come across to me through the advertising pics.Worth the full price for sure, and the sale price is a no brainer."
,Recommended,434650,28782016,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Брайс,"It's a very fun indie game, you get to pick up a lot of crazy items and every run is different. Would highly recommend it, also made a let's play for this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAiwPMG6_Ns"
,Recommended,434650,35198679,Posted: 25 September,all,zandywho,An excellent game! Strongly Recommendation!
76561197960586148,Recommended,434650,33311659,Posted: 6 July,all,esKq,"I play this game mainly on co-op with a friend and it's really fun.The mechanics are the game are straighforward and easy to understand, there is a real sense of progress throughout each consecutive runs.Each run feel different enough that the rogue like aspect of the game is not a hindrance, boss and weapon change often enough that you still want more of the game.I highly recommend it :)"
,Recommended,434650,33312708,Posted: 6 July,all,Hydro6,fun co-op game
,Recommended,434650,28694432,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Namz011,"Really fun, although it would be nice to potentially add a map of some sort."
,Recommended,434650,28789779,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,deadcantdance,"Very impressed. Every time you die, you use the collected enemy souls to get stronger and you will die a lot. Sooner or later. I tried to love castle crashers or similar games, but this is the best. Finished the normal mode 12 or 13 times, it becomes to easy if you are Level 90 or more, but for this you will have the nightmare mode which is very challenging. For 9,99 you will not regred it."
,Recommended,434650,28865901,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tobynice,"It's a easy game, but i am little confuse at the beginning.  anyway, it's a impressed game for me ,especially it's a chinese game. Some feature of this game is,  this game might cost you few days to finish all missions.  It's worth mentioning that it's a time-consumming game, before you decided to landing this game, you should give it one hours or more. Because, you'll never satisfied when you lost your first life.The funny thing is, when i 'm playing this game, my left hand felt cramp,it's really hurt and it made me abandon this game. Whatever it's a great game and chinese game become much greater than before."
,Not Recommended,434650,33016688,Posted: 29 June,all,LiLy™,"OK game if you get on it a sale.  Not really worth otherwise.  There are a lot of weapons (with each one having a special ability and a secondary attack), but the gameplay really isn't deep enough to warrant the multiple playthroughs it takes to get the souls to make your way through the entire game.  Fairly repetitive and I'd really only get it if you have someone else to play it with.  Even with the randomly generated dungeons, it begins to feel samey pretty fast."
76561197986081362,Recommended,434650,31207770,Posted: 17 April,all,Rexinsularum,"This game is a fun coop experience. The variety of weapons and the randomness you are forced to embrace keep it feeling fresh, but I admittedly haven't played that much. I'll warn you though that the online coop is pretty buggy. It works, but crashed on a few occassions. The feature is labeled ""Beta"", so here's hoping they improve it."
76561198008580123,Not Recommended,434650,26115770,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PRAVEMI,"Old school hack/slash RPG 2D game... with a lot of enemies and stuff.But... all good things in this game are regrettably lowered more bad things. So...Note: I've spent in this game 20 hours. This is what I think now:PROS:+ interesting bosses+ balanced escalating difficulty+ a lot of items+ you can play it again / again / again...*CONS:- *after some time game begin to be really boring- your hero is doing 3-4 sounds... terribly annoying after a few minutes!!!- some items make so similar things that it doesn't matter what will you choose- gamestyle is slower, it missing face-pace style which is better for this kind of gamesSo... from my point of view I can't recommend this game now. If I wish for something, I would like this game will be more random (more like Isaac games I think)."
,Recommended,434650,28855727,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MKR017,This game should be atleast 4 player coop.
,Recommended,434650,32179504,Posted: 4 June,all,Keas,Great game. One of the best indies i played in a long time.The replayability of this game is way to high.
,Recommended,434650,32789330,Posted: 25 June,all,=GzR=Halenio,"At first it seems like just another random generated dungeon crawler... Though as you progress you soon find out it has more to offer you than just a side scrolling hack and slash. With some random generation from your weapons to armor to even your character's appearance. It gets pretty tough to get tired of this game. So far I have only logged a few hours. Though i can see myself logging more and more trying to get to the end and collect every item. Not to mention there's a co-op aspect that allows you to play with another person to extend the fun and mayhem even more!. I would very much recommend this title.Note: It does have a bug where it black screens on you. Though if you just restart the game, you can continue where it did that from. Other than that i haven't found any issues with it. Also this is a very rare occurance(at least for me).Great animation/ Great Monster and Animation/ Great All Around."
76561197990326326,Recommended,434650,33206321,Posted: 3 July,all,Izzo,"Good game but a little short. The game tries to keep multiple playthroughs fresh by introducing new bosses and new items which is a good thing. I don't think I would bother going through third playthrough without this. But that said I beat the game two times in less than 10 hours, so its not very long game if you just want to beat it.There is a ""Nightmare"" mode available after you beat the game once, but I think its poorly made. It seems to do couple of things, nerf every weapon to have a lot less damage (nerfing is fun right?), decrease the amount of item drops and make the bosses near impossible to beat. Some bosses are easier than others, but some bosses become pretty much impossible to beat in Nightmare mode because they have like triple health and they spam their abilities a lot faster. Remember all your weapons did a lot less damage and you don't have a good inventory either? Yeah you're screwed. The nightmare mode fails to make challenge a fun thing, it makes it frustrating and feel impossible.But overall if play normal mode then its a fun roguelike game, just short and kinda easy once you get the hang of it. If its on discount then you should definitely get it."
,Recommended,434650,32913959,Posted: 27 June,all,VanD,10/10 recommended.
76561198059703573,Recommended,434650,28738360,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Surprised Owl,"I came across a land shark, what else do you want?"
76561198065611201,Recommended,434650,29287052,Posted: 15 January,all,Dragonikuze,"If you like roguelikes and Rampage Knights, this is the game for you. It has a large variety of weapon based skills, bosses, and of course, equipment effects. If you're new to the roguelike genre, you may find yourself dying and repeating the dungeon a lot. That's normal for a roguelike, but with the amount of variety and randomness, each run will be different. The fun is getting more powerful through unique item effects and stronger equipment, with the added bonus of unlocking permanent upgrades depending on how many monsters you kill. Lots of fun with co-op and challenging either way."
,Recommended,434650,28774994,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MysticaL,Solid game.
76561197982518451,Recommended,434650,28782369,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Maverick,"What can I say, this game is exactly what it claims to be and it does it so well!"
,Not Recommended,434650,28870811,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,iCheeeeeee,"After playing rogue legacy, I thought I would enjoy this game just as much since the premise is very similar.  However I was left disappointed.  The game ended up being a button mashing mess.  The different weapons are all a slight variation of the same item.  The randomized dungeons are pretty much the same just with different exits.  The game got boring real quick."
76561198004584826,Recommended,434650,28992321,Posted: 3 January,all,JAUHEL [+CU+],Enfant illgétime de Castle Crasher et de Rogue Legacy.
76561197979790213,Recommended,434650,28116076,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Maishi,"Rogue Legacy meets Castle Crashers, freaking yes."
76561198041940313,Recommended,434650,29343749,Posted: 18 January,all,arslesmeten,"Had so much fun with this game, playing it mostly in co-op.Perfect dificulty setting with enough progression to reward every failed run - of which there has been plenty.No idea how to beat the game on nightmare, but who knows, maybe some day after another 50 hours :)"
76561198010646051,Recommended,434650,27984110,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.Smooff,Awesome!So much fun!
,Recommended,434650,27329250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ExistentialCrisis,"A lot of fun, tons of replayability, best in co-op."
76561198046237106,Recommended,434650,29121368,Posted: 8 January,all,Nova_Ka-Ru,awesome play! super fun to chill with friends.
,Not Recommended,434650,29622733,Posted: 31 January,all,Teteh,"Welcome to the world of tedious uncancelable everlasting attack animation, terrible vertical hitboxes and absolutely awful game balanceIn addition to all these frustrating flaws Lost Castle is incredibly alike Rampage Knights, to the point where I thougt for an instant they were from the same developpers, sadly Lost Castle is everything Rampage Knight is except being pleasant to play.It's hard to find way to bring a bit of ""skill"" into your battles since most attack animations are incredibly slow and stops you from doing anything else, in addition they're not cancelable making combo animations pratically unusable without taking a huge load of damage.In the end only two weapon type are somewhat ""useable"", the bow because of it's range, but it's still too slow for certain bosses, and the daggers since you get an overpowered unlimited dash that is the only capacity in all weapons type to allow you to dodge, in addition to that this dash totally negate the problem you'd get from wearing heavy armors.The vertical hitbox is absolutely disgusting, those games with that very specific 2D art style have one and only main challenge, having correct vertical hitboxes, for example Castle Crashers do it perfectly, but Lost Castle is a foul horror on that point, you never really know where you are compared to an ennemy, usually it goes alright but sometimes you just first arrows or magic balls right behind an ennemy because he's thin as paper.If you're not scared of terrible hitboxes, half weapon type being useless and awful gameplay, then you should try it because the rest of it is okay, but may I recommend you Rampage Knights which is pretty damn similar and pretty much better on every point this game have flaws onDefinetly not worth it's price, bought it on sales and I can say it's pretty much what it's worth I'm not really too disapointed of my investment."
,Recommended,434650,24182865,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Razielite,"So far this is one of my favorite games of this genre.UpdateSo game is fully released now out of early access, the dev's did a good job to patch all the errors and add more content, I can't really change the entire review because it is still basically the entire explanation of this game, what changed is they fixed bugs and added more weapons, items soundtracks..etc nothing too huge.Except the fact that they stated they're currently working on addingONLINE COOP*fingers crossed*What I have to say about the latest updates is that i'm really disappointed they removed the soundtrack on the first level and changed it with something else, I really liked the original one...The GameThe game has the fighting style of Castle Crashers, being a 2d beat'em up, except in lost castle you'll need to be more careful since you cannot jump and do an endless combo like Castle Crashers.The progression style is really similar to Rogue Legacy, since this game is a rogue-lite, you collect souls from monsters and when you die, in your next run you get to spend them to upgrade your characters or your ""base"", you can upgrade the blacksmith to give more/better weapons, or the pharmacist or the thief who provides random treasures, and when you start a new run all your souls are lost so you have to spend them on upgrades ""like rogue legacy""Every time you get a random character with a random weapon and stats.There's a various selection of weapon types, -> bows, Magic wands, heavy type, sword+shield, knives, shotguns, spears and each one of them can be different, such there's a fire, poison or ice wand, same goes for all the other weapons.Every weapon gives you a random active ability to use.There are a lot of items you can find, hp items, throwing daggers, boomerangs, random effect potions which I found to be pretty cool since one of them transformed me into a werewolf and all the effects and animations were really outstanding.You can find pickups that gives passive effects ""on the current run only"" they have a lot of effects that can raise stats or gives other boosts, or you can find a dino egg that gives you a cute small dinosaur that fights beside you and can grow bigger if you feed it drumsticks,Level progression requires you to kill all the monsters in the room to unlock the path to the next place, it also can give you other doors to enter and get a different path.Pros+ Good level designs, music, effects.+ replay-value with it being randomized, giving huge selection of weapons and abilities.+ Progression system similar to rogue legacy which I personally love.+ Thrilling boss fights with great intro's.+ Challenging difficulty.+ A lot of nice pickups that gives various abilities and positive/negative effects.+ Buttload of achievements, devs even added 25+ today (7/8/2016)+ Local Coop is fun to play with a friendDevelopers have stated that they will be adding online coop eventuallyCons-Poor translations, text aligning..etc, several typos, but this is no biggie.FIXED- I am not a huge fan of character designs, since you'd usually get a character with small ""Asian"" stereotypical eyes, or a weird hair color that doesn't match the outfit.- Character animations are good but they sort of strike me out as a ""Mobile game"" look, which isn't bad I guess but I do hope they enhance it a bit.-a few animation bugs in certain characters.FIXED-a bug when the blacksmith had only 1 weapon, sometimes when I pick it up causes the game to enter an endless pickup animation+sound that I can only escape by alt+f4, I don't know if they have fixed this or was it automatically fixed for me after upgrading blacksmith into having 2 weapons per run.FIXEDOverallThe game is really great, I am having so much fun playing it, its such an outstanding rogue-lite so far into their early access journey, updates are coming frequently and I cannot WAIT for online coop.So far ? The game is definitely worth its full price, you get what you paid for and moreAnd if you read the pros and cons, you'll realize the con's in the game are not really that big, however I do have to point out that some players did say they felt the game being ""repetitive"" after a while, which I didn't find that at all considering it is a rogue-lite and there is progression and a final level, so it should give hours of fun and waiting for more updates is a plus."
76561197992568802,Recommended,434650,26302622,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DittoMarth,"Rogue Legacy meets Castle CrashersIt had amazing gameplay, varied monsters, weapons, abilities and somewhat randomized levels.No run feels the same, if only because you don't have much control over your loadout (which can be anoying if you are stuck with sub-par weapons).This feels like a $20-30 game.  At $10 it is a steal.If a roguelike beat-em-up sounds like something you would like, Lost Castle is executed well enough to deliver."
,Recommended,434650,21142525,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ctoefield,"I just finished playing some of the content of t his game. So far I've gotten to the third area (undead part of the game). I think that this game has the base of a really nice beatem up.Graphics:Characters: Visual Fidelity isn't everything in a video game. You can make a game that has a strong appeal by having your own unique visual style by using higher quality illustrations to represent your graphics. I understand that the characters were made in a way to make them easy to mix and match elements but the problem is that the graphics are being done were on the far side of easy and the end result is that the characters look very generic as a result. Had I been the one making the decisions I would have looked to characters that  are somewhat super deformed so I could do some mixing and matching with some elements and at the same time offer more quality. (think metal assault).Animations: I would have also made the attack animations have more of a z depth. Again, I totally understand that the idea to make the animations very horizontal and verticle were by design. They were probably a cost measure as well because it would be a lot easier to create. The problem is that people buy things that look good even if they don't pay a lot of money for it. If it doesn't look awesome that's going to be a problem.Equpment: The weapons are also hit or miss in terms of how they are illustrated. Everytime someone finds a new item it should not only make them excited by what stats are on the item, they should also be excited by how it looks. They should feel awesome when they see it. You have some weapons like the two handed sword that looks like the blade is made of stone that looks great. Then in the same breath,  you have items like the spears which look sub par.Enemies: Like the games equpment these are hit and miss to. You have some enemies like the skeletons in the third level that look good, then you have the goblins in the first level who look subpar. I get that gobins should be diminiutive creatures but they just aren't drawn very well. The same could be said for the evil ants in the first or second level as well.Backgrounds: The backgrounds for the levels are hit and miss but they surpisingly the better part of the games visuals. For instance, one of your screen shots has a nice looking wall with textures on it that has three alters in the middle of the room. That looks pretty good. Then you have some areas in the game(like the screen shot with the goblin tank boss) where the ball looks way to samy through the whole screen. I would recomend using larger tile sets that have ""groups"" of bricks togather. You should also create less division between each break in specific random areas of the wall. You should also look into discoloring the books in spots to or even have random diles where a coupble of the bricks are sticking out. This is going to have the effect of the walls to not look they are some sort of pattern, even though your using the same assets. If could also changed the lighting in different areas of the same level to create some visual interest.Gameplay: I like the actual premise of the game. It feel like Rogue Legacy meets Castle Crashers, Having the different weapon types have a special move is a good touch. Hitting multiple enemies in one swing with some melee weapons make the game feel more enjoyable. You feel ilke a touch warrior.Skill Tree System. If your going to have a blacksmith skill tree that focuses on melee combat there should be talents that you can select that are weapon specific. I know that it's early access it's something to keep in mind. That goes the same for the other two skill tee categories.Finally, to say again what I said at the beginning, this game has the base of a really good beatem up. To generate some real attention the visuals need some reskinning as well as the other things I mentioned here. Good Luck."
76561198278843510,Recommended,434650,30583948,Posted: 17 March,all,Killjoy Hans,"Lost Castle ia an excellent rougelike-RPG which is designed by Chinese.It looks like The Binding of Issac but has its own style.The most powerful weapon in this game is your LUCK instead of your skill- -!! If you are fed up with FPS,I will highly recommend you try it and relax yourself."
,Recommended,434650,30667687,Posted: 22 March,all,turtlebunni,:)
,Recommended,434650,26100839,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"It's like Rampage Knights, Rogue Legacy, Dark Souls, Risk of Rain all rolled together into one. It's awesome and makes me excited to see what other chinese developers can release."
,Recommended,434650,29096400,Posted: 7 January,all,oniya,"Very nice game, many weapons with different abilities you can use, some random bosses, kind like ISAAC.Looking for friends to coop!"
76561198042440008,Not Recommended,434650,26495109,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Wilbur Bot,"Very hollow gameplay compared to similar games such as castle crashers or rampage knights , no real way to combo attacks, too simple I guess"
,Not Recommended,434650,26132658,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,killerbunny001,If you like this type of games go pick up Enter the Gungeon or Rampage Knights. If you already played those and think this is more of the same be warned: this is a soulless clone of better roguelike games.
76561198095976930,Not Recommended,434650,25763374,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,former vigil servant.,"while i did enjoy this game and definitly reccomend it , it has design flaws that i think the game got too much credit then it deserves (93% positive) . there's too much grinding and little you can do to make it go faster , the wood level kinda sucks because it lacks the exploration feel from the other dungeons , not much veriety as the player is likley gonna replay the game so many times going through the same levels hearing the same soundtrack . with that said i had a ton of fun playing lost castle on my ASUS rog laptop on the go ."
,Recommended,434650,21066637,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fletchellini,The game play similar to castle crashers and it also plays somewhat similar to rogue legacy as far as dying and restarting with random dungeon everytime.  In the end I enjoy it and cannot wait for the multiplayer.
,Recommended,434650,25821111,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BigLeBluffski 웃,"Great game, my taste! Love the gameplay alot as it makes me think of games like Rogue Legacy or Rampage Knights, games that I love alot. Roguelike like usual, when you die you restart with a new random class from 0, but with progress. When fighting through levels you gather souls which you can invest in a skill tree upon dying before restarting.Would love to know more games like these."
,Not Recommended,434650,23987770,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kirin,"You kill things and get ""credits"" once you die you can use those credits to unlock talents and npcs.. And then you start from scratch.. You run around with an actual stick.. its not a magic awsome stick.. its just.. a stick.. and it does the same damage as a sword.. Rinse and repeat.. It's glitchy but i suppose its to be expected as its in early access. I didn't like .. at all.. even a little. So no.."
,Not Recommended,434650,24175683,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wilifornia,The best part about this game is it takes less than 2 hours to begin to hate it.
76561198028217337,Recommended,434650,25374091,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Space Captain in SPAAAAACE,"While the game does have some pretty obvious flaws - movement is painfully slow, lining up ranged attacks seems to be more guesswork than skill, there are translation flaws and parts not even translated - the game is pretty darn fun, the art is a good balance between cute and creepy, enemies feel nicely varied, and getting far feels rewarding."
,Recommended,434650,23899160,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GSJ,Bastante difícil e viciante. Tem uma mecânica similar à Rogue legacy. Apesar da aparência simples ele oferece muitas opções no decorrer do jogo.------------Rather difficult and addictive. It has a similar mechanics to Rogue legacy. Despite the simple appearance it offers many options throughout the game.
76561198065151068,Not Recommended,434650,35169259,Posted: 23 September,all,>:(,"I have to assume the reviews have been boosted by chinese bots, because this game is a clunky, boring, mess with poor design choices around every turn, from bosses on the first level that continuously spawn mobs faster than you can kill them and body block the boss, to not being able to attack immediately after you turn around, to the repetitive grind for enough upgrades to be able to survive past the first 3 floors.This game borrows cool ideas  from Rogue Legacy, TBoI, and castle crashers, and ruins them; Just your typical cheap chinese knock-off experience."
76561198369507492,Not Recommended,434650,31666411,Posted: 10 May,all,philalethe,"I personally don't recommend this game. I have played this game for like 7 hours. At first, this game seems fun. Like the  cute characters and a lot of fancy euqipments. However, it turns to be boring when you rush it over and over again with little changes of the enemies and scenes. I would rather to play other rogue-games like ""the binding of Isaac"".Also, I'd like to add that you would always be chasing around by the enemies in the map no matter what equipments you get. Maybe becasue I haven't played this game long enough or maybe it's just too boring for me to play."
,Recommended,434650,27550516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kubik,Rogue Legacy... but in Double Dragon beat-em-up style.
76561198046140667,Not Recommended,434650,28427538,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bileh DK,"Game has very slow progression, very little choice on the player's side and poor gameplay overall.Tried playing local co-op with friends and it didn't help.If you like local co-op, try Castle Crashers, its lightyears better than this - more fun, beautiful and all.If you like the roguelike bloodline thing, try Rogue Legacy, it has a lot better, fast-paced gameplay and progression."
76561198148547183,Not Recommended,434650,33973277,Posted: 2 August,all,TheGrimReaper,"This game may look good on the outside. However, when you start to play the game and really start to lose interest for this game to the point where you just don't want to play this game anymore."
76561198050563268,Not Recommended,434650,28915198,Posted: 1 January,all,Zone3752,"WARNING!  THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER REVIEW ONLY!I want to love this game.  The mix of Rogue Legacy, Binding of Isaac, and Castle Crashers with bits of Dark Souls and dozens of gaming related references.  How could all this go wrong?  Answer, because the devs have made a mountain of bad choices.  It fails to do ANYTHING right with any of these wonderful titles.  What is worse it's just good enough that you WANT to keep playing to try to get some value and satisfaction for the many times you will die.ProsGood Graphics- the backgrounds are a cartoony style and the armors and wonderfully done.  The artist did a great job on them.Weapon Concepts-you can add damage, drop huge rocks onto the battlefield and do a ""holy awaken"" that increases range and power of your weapons.  They look amazing and they feel good... but they are somehow poorly implemented.Cons1. the ""persistence mechanic"".  I have  a large list of reasons this simple idea destroys any chance of fun.a-.  The problem is that EVERYTHING gets more expensive the more souls you spend.  Did you want to get 2 60 souls upgrade?I hope you have 140 souls!  This makes it difficult to choose your level up path.b- some of these ""passives"" never go off.  the final skill of one tree let's you ""see dead people to point the way"".  It sounds awesome but in almost 10 runs since then I've never seen it even once.c- percentage based upgrades- you generally start with 120 health and get up to 300+.  So then WHY THE HELL do the food upgrades add +}1 health for over 60 souls?  Then there's 1% criticals and +2 armor and +2 attack.  All of these are useless tiny little parks that only pad the rest of the system!d-""sacrifice mechanic""- You LOSE even more souls after your done spending your upgrade points.  Were you 3 souls away from getting another upgrade?  Screw you! Now you lose over 30 souls!  Worse yet, later in game you actually can do a run that doesn't allow you to upgrade ANYTHING.  Meaning if you get unlucky and die early you wasted your time!2.No map-Another major multi-part problem.  They probably wanted to make the game more linear and give the game a simpler ""path"" to go forward.  man did they screw that up!a. They give you money but then make you pray to the RNG gods you find a shop (which is super rare) or make you gamble to get an item you want.  Sometimes the gambling will even give you an apple or banana for 40 coins.  that's enough to BUY a good powerup or weapon from a shop!b.  Also there are sealed off rooms that you have to spend money or bombs to get in.  Worse yet the bomb rooms need 3 bombs to get into?!  For perspective, you only get bombs by buying them or rarely in chests until you unlock a ""bomb perk"" later in the persistance tree.  Who the heck thought that was a good idea?c.  You can't go backwards-Did you leave some food you'd like to use?  Accidentally leave before grabbing something at the start of a long room? Want to try and gamble some extra money before a boss?  Nope, you're outta luck.d. 100% random maps- This is the one time in a  rogue like that I want a FIXED map.  This inability to even SEE what the next room might be is that bad.3.Movement speed- a beat them up must feel fast paced as you combo enemies in the air, avoid attack and thrown weapons and run around with limited time buffs.  This game fails on all levels.  You even get SLOWER WITH HEAVIER ARMOR.  Did I mention that at higher levels the monsters TRACK YOU WITH RANGED ATTACKS?4.potions-  Hello Binding of Isaac's pill system!  Might we make a worse copy of you? Yeah there are so many bad potions that using them in combat can be fatal.  Worse yet you can ""negate"" bad effects by grinidng more souls and putting them into the broken persistance this game is so fond of.  Hope you like wasting time!  Lastly, unless you pick up a very rare item, there is no way to know what a potion is by picking it up.  Here are just a few of the ""fun"" effects.a. turn into tiny useless doggy.b. Lose over 100 gold.c. be poisoned.d. be poisoned badly.e. lose attack/defense.f. temporary slow.g. be forced to take multiple dumps. (really, I'm not joking)h. be blinded.5-enemy design- there are so many enemies that suck the fun out of this game.  They have Damage over time, long range charge attacks, range spam, summon more enemies, and above all no health meters.  I get it, there are too many enemies on screen to show a bar but at least give SOME indication on when they are nearly dead!  You beat on them and they ""look"" dead but until a tiny skull icon pops up they can and will jump back up and kill you.  Below are some of the more common enemies I've encountereda. tiny spiders-If you don't kill them quick enough they will blow up and either poison you or cocoon you in webbing.b. red tiny spiders-They blow up no matter how you kill them.c. boomerang throwers- if you're slow you take 75 damage. from repeated boomerang attacks.d. Golems- somehow sometimes you can dash past them and sometimes you can't.  Their ranged attacks have a mini-stun and their melee attacks have knockback.e. rollerbeasts- ever wanted to dodge a high speed pinball?  welp you have to dodge 2 or sometimes 3 times or you take a large amount of damage.f.Hog riders-hope you've got a good dodge weapon or you're pinned against a wall and pummeled.g. Evil Trees- they bombard you with long range explosives.  up close they retreat or swipe at you.6. Boss design- in a game where melee is underpowered even against the mobs, the bosses ALL have lots of damaging melee attacks.  There is even one giant golem that has multi-part melee attacks that knocks you back after they finish.  Not only that but there is no way to get behind it.  Add in that he has a rock falling ranged attack and yes these devs are true incompetents.7. Weapon Skills- you have one meter labeled skill that fills up over time.  when it's filled you can use a skill attack,  These attacks can summon crystals, do big attacks, summon food, gain armor and shields and even enhance your weapon.  the problem is the little animation that ALWAYS plays while you're stuck in place.  This is supposed to be a Video game, NOT COMMUNITY THEATER!  it makes you a huge target and makes using these abilities risky, especially in boss fights.In closing, stay away from this game.  Binding of Isaac, Castle Crashers, and Rogue Legacy all do it better and without wasting your time on pointless fluff."
76561198095033138,Recommended,434650,29729272,Posted: 5 February,all,Aggravated Trapezoid,really fun to play casually
,Recommended,434650,33999529,Posted: 3 August,all,miniloo,"The game is very fun, especially co-op.Only negative points are the online co-op is a little broken at the moment, the game will freeze or d/c when you move to another level, seems to be ok once beta version is enabled in the settings though.Also the Co-op levels are MUCH harder than the single player mode, a little too hard, in particular the 2 mini bosses before the final boss.But overall really enjoyable and definitely got my money's worth."
76561198027448793,Recommended,434650,29131468,Posted: 8 January,all,westtrot,Like a coop rogue legacy....great game.
76561198023023263,Recommended,434650,28574713,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Teledildonics,Game good.
,Recommended,434650,28816534,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,pupchin,need play multiplayer
76561198050837505,Recommended,434650,29041140,Posted: 5 January,all,Simo Häyhä,Final (Final) boss is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.. How can you survive so far in the game with 0 heals?? It's all luck in that point of the ♥♥♥♥ing game...
76561198325713461,Recommended,434650,27724051,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darktemplar2323,I LOVE THIS GAME definitely recommend do buy....
76561198152065937,Recommended,434650,28628982,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,★MarKLnWZa★ZzZz(M)zZzZ★,เวลาเล่น co-op อยากให้แบ่งเงินกันได้และสกิล sale อยากให้เลือกใช้ได้ระหว่างเงินกับสกิล
,Recommended,434650,34187097,Posted: 12 August,all,Royal丶,The game is of great value to play.
76561198007947395,Recommended,434650,26865047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mike,Absolutely hilarious. It's a rogue like arpg with lots of randomness to make it different each time but each play through unlocks abilities based on how far you made it that attempt.
,Recommended,434650,26528642,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spooked,"The game is a great rogue-like dungeon crawler that is fun and engaging to play. Only problem so far is the Online is very laggy and disconnects, causing you to lose all progress. But it is in beta so it can have a pass for now."
76561198046686701,Recommended,434650,26560711,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,A-tonimiser,"A great game that you can get alot of playtime out of, I get the same feel i got when playing through spelunky and The binding of isaac!"
76561197990989311,Not Recommended,434650,33845056,Posted: 27 July,all,vonesrom,If you like roguelike  (aka  dying a lot .. and  random things  you dont know what they are)  then you might like this..you can call it  'challenging'  if you want.   I think it's just a way to get away with less actual gameplay.I think the art is fun...  and was hoping  for something a little more fun  (like zelda) or something
76561198301665370,Recommended,434650,33251892,Posted: 4 July,all,タマ  トウし,IT GONNA BE FUNNY IF U PLAY A BIT LONGER
76561198015337264,Recommended,434650,28889475,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rhev,"A fun little game with simple graphics that actually hides a solid dungeon crawling beat em up.  Roguelike so death isn't the end, but just a restart where you can increase your powers, I spent almost two hours playing it on my first playthrough and have quite enjoyed it.  For the price, it's pretty much exactly what it says on the box, and is worth the price of admission."
76561197970435474,Recommended,434650,33298389,Posted: 5 July,all,Vargas78,"A rogue-lite beat'em up with rpg elements appealed to me so I got it on the steam sale. And at first i didn't like it much. I almost went for a refund as it seemed slow and uninspiring at first. But persevere a bit and it grows on you. As your characters level up it becomes more fun and pacier, so no regrets. I'm glad i held onto it."
,Recommended,434650,29682541,Posted: 3 February,all,Vegeta,so much fun! a simple game but simple is good  .... Recommend !
76561198048048464,Recommended,434650,29630539,Posted: 1 February,all,Quindos,"Turned out to be a quite an addicting experience, the amount of content available suprised mecontrols are a tiny bit clunky, especially at first, but when you get into the rythem of combat it's ok.Alot of different items and weapons, and it just feels good as an adventure game.Played this more than i thought i would"
76561197970384883,Recommended,434650,28297373,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,FHDA,82%
76561198320891688,Recommended,434650,29551536,Posted: 28 January,all,gamer 10000,best rouge-like i ever played :)why are you still reading buy the game!!!
,Recommended,434650,27853168,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,=[MH]= Wolfhound,"Brilliant for couch coop, hard initially but you level each time."
,Recommended,434650,27854738,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WoPo32,"If you love Rogue Legacy, you will love this game. It's like a cross of Rogue Legacy and Castle Crashers."
,Recommended,434650,28156320,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JusticeYeti,"It's like magic, with your friends"
76561198170327021,Not Recommended,434650,33834414,Posted: 27 July,all,riodark99,The netcode is vry baaaaaadi cant play with my friendsbut the gameplay is goodwe need to peer to peer optianI create room in ERU server my friend fund the room in USA server
76561197971621478,Recommended,434650,33590081,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. PoPo,Lotta fun with incentive to keep playing after first run through.
,Recommended,434650,33418203,Posted: 9 July,all,Solicitor,The is a great little roguelike. With every death you get a little stronger! This has a nice loot system and the special attacks from the weapons give you some variety.
,Recommended,434650,33303369,Posted: 6 July,all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,F    U     C     K UNKNOWN POTIONS.
,Recommended,434650,33592112,Posted: 16 July,all,Metahero,Awesome Game. I'm playing it with my younger brother and it's funny :D
76561198158809102,Recommended,434650,33633893,Posted: 18 July,all,喵殿下,play with friends is pretty good！！！
76561198003679089,Recommended,434650,33458524,Posted: 11 July,all,TakeMyShit,I like it what more to say ...
76561198117184070,Recommended,434650,33445667,Posted: 10 July,all,The-Tricky-Thing,cute lil game thats more fun with friends reminds me of castle crashers a little bit
,Not Recommended,434650,27540444,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PetaByte,Unplayable less than 5 FPS in any resolution mode.
76561198029790575,Not Recommended,434650,31605943,Posted: 7 May,all,black-fm,"Kind of boring, keep dying."
76561198088042129,Not Recommended,434650,31594126,Posted: 6 May,all,ToadallyAwesome,This game is a worse version of Rampage Knights save your money and time.
76561197993288786,Recommended,434650,31474495,Posted: 30 April,all,Invest,Cool roguelike rpg!  It's a lot like Rogue Lecacy.
76561198017361092,Recommended,434650,29575128,Posted: 29 January,all,Lt Gab,A fun game overall
76561198047685041,Recommended,434650,32767511,Posted: 25 June,all,Boosted,"The more you play, the easier it gets.For people that don't mind replayability."
76561198051215433,Not Recommended,434650,35345030,Posted: 30 September,all,Skrull,"Just played over an hour with a friend it was an epic run, but then his game crashed all progress lost even the damn souls collected in that time thats ♥♥♥♥ing annoying that you cant keep playing alone if the second player disconnects.."
76561198007993736,Not Recommended,434650,21365199,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Корниш-рекс,"Can't say much. It's like bad clone of Rampage Knights, which I played on my friends PC.Music,sounds and graphic are weak spot."
76561198025582907,Not Recommended,434650,21899584,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PieMaster00,"It has a great premise to it, but it still falls short.Wait until the game gets further a long, it's not much fun currently"
76561198146942062,Recommended,434650,20981568,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sebastian（セバスチャン),I hate nightmare mode and my ♥♥♥♥in luck.  9/10
,Not Recommended,434650,32690588,Posted: 23 June,all,Lissidia,"A boring hack-n-slash with seemingly no depth where your strength is based off the strongest weapon that drops for you. Ranged weapons trivialize most of the enemies encountered. It has rogue-like elements but hardly has the same feel. IF you're looking for a simple beat-em-up you can couch co-op with a friend, this might be what you're wanting. If you're looking for a rogue-like, look elsewhere."
76561198132119281,Recommended,434650,31956917,Posted: 25 May,all,Heinrich,"Nice game, but PLEASE add 4 player coopIt cant be that hard"
,Not Recommended,434650,29598373,Posted: 30 January,all,Karrak,"Had to refund, even at the price it is. I spent the two hours of time that I played this playing the beginning chambers, dying and dying. It felt like the way they made it difficult was by having more of the same enemies, instead of having different ones. I spent 2 hours trying to give the game a chance for something to happen, but nothing did. There are many other games like this, but much better. This just seems like a money grab, being heavily based off of other games. Not worth it."
76561198041085059,Not Recommended,434650,29563832,Posted: 29 January,all,Mokipoki,"I was interested in giving this game a try. It had good reviews and looks like it's up my alley. Just one problem...it's super buggy. My first character bugged the game so that I couldn't pick up items. That was basically a game-breaking bug. So I deleted the character and started again. After modifying some options in-game I was unable to move. Each button used just give me menu noises.These bugs are unacceptable. It's as if the developers didn't even play their own game. I want to play it, but for some reason I can't. Requested a refund. I'm sure it would be a very fun little game if it weren't so buggy."
76561197982196272,Not Recommended,434650,32715919,Posted: 24 June,all,SymphonyX,"So i just came to play 15 minutes. After that, i entered a door and my screen just stayed black. I then had to alt+f4 the game and tried again. Immediately after I entered the next door, my screen turns black again and.. stays black.What the ♥♥♥♥ guys?Unplayable...Windows 7 , GTX 1070, 16GB RAM, i5 6th gen"
,Not Recommended,434650,34131033,Posted: 9 August,all,Epig,Terrible servers.Seems the devs reduced food drop rate and damage of ranged weapons on an already sufficiently difficult game.Cannot recommend.
76561197960783408,Recommended,434650,26409150,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,bandizzle,"Certain mob combos are OP as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hard hitters and spiders that web you? I've gotten web'd and died in less than 1 second from full HP like 5 times now... that's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Why is the disappearing blue ghost have such a small hitbox? Also, his aim is so ♥♥♥♥ing good like... wtf?"
,Recommended,434650,31205004,Posted: 17 April,all,PsychoKitteh,"Awesome local co-op, great replayability."
76561198285782652,Recommended,434650,26745868,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Quake7,国产 支持，打击感不错，画风也很棒，挺支持买的，道具方面偏少，关卡也只有4关，我希望能做出更多的关卡，隐藏关和彩蛋增加总体上不错
76561198059559934,Recommended,434650,26947511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PortalCat,有意思的游戏，但是没人陪我玩呀。。。心累
76561198167012200,Recommended,434650,29442317,Posted: 23 January,all,Daisy Nightblade,nicr game. but the controller controls is a little wierdbut great work really fun playing with your friends
76561198029489875,Recommended,434650,28944830,Posted: 2 January,all,Agojama,BEST GAME 2017
76561198037628843,Not Recommended,434650,30078978,Posted: 21 February,all,arad0,"This game is fun enough and reminds me D&D SoM scroll game.I know it cannot be compared like that. It's just an indie game.But at least this game is having various things required to be good game.Various contents in action/play style, appropriate and simple story to be immersed in.I think this game just passed crossline for 'fun indie game'.Nevertheless, there are some negative points why I'm giving no-recommend.One of the worst thing is it's CPU usage and in-game frame problem.I defeated final boss two times now and It was too difficult and painful not because of game difficulty but endless lagging and frame drops repeated thousand times.Other things what I didn't like could be treated as personal matters but that thing was too much annoying and I stopped playing Lost castle for this reason.I remember I found similar complain or Q&A post was written in forums but I could not found clear answer for this issue.One of minor complain is monotonous vertical action and repeating hit and run skirmish.It is not the one shown only in lost castle. Other various scroll games show similar boring points like that.But in LC, It requires too much sequences for killing minor monsters and also boss. So it makes me tired."
76561198355123240,Not Recommended,434650,33329074,Posted: 6 July,all,fus7,"i couldnt play 2 player coop, (1 with keyboard 1 with gamepad) as keyboard stops working after a while at the begining of the game.it takes like 5 seconds.I tried to go options and made key bindings default, tried appoint different keys, but nothing changed...and there is no option to cancel the intro so, its annoying to try again and again.had no reply to my help request in the forums, so refund is the only option."
,Not Recommended,434650,32945229,Posted: 28 June,all,mistersneak,"I was excited for a roguelike Castle Crashers style game to play with buddies. But the combat and some of the art is bad enough that it just didn't scratch the itch. Lots of boring button-mashing to go with kinda embarrassing-to-look-at foes and environment art... it's just not as fun to play as other beat-em-ups in the first 20 minutes of play. I don't want the first enemies in the game to take a billion hits to kill, and I don't want to have to kite 8 bullet-sponge foes as a standard of combat.Refunded. I would give it another shot if it goes on 75%+ sale."
76561198349282766,Recommended,434650,32618918,Posted: 21 June,all,蛤蛤膜法师,Very Good!!!!!!
,Recommended,434650,31656867,Posted: 9 May,all,Huitzilopochtli,Lit.
,Recommended,434650,27400251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tercero,It's a really good choice if you want to relax a bit while you only have 30 mintures of break time. Good thing about this game is that it won't make you forget about time. You can end whenever you want without any discontentment or hesitations.
76561198178037826,Recommended,434650,29567671,Posted: 29 January,all,JuiiceboxTaco,Great Game I enjoy playing it constantly with new bosses and items. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE add four player multiplayer my firends and I all have it but only can play with two so... Yeah I understand there will need to be multiple balancing changes but its worth it
,Not Recommended,434650,29202200,Posted: 12 January,all,Friday,very bad clone of castle crashers laggy and not good
76561198141182660,Recommended,434650,25834915,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Punisher86,"I've put around 12 hours into this game and love it!If you enjoy the rogue-type game with a nice variety of weapons and upgrades, get it!"
,Not Recommended,434650,29820668,Posted: 10 February,all,FlamingTP,"TL;DR: The fighting and movement mechanics are terrible, plays like a cellphone or flash game on Newgrounds. (also the forums are primarily chinese if that says anything, good luck getting any feedback in.)It doesn't matter how extensive, or interesting a game is, if the mechanics and the combat is terrible. Lost Castle is a beat-em-up style dungeon crawler, but it plays like a cheap flash, or cellphone game.-Attacks aren't fluid, or cancelable-each weapon has three variations of ""attack"" (some moves are a linear teleport, or a food drop for example)-movement is slow and clunky, even by SNES/Genisis Standards (dodges require a weapon with a dodge for example, you cant do it implicitly, which is terrible game design)-Even when you learn how to deal with this (I made it to the second level before I quit) the combat just isn't fun.Mechanics are essential for any beat-em-up. If this game were Mario, the poor plumber wouldn't be able to jump very well. good luck having fun with that.Make the combat fun if you want to make a good game. It doesn't take more than 20 minutes of gameplay to know the mechanics are horrible. When that's the case, it doesn't matter how good the rest of the game is."
76561198001475582,Recommended,434650,20968344,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Niv™,"This is a very fun little game, I made it to area 3 out of 4 in 46 minutes using a really overpowered flintlock, so it's not the hardest or longest game, at all. It's fun, though, and only 7 bucks."
,Not Recommended,434650,33780262,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,$10 disappointment. Lacking content and replayability. Combat is very slow and tedious. Way too much health on enemies + High damage projectiles = Running in circles -> Sneaking a shot in -> Rinse and repeat.
76561198067692156,Recommended,434650,21892820,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,yac,"Having quite a few rogueli[kt]e games in my collection, I was a little bit skeptic about this game in the beginning, but it got me by its great attention for detail. It's somewhere between Rogue Legacy and Golden Axe. It's hard but fair. Different items have different playstyles, there are some interesting enemies. Pricing policy is fair, the game has received regular updates so far and developers seem to read the Community forums.Instead of classic pros and cons, let me list few random things I liked:- Eat some bananas, throw peels around. Proceed into glorious battle, slip on the banana peels, lose HP.- Eat some bananas in the heat of battle, throw peels around, and lol a foes slip on them. Also, murder them before they get up.- Finish the stage with just a few hp just to watch the reward chest fall on your head and kill you.- There's a fart potion... which made me fail my best run in an undescribably hilarious way.- There's a Dragon weapon with ""Anything can be a weapon"" description. It's a dragon that works like shotgun. Daaayum, can't argue with that.Overall I love it and I look forward to more content and polish."
,Not Recommended,434650,32723590,Posted: 24 June,all,KAffi och mjølkesoggel!,"I'm refunding this game due to problematic gameplay.The game lacks the solid combat mechanics that is neccesary for a good roguelike gameplay. As you will be able to see from many of the other reviews, movement and dodging is a hazzle. Thus bosses and enemies will in many cases seem unfair.I strongly recommend Rampage Knights over this game.Hopefully the combat mechanics of Lost Castle will be fixed in the future."
76561197967219542,Not Recommended,434650,30191214,Posted: 26 February,all,maverickwoe,"Overall, disappointing.You ll progress solo or with a friend through 5 maps in which each room is randomly generated.This makes a high replayability.Then, the second major concept of the game is that you need to progress sufficiently to earn some XP that will allow you to unlock extra abilities or attribute points, though, I never felt the skill tree was really improving your stats and as the cost is exponential, it transforms very quickly to some grinding for XP points.The loots are very simple : health (different food), armor, weapon and potions)Most of the weapons are pretty lame and you ll need quite some luck to find very useful ones.This game is not easy but as it is lacking some fun, it makes a bad combo and soon becomes a chore.the game itself is well done but its game play kills it."
,Not Recommended,434650,29552813,Posted: 28 January,all,Kev@n,frustrating. repetitive. bugged key controls remapping. language issues.got refund
76561198049661572,Not Recommended,434650,32035927,Posted: 28 May,all,Cool Ranch,"It's a pretty generic rouge-like beat em up. It wasn't special in anyway, I guess it was fun for a few hours with my friend, but it just doesn't do anything different enough to make it something unique. Sure, picking up a weapon to change class was kind of cool, but even that loses its touch when you must change weapons to something you don't want to use because it's just better. Sort of like a 99 cent store Castle Crashers, but with less spunk and more grinding."
76561198231588116,Not Recommended,434650,33205063,Posted: 3 July,all,TwitchFlashFire456,"Despite the overwhelming reviews that this is a good game I have to disagree. with only 30 minutes into this castle crashers-esque game I've realized one fatal flaw. Without any form of dodging, most bosses and their attack sequences are unavoidable and are best handled with a ranged weapon. Makes for very boring combat and hardly worthwhile time investment."
,Recommended,434650,25520665,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Maerunes,"Bought this game on a whim, I'm pretty impressed. The first few times dying made it a little hard to stay interested, but once I started getting more souls and perking my next character up it got a lot more fun and a little more fast paced. It always sucks dying and starting from the beginning, but drives you that much further to conserve health and play smart, regardless of how easy the concept."
76561198095082924,Recommended,434650,24430076,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,insomnimania,"This game is kind of clunky, has horrible English translation, you can't choose your class or customize your look...but damn it if it's not fun! The sacrifice system is compelling and pulls you back in. Lots of couch co op goodness here. Loads of fun despite faults."
76561198021658849,Recommended,434650,24504912,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cell,"Dude, those cave people that throw rocks are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Probably the best rogue-like I've played (not that I've played a ton of them, but of the handful I've played this is definitely the best).  Pro-tip:  Dual blades with the shield power is crazy good, got a full play through and beat it with that weapon."
,Recommended,434650,26666393,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lacryma,10/10.Very fun. Nice RPG elements. Very addictive.
,Recommended,434650,24442100,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,UIRR | Kazzer,"Great little roguelike that plays like Castle Crashers with elements of Rogue Legacy.I was excited to get this on sale as my son and I played about 50 hours of Castle Crashers over the years on 360. After playing CC on Steam we realized we kind of got burnt out on it since there is no random generation and we knew what to expect every level. Lost Castle solves this problem and adds even more elements to keep you coming back!It plays very much l ike Castle Crashers as a beat-em-up game with a variety of abilities depending on your gear. However, each playthrough is enhanced through spending earned souls to unlock new abilities and upgrades similar to the castle rooms inRogue Legacy. Likewise, the random rooms of each playthrough really do make each playthrough unique. The local co-op is limited to 2 players as of this writing (not sure if there are plans to change that) and to my knowledge there is no online co-op. The only downside I've come across in my 3 hours is some sketchy text that doesn't appear correctly but everything else runs like a charm.If you like Castle Crashers, you'll love this!Edit 09/02/16: This has only gotten better since the update and official release. Seriously, buy this game!"
,Recommended,434650,21442868,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dash.galaxy,"Bought this on a whim when I saw people comparing it to Castle Crashers and Rogue Legacy. If you're a fan of both of those games, this game was basically made for you. The gameplay is solid and fun, and it combines the best mechanics from both games. I only played 35 minutes, but so far I can say:1. It's a bit easier than Rogue Legacy (I got to the second zone on my second try)2. The combo system isn't as robust as Castle Crashers3. It's fun as heck and feels great to playNo online multiplayer yet but it sounds like that is in the works.Definitely pick this up. It's cheap and worth it."
76561197985307946,Not Recommended,434650,31615162,Posted: 7 May,all,RobertPaulson,"Combination Rogue Legacy and Rampage Knights.  Tons of items and bosses which is great, but the combat/gameplay itself is sadly lacking.  Buy it only on sale or better yet If you don't have Rogue Legacy or Rampage Knights, buy those instead."
76561198050254570,Not Recommended,434650,33527424,Posted: 13 July,all,Kitsume686,"Incredible lag in multiplayer, controls are weird as well ... I did not like it. I do not recommend this to anyone . 0/10 Would rather play something else ."
76561198050822902,Not Recommended,434650,29427080,Posted: 22 January,all,torakalmighty,"Do yourself a favor and play Rogue Legacy or Castle Crashers instead.  The only way to progress with your character is to spend souls you occasionally get from killing enemies, but the game implements a use it or lose mechanic.  So if you are short even one soul to get the upgrade, you have to lose all of them.  This would normally be okay, but everything is just so expensive that you only progress if you get lucky on your character for that run."
76561197974087861,Not Recommended,434650,31476769,Posted: 30 April,all,Merih,Online co-op is limited with friends only. Too bad...
76561198096975977,Recommended,434650,29135293,Posted: 8 January,all,野原新之助,nice game!
76561198349297431,Recommended,434650,32746257,Posted: 24 June,all,Nicolas Cage,iz gud
,Recommended,434650,26664410,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DYYSHR,什么时候出个手游？
76561197999682593,Recommended,434650,33640037,Posted: 18 July,all,BlackTieHitman,"cool game, third area is step up and you need to grind alot to beat it solo."
,Not Recommended,434650,21091157,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Whiskeyplz,"I do not recommend this game based upon only a few issues that have convinced me to give it up for a while.  The idea is new to me, so I like the notion of running the game to constantly build the character but there are some significant flaws that drive me away.Weapon imbalances > This is the most frustrating part.  The staff is the only truly effective weapon, striking fast and with decent reach.  Unfortunately, no other weapons compare so if you don't get one on respawn, it's going to be a slow fight.Pickups require picking up >  Why must I pick up every apple I see.  It should auto-loot these things.Unknown potions > They generally stink, and there's no desire to use them in combat if I am going to gimp myself.  label them or remove them.Localization > English really needs some work.I would wait longer before picking this up."
,Recommended,434650,21226387,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GvXx,buy it ! play it ! and you'll forget to refund :D
76561198103154074,Not Recommended,434650,25368567,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SPAGHETTI,not actually fun
,Recommended,434650,25283208,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Anfronio,Really fun game to pick up and play. Pretty much Rogue Legacy + Castle Crashers. Price point is perfect.
76561197960535577,Recommended,434650,23506134,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Cheeto Boi,"Not gonna lie, this game is pretty dope. I kinda wish it was 4 player co-op, but whatevs. If you don't have this game, you should probably buy it. 8/8"
76561198007562457,Recommended,434650,31165930,Posted: 15 April,all,Jaol,its ok...not great. If you like this kind of game try Rampage Knights much more fluid combat
76561198136454802,Not Recommended,434650,31480374,Posted: 30 April,all,Ahmezerion,"Could be good, i feel weak. Died every time. Then when dead only one option: try agian, then you go to this demon sacrificing souls chart? but you have no souls.....so you respawn again as a new looking character..."
76561197972512402,Recommended,434650,25314850,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mgt83,"Great game, my girlfriend and I played early access for hours. Tho we actually liked the old music better haha It would be totally awesome to have an option to choose between the two :)"
,Recommended,434650,31328324,Posted: 23 April,all,drakeisbossatsg,I Got lost in the Castle help me.great game
,Recommended,434650,23977081,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lopedo,"Despite some bugs (Early Access), Lost Castle is a satisfying, addicting and FUN beat 'em up."
76561198042214767,Recommended,434650,22114622,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Morphling232,"This game is freaking awesome. THUMBS UP to the dev team!The variation of bosses, the seemingly infinite number of items to discover, and addictive gameplay.Definitely worth the money :)"
,Recommended,434650,24473654,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,fnjord,"I think this is the best early access game I have ever played.It looks like an early castle crashers, but plays like a roguelike - early difficulty, slow progress (through repeated dying) and a focus on not getting hurt over combos and acrobatics.Definitely worth a try, especially if you can rope in a friend for the local co-op mode."
76561198047422916,Recommended,434650,24024858,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SlappyHurtPunch,"As other reviewers have pointed out, this game plays like a marriage of Castle Crashers + Rogue Legacy . But it's a happy marriage, so no worries.  It's got a few things that could be a little more polished (audio, etc..), but mechanically it is flawless, and it does have a unique charm. Considering this is an early access game it's extremely playable. Most importantly, it's a few dollars, a bunch of laughs, and a lot of fun."
76561198052720558,Recommended,434650,24141792,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tanakomi,"It is fun, though I wish ther was a way to Decide your weapons class before you just up and restart when you die"
,Recommended,434650,21220443,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,krisko beats,"This game has a lot of potential. I was very skeptical when I played for the first time but after a second try I realized that for early access this is solid. The idea is there and if you have money to spare you should grab it but if you're on a tight budget wait for a while. I sincerely hope the devs will make the game much more responsive in time, add a lot of content and maybe work on the graphics a bit especially with the huge heads the character have.tl;dr - early access, fun multiplayer, lots of potential but still very early."
76561198032456753,Not Recommended,434650,32702944,Posted: 23 June,all,Sky_cancer,"fun game, nice concept BUT sadly unplayablebought it at the same time as a friend,  we had to restart the game at least 5 time in 35min.black screen as soon as you change room and it never load the room."
,Recommended,434650,24023074,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,"Rocks Can't Fly, Neither Can I","Lot's of bugs, but good game, it's still in beta. tbh. I saw boobs so I bought."
76561198341009968,Not Recommended,434650,29178041,Posted: 10 January,all,[red]Silent,这不是很好玩对新人不大友好我还不可以邀请我的好友来玩
76561198265554482,Not Recommended,434650,21127929,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Matthew,"This is one of the games I refunded. That's not to say it's a bad game. It's just a lot cheaper and less satisfying in it's sounds, controls, and gameplay than the similar rampage knight. I'll give it a test once it's been in early access for a few more months.I like investing in games, I just need them to feel solid first and foremost."
76561198132205236,Recommended,434650,31453709,Posted: 29 April,all,Ronan,I had fun....until my controler broke :C
76561198291515833,Not Recommended,434650,30949007,Posted: 4 April,all,Svigefuld,Cant pick up items (Controller)
,Recommended,434650,27257862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,мой нигга аутист,i lik it
76561198087654975,Recommended,434650,26475797,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SenNoKiseki,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Online Coop server!!!Frequent disconnection!!!
76561197988584612,Recommended,434650,26444307,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,RedeyeJedi,great game
,Recommended,434650,27250312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spectrance,fun game
,Not Recommended,434650,31591942,Posted: 6 May,all,Butts LFT,"This is a horrible game and here is why, without writing out 10 paragraphs.It isn't well designed. If you had a reliable way to evade damage that'd be great. But you don't. To compensate for that damage, a way to heal, but you don't. The leveling system is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and give you no real advantage. Spending 10 points in it offers no noticeable gameplay change. Gee, that extra 5 health sure saved me. Overall it could've been a great game, but a few very important mechanics are missing. It isn't well thought out and leaves you with a dumb playstyle that doesn't flow."
76561197998724086,Not Recommended,434650,23939208,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Slacker,becomes incredibly irritating quickly.
76561198099821881,Recommended,434650,26097259,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,陆君子,a  nice  game
,Recommended,434650,25297520,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Treywolf,"Enjoyed it in early access, but improved in nearly every way as an official title.  10/10"
76561198026882755,Not Recommended,434650,31452298,Posted: 29 April,all,Fumbles,"Had to play through the tutorial three times because the controls locked up (I could hear sound, but all buttons stopped functioning). Some playthroughs I can't pick up any items at all, for some reason. Keyboard controls don't allow you to map to mouse, unnecessarily making it 10x harder to play without a gamepad. Your attacks are linear, but several enemies (particularly bosses) have radial attacks that are essentially impossible to avoid."
76561197987761138,Not Recommended,434650,29877386,Posted: 12 February,all,ShadowDatsas,"This is what a failed rogue-like looks like.It is very repetitive and progress is done 95% by playing the game again and again to get better stats.Very small variation overall, almost all changes offered by the game is by changing your stat numbers.Boring overall, even though I played it in local co-op.I would not recommend!"
,Recommended,434650,25580409,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Beldarak,"Great title! (I mainly play it in co-op fyi)Pros:* Roguelike with permanent progress* Responsive gameplay. It just feels right (fluid, you don't get stuck by enemies,...)* Good difficulty curve (though some bosses feels weaker than others of the same level, like the giant spider which is very, very easy(might be because of co-op))* The music is absolutely gorgeous and WILL get stuck in your head ;)* Some funny buff/debuff effects from potionsCons:* Few instances where you can get stuck in co-op because you died on a trap so your friend can't resurect you* Some minor bugs/issues here and there but the game still receive updates apprently.One (if not the) of my favourite game in this genre."
,Recommended,434650,24071946,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,If you like Roguelites you'll ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameRogue Legacy/Castle Crashers hybrid.Pros-Fun AFRogue litenice animationscolorful vibrant areas and creaturescons-it's still in beta so there is room for more contentbut some might see that as a pro that's up to youDecision-BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! 10/10 for the price of 6bucks right now it's a damn good deal definitely worth
,Recommended,434650,21306704,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Isaac,"Very nice game, love most things about it, the only downside for me is that it has very poor spelling and sometimes makes no sense, which doesn't effect the game but it makes the whole experience less immersive."
76561197961245251,Recommended,434650,21666135,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,StiffeBiffe,Great mix of Castle crashers and Rogue Legacy
,Recommended,434650,21333821,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,wafflez #sux@CSGO,Fun game when you are bored.
76561198010347489,Recommended,434650,21830613,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,porcoddio a pedali,"great game, i'm lovin it, say rogue legacy, with item variety like binding of isaac all shaked up and made even more interesting"
,Recommended,434650,24188710,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,WebSoldier228,Game is tons of fun. Like dungeons and dragons but with the old TMNT arcade gameplay with roguelike gameplay.Pro: -Easy EASY to learn-FUN-FUNCons: -WAY TOO HARD I've played for almost 6 hours and still have not been 2nd level but pretty close (6 levels I think)-Warriors and close range classes SUCK!!!!!!!!!!! Only mages/shotgunners/bowman are useful in this game....Everytime me and my girl get the warriors we always complain.Please developer fix these 2 problems but you rock because this game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,434650,24141790,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lynel,game is really good and fun but would be better if you could attack up and down too instead of just left and right
,Recommended,434650,24160543,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DEEP FIST,More fun that a swedish magic show
,Recommended,434650,24162100,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bruuaga,probably my favorite roguelike. plenty of weapons and diversityto make every run unique!
76561198042198079,Recommended,434650,22800825,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Stream,very good game. just one thing. i noticed that the continue button says continues. you should prob fix that
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,434650,31647179,Posted: 9 May,all,zann1001,"I haven't tried multiplayer, but I think it should yield some hours of fun if, and only if, drunk.Regarding singleplayer: If you LOVE countless hours of SILLY, repetitive, unrewarding GRIND, boy, I have a game for you..."
,Recommended,434650,26398940,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ExquisiteCorpse,I thought people hated this game. Children.
76561198040339283,Not Recommended,434650,27616551,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Folded Cactus,"Just get Rampage Knights, a game with same concept but with better controls."
76561198103190657,Not Recommended,434650,25488786,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kittyjoe,Literally one of the hardest games i have ever played. i honestly want to beat my head in my desk evrytime i die. that being said i feel the only time you can go relatively far with are the weapons that have a ranged attack. fun game but needs work. i only recommend this game if you want to stress yourself out.
76561198163641355,Not Recommended,434650,22318170,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hwsong8,Worst game ever!Same enemies over and overgot tired of swinging weaponsupgrades through revival are tiny benefits -don't work properly because it's a slight diferrence
76561198038708543,Recommended,434650,25299010,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mahlad29,"Great fun, highly recommended."
76561198171467571,Recommended,434650,25301311,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lataleman,game is dope
76561198204885083,Recommended,434650,25384091,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gotham Fortress,10/10Lost Castle brings the anger out of you everytime you die and when you get sh*t loot.
,Recommended,434650,21345033,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,futique808,I am editing my review after playing with my son some more.  This is a lot like Rampage Knights.  If you like this game you will probably like Rampage Knights as well.  I do think this game gets a lot right though after playing more.  I just want to see more content added.
76561198284317925,Recommended,434650,21982405,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DeswoIChherKomm777,I really enjoy replaying this Game.If you liked Castle Crushers you will love this.Only Con is that it isnt finished yet.
76561198025468353,Recommended,434650,25381902,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,WigWam,"Lost Castle is an action RPG rouge like.  There's a ton of variety in weapons and armor, a huge skill tree to upgrade, and more then enough content to keep you coming back for more and more.  It doesn't do much that you haven't seen before but what it does, it does well.  If you like Rouge-like's this one is definitely worth checking out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AicOecUoRU4"
76561198249584278,Recommended,434650,24387505,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mr_dubie,Pretty fun game. lots of phat lutz that make or break your early run through and variety of different starting classes . All in all pretty solid gameplay my only complaint is that it needs Network Co-op.
76561198007949194,Recommended,434650,25383123,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ace,"Bought this game just to have something to play with my friend and WOW worth every penny! Its like Rogue legacy and Castle Crashers. The Co-op is a little buggy but thats to be expected with a new release. My only fears for this game is a lack of future DLC, please please dont let this game Die with a lack of DLC like Rogue Legacy and Castle Crashers."
76561198121532017,Recommended,434650,21320913,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Reek,"this game is very difficult, you need to focus a lot to not die, and when you die you are punished hard,(sent back to the start of the game with none of your items) i literally just died on the last boss of the game. however, this game is a very enjoyable and challenging experience (it also has multiplayer)10/10must try it"
,Recommended,434650,31599827,Posted: 7 May,all,Azariz,"Here is my chocolate mouse recipe.Ingredients:2 cups chilled heavy cream4 large egg yolks3 tablespoons sugar1 teaspoon vanilla7 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), choppedGarnish: lightly sweetened whipped creamSpecial equipment: an instant-read thermometerThats how we do it:Heat 3/4 cup cream in a 1-quart heavy saucepan until hot. Whisk together yolks, sugar, and a pinch of salt in a metal bowl until combined well, then add hot cream in a slow stream, whisking until combined. Transfer mixture to saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until it registers 160°F on thermometer. Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl and stir in vanilla.Melt chocolate in a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water (or in a glass bowl in a microwave at 50 percent power 3 to 5 minutes), stirring frequently. Whisk custard into chocolate until smooth, then cool.Beat remaining 1 1/4 cups cream in a bowl with an electric mixer until it just holds stiff peaks. Whisk one fourth of cream into chocolate custard to lighten, then fold in remaining cream gently but thoroughly.Spoon mousse into 8 (6-ounce) stemmed glasses or ramekins and chill, covered, at least 6 hours. Let stand at room temperature about 20 minutes before serving.oh and dont forgetMousse can be chilled up to 1 day!!!"
76561198046160195,Not Recommended,434650,30954233,Posted: 4 April,all,Mad Chieftain,50/100
76561198093167614,Recommended,434650,24128288,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dick Slapper is back,Pros:- 2 players coop game. Although you need other controller for the other player.- High graphic game with less system requirements.- Cool action moves for every weapon.- A lot of different monster and dungeon to encounter.Cons:- none so far :)
,Recommended,434650,24256081,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DLG ^^,Decided to pick up this game and I dont regret it! Great gameplay and smooth graphics. My only con is not being able to choose your class before you start. 8/10 Deffinatly recommend.
76561198062837128,Recommended,434650,24297159,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Not A Dirtbag,"Lost Castle is a brawler at it's heart with roguelike elements and an upgrade system similar to Rogue Legacy. You get as far as you can, defeating baddies and bosses and collecting their souls along the way, then spend the souls on upgrades when you die, then discard the souls you were unable to spend.There's a variety of weapons, melee and ranged, which have unique abilites in their respective categories (daggers, swords, spears, etc). As of now the weapons feel quite unbalanced, which is my only real complaint so far. The magic staff is my fav, once you pick one up you'll never want anything else!Imo, Lost Castle is definitely worth the $8 as of now. Even in early access it feels like a finished game and I'm having a lot of fun. Also, it's coop so grab a friend and have a blast!"
76561198327932787,Recommended,434650,25377575,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,20717048,"This game is not very friendly to newbys of Rug type game. After playing for over 10 hours I have NEVER surivied to see the boss of chapter 3. In first two chapeters the minions are two or three types of attack method which is ok to be coped with. Once I got into chapter 3, I can easily see 4 types of different minions of chargers, range and high agility minions, and sneakers. After the update of 1.05 it feels like easier to cope with cave barberous people now. Cheers team"
76561198185044234,Recommended,434650,25449833,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GamingOtter,"Definitely a good game. It does take a lot of grinding, but it's still fun doing that, since grinding is basically playing the game over and over."
,Recommended,434650,25665495,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FacepalmRunner,"Great! Seems like the dev team do care about this game and keep imporving it. Many problems I mentioned in the last review has been fixed or adjusted (including the unresponsive control issue). They also added some new gears in game. And further more, THERE IS AN ONLINE CO-OP MODE NOW!!Recommend to give it a try if you'd like a little beat 'em up game!"
,Recommended,434650,25847249,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Rainbow.Yumo,"A nice rouge-like game“I would not tell I have played for 20h”The game just remind me of childhood, the time for playing 2D fighting game...Meanwhile, I think the multi-play mode should be more interesting ."
,Recommended,434650,22114831,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Draponek,Just great.
76561198140981875,Recommended,434650,22884445,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Chibi Revan,"My previous review had been negative (comments on the review were from before I switched to a positive attitude about the game just FYI). However, devs contacted me (whaaat? Devs? Contact such mere players? I have hope for this game), and assured me that several of the issues I noted would be fixed. And they did not disappoint.PROS:-Many annoying glitches/bugs have been fixed. This has made the game much more enjoyable to play (obviously).-Fairly regular updates. New areas, monsters, bosses, and improvements to English text were made last update, and constant bug fixes happen. To me, this is very good.-Boss diversity. This was a HUGE plus for me. None of the bosses are really the same. Some of them may have similar fighting styles, but their techniques and attacks are all different. It takes actual strategy to beat these buggers.-Art style. This may seem miniscule, but I really enjoy the art to this game. It just makes it all the more enjoyable in the long run.-Grinding has been reduced. Oh, praise the sun! Grinding in any game gets boring and repetitive. Lost Castle has done a good job of minimizing grind, and maximizing fun. Good on ya devs!CONS:-Game can get a little repetitive. Not a super huge issue, as the devs have done really well in randomizing rooms, so you don't really notice it a whole lot. And each room is generally packed with different stuff to keep it interesting.-Nightmare mode is HARD. Past the point of being challenging (for me anyway) and just into the realm of somewhat frustrating.I have a lvl 70ish character, and I still can't run nightmare mode all that well. Of course, I might just suck at the game. That's entirely possible XD But they weren't kidding about calling it ""Nightmare"" mode.Overall, I think these devs have definitely done a splendid job in cutting bugs and glitches, and resolving text/grind problems. Lost Castle has become a rather enjoyable game. Playing it with my little bro is fun, except he doesn't really get the concept of a roguelike just yet XDI'd rate it an 8/10 not perfect, but very enjoyable."
76561198028080037,Recommended,434650,24096905,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,viciousst,A slightly less polished but still quite polished Rogue Legacy-meets-castle crashers.Difficult - especially at first - but there is absolutley a sense of progression.
,Recommended,434650,24241343,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nether,"A beat-em-up with unlocks, progression, and a nice difficulty curve. Don't think twice, get it!"
,Recommended,434650,24467080,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ari,"So I'm the kind of person who gets really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I die a ton, but in this game, death isn't bad at all. In fact, getting killed is needed to make yourself stronger and stronger each time. When I die I'm not even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, because every time you die you add in points to your skill tree to make yourself stronger. This game is awesome and extremely addicting. I'm loving the variety of weapons, potions, and armors. I'm also extremely excited to see how OP I will be later on. There are some bugs, but it's expected since this game is still in its beta. Great game!"
,Recommended,434650,24547816,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,otresnjak,"A seriously addictive, if sometimes a bit rough and amateurish, hybrid of Rogue Legacy and Castle Crashers. With some bug fixes, balancing, and general polish it could be truly great, but as it it's already a lot of fun. The character and monster designs are entertaining, and the selection of weapons if varied and fun."
76561198045916070,Recommended,434650,24595295,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CheesyTits,"Game seems like a lot of fun, difficult enough to be challenging (rather than too easy like a lot of games these days -_-) but not so hard that it's impossible. The art style is cute and moving through the game and getting loot feels very satisfying.Can't wait for more updates and multiplayer to be applied :)"
76561198044365226,Recommended,434650,25334929,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,epishade,"Very fun game to play with friends.  There are a lot of weapons to choose from each with various unique abilities.  Gameplay can get a little repetitive sometimes, but I think with a lot of roguelikes out there that is to be expected since you are replaying the entire game over and over again with each death.  The developers also seem to be pretty responsive to criticism and updates, and that is very nice to see.A few changes I would like seeing:1.  I think this game would suit 4 people even better than just 2.  I see no reason that you wouldn't be able to add 2 extra players to this game.  The graphics interface for 2 people ends at the middle of the screen from the left side, so it's not even like they'd have to find room for player 3 and 4.  They could extend it to the right.2.  I sorta liked the goblin castle music during early access.  It seemed sorta goofy and funny.  When I started it up yesterday I noticed it had changed to a more upbeat serious tone.  I hope we might get a feature to customize music for levels if possible, but I know that's a bit to ask for.3.  Increase player speed.  We walk too slow to effectively dodge enemy attacks.  It's not impossible to dodge them as it is, but being faster would be a huge quality-of-life upgrade and make you feel more in control of your character rather than just losing because of the player's low speed restriction.  I think a lot of people who play this game probably feel the same way.Other things I think of to balance the game a bit more might be to slow down the attack speed of the trees in act 2.  Those guys are not fun to fight at all.  And also decrease damage taken to zero when holding up a shield.  There is no reason to hold up your shield when you think you might be hit because you'd almost always rather dodge the attack instead.  This makes the sword and shield quite underpowered weapons compared to the other ones in my opinion.I'd recommend this game to anyone who's looking for fun co-op games with one other friend, and I hope the developers take my suggestions into account for future updates."
,Recommended,434650,25335140,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"A nice brawler, a bit repetitive on the moves, luckily related to weapons, with several items to discover, however i find the difficulty bar set a bit high, i don't dislike roguelikes but in 5 hrs of playing i didn't manage to beat 2 bosses in a row out of the route of 5. Interesting but doesn't last long because i don't like to repeat too many times by diying easily. To say the truth you need to care about any single move to get properly towards the end, it means patience, albeit there are several procedural changes that could involve in exploring more, such as the items or the mobs."
,Recommended,434650,25352367,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Din,"If you like Castle CrashersIf you like Rogue Legacy...Get this game.It has some pros of CC & Rogue Legacy,and tosses some cons away (Replay value is much higher than CC) (Platform jumping/timing from RL is not here xD)Am addicted, just bought it. 3.3 hours already ;w;..."
,Recommended,434650,25412636,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,yiqiaozhong10,Very addicting game!
76561198022392328,Recommended,434650,25444694,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Giki,"Lost castle is the offspring of Castle crashers and Darkest dungeon. It is a very fun dungeon crawler with roguelike aspects (Only one Life). The bosses are difficult as you can see in my first attempt at a playthrough (Link at bottom of the page). There seems to be a variety of weapons from a musket, mage staff, throwing knives etc and various unknown potions which have a magnitude of effects. I drank one potion that basically shot down random bolts of lightening which even damaged myself..There are A LOT of controls when using the keyboard it is also controller friendly however the keyboard was a bit overwhelming at first. I was able to adapt to it fairly quickly thoughThe combat is fun and certainly challanging especially the bosses. Stun locking trash mobs is quite effective with ranged weapons and it is fun to do! You get a dash/backstep/dodge move depending on what weapon you have. I got a backstep with the musket but a teleport when I picked up a mage staff. It is a nice mechanic that gets switched up depending on if you want to upgrade your weapon.The story is simple but again that isnt why you play a dungeon crawler / roguelike it is more for the challange and the Lost castle definately is challenging.Check out my gameplay if you want to see me get absolutely wrecked by the first boss, I think Dark souls is easier!https://youtu.be/wAmaBJ3gziE"
76561197993466054,Recommended,434650,25503817,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Regent | IDFWU (>'.')>,"People are complaining about this game diffcutly. I think it is set just right. I mean youre not gonna just stand there and keep hitting the monsters and not think you wont get hit. And yes i died many time. So after learning the physics of the game it got easier. Its a bit of luck but with the right weps like the staff and bow. You should be able to clear the stages pretty easy. I am trying to beat it on Nightmare mode but thats proven to be pretty hard eith only 5 hours of gameplay haha. Maybe after i max out atk, def, and spd itll be easier.I do believe there should be some sort of dash button. Its kind of hard teleporting with the staff or a lil dash back with the bow. Maybe even a double jump. Not sure atm. Maybe after 20 hours of gameplay i can give a better review. This is more like a vent lmao. great game tho."
76561198326342711,Recommended,434650,25548641,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Davecovet,"This game surprise me very much!It's full of randomness,and all kinds of weapons,armours,items are full of creativity.The only thing need to work on it is the interactivity,but it's a new game,so take your time,I will wait for you!"
,Recommended,434650,25580183,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,K3,"The game is simple and in my opinion, FLAWLESS! it is perfectly made! the characters are cute and the battles are the best for this kind of game.. I love it and it is a perfect game to bond with your family"
,Recommended,434650,25675260,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Teh Is A Noob,Gr8 game.
,Recommended,434650,25701780,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MrPancakeBushido,"Great couch game- my only critque is that the price of upgrades scales up a tad too quickly.UPDATE:On top of that, the devs are on top of getting quick fixes out, and respond to bug reports switfly."
76561198079034292,Recommended,434650,25796689,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Borbeni Boro,Lost Castle is like a box of chocolate. You never know what you gonna get.
76561198042292004,Recommended,434650,25847644,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RoHPhoenix,Fun game but the co-op is only 2 players would be more fun if we could play at 3 or 4 players
76561198077531063,Recommended,434650,25952558,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chou Wai,"I knew this game at game convention ""Game Start"" 2016 in Singapore. This game developer was helding an event to see who can get the most soul. I was one of player and I played the game until the developer told to stop because it was their time to go home.Good to know this game and I found this is amazing while combining the ""beat them up"" and ""action RPG"" genre, as well as ""dark soul"" which you will game over for a lot of time until you can clear the stage.This made me play the game until 6am. The random generating of map and monsters is great and you won't feel bore for each time you play. It is like a total new stage."
,Recommended,434650,25952975,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Qworp,This is the best honestly. I love this game. It might be very difficult and in a need of a update brining checkpoints but this game is amazing. I first got and played it with my friend brady and we love it! It is a great game to sink your teeth into and it brings tons of hours of fun. It is a really addictive game and don't be suprised to play this game all night. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME.
76561198026711285,Recommended,434650,26130077,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,it's lit
76561198094030505,Recommended,434650,21398062,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DKwingSON,"Lost CastleI assure you this is a great game which is totally worthy of its price, not a perfect game but still fun 2 play. Now LOSTCASTLE is basically a combination of the older version of ‘Ramage Kight’ and the talent system in ‘Rouge Legacy’, but it’s still very funny(it’s the 0.05v I’m playing, so I’m really excited bout what gonna happen in the future)+ diverse equipment await to be unlocked+ funny talent system+ relaxing and colorful art style+ impressive background music for boss fight+ suitable difficulty coefficient- short game flow- poor replaying value(which is absolutely endurable for a Rougelike game)- unbalanced designs of weapon- useless passive skills8/10"
76561198079070519,Recommended,434650,21655683,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SelinaKat,"I really like this game, within minutes of beginning I became addicted despite some of its obvious grammatical errors and certain aspects (such as constantly changing into character class that I don't want). I look forward to playing this game once all the bugs are fixed, and maybe some of the designs are retouched."
,Recommended,434650,21399275,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ocean,"General (8.5/10)2016/2/22 updated the two week experience, and in the text below. Due to length restrictions, deleted some of the original content, leaving only the equipment evaluation part, for the time being as weapon guide.-- -- -- --I first talk about the whole experience for Lost Castle: very good against the flu, moderate difficulty (for children should be mixed with a large arcade is not difficult), but only a few rich useful weapons, equipment, props, design more excellent monster (the latter is the last two BOSS), see the face the stochastic system and the system of sacrifice dish of chicken savior. Because I have not played other RL games, so it is used as a horizontal plate at the pass of the game, is pretty good.Talk about the advantages and disadvantages of all kinds of weapons, one of which is the core of the game:1 double knife, super high attack speed, long combos (which means more slowly to break the body, and the greater utilization of weapons (enchantments). The special technology is sprint, in my opinion is the special technology of the most outstanding in this game. Although the attack over a short distance, but the use of good sprint skill, double knife is very powerful. BOSS hit the fastest weapons, but also my most love weapons. Run in figure A, BOSS war S.2 guns. Large attack distance, fast attack speed and PA broken body. The special technology to take the floor after the jump, feeling useless, can be added to hide some of the projectile combo. A simple weapon of violence. In the hands of novice veteran should be an artifact. Run in figure S, BOSS war A+.3 sword and shield. The same is fast attack speed and PA broken body, attack distance, feel like castrated version of pike. The special technology to shield, like a chicken ribs, the shield can not completely block after damage can only reduce injury, and was hit hard straight. Under the proposed changes to the shield, otherwise it really made the staff skills. Run in figure A, BOSS war A.4 sword, with almost spear attack distance, attack speed and PA broken body slow. But because of the excellent range, for PA broken body demand is not so high. The special technology Pactrometer attack, like a chicken ribs, the holding time is too long, the range of damage and co.. As a special skill is to be modified. Sword class skills are relatively good, a lot of great damage skills are very good. Run in figure S, BOSS war A.The following are long-range weapons more vulnerable, because I use are not many, we briefly talk about.Run chart: > > gun bow staves, BOSS and musket staves: bow > >.In the first two compared low, long-range weapons still can. After the two pass then almost have to rely on more powerful skills, only by the attack can hit you. BOSS war is still the only bully the first two off, because the output efficiency is too low and the performance of BOSS is much lower than that of melee weapons.The staff of the awful Pugong, staff almost can play CD stream, personally think that a weapon near the chicken ribs. I think the next developer staff how to consider.The last point is about the props, did not find what the special needs of missiles, but these pylons scarecrow is still of some use. Hope to strengthen the next missile, every time is flying everywhere but I bother to pick it.-- -- -- --2016/2/22 updateIt took little time to experience the next two weeks, still no clearance, have to say is two weeks of descent (African how?) Double test and technology. Because a week almost is playing in melee, comments a friend mentioned that bows the feasibility, and the key to experience ranged weapon.Before the start, you must first clear two week in the end is what? That is the ""monster high attack +BOSS + Monster nausea (combination) swift"". So in my opinion, flexible weapons can survive in two weeks. The better under high pressure.To say is flexible, we naturally think of the special technology for sprint double knife. But the double flexible is not limited to sprint technology, Pugong shot a quick and flexible embodiment, see timely close hand and escape a factor is very important in charge or other strange sprint ranged attack. But because the attack distance is too short, and not very strong AOE skills (a crystal impression, resulting in double wall) in the two week in need of knife position and operation of a large number, so I don't think it is the most suitable to accompany us through two weeks.Then another flexible weapons in two weeks off the lead out. It is a ranged weapon in the critically acclaimed musket. I had a week to review criticized long-range weapons compared to melee weapons is too slow, the efficiency of BOSS is too low. In the two week is extremely squeezed living space of melee weapons, have no a week head station Lu capital, the advancing speed is also greatly reduced, which makes the gun position in my heart, a top. So in the end where guns? 1 shot a hard straight. 2 single high power. 3 excellent range and AOE ability. 4 good jump skills. 5 silly, ye will jump shot! BOSS can adjust the position and make personal jump continuously in the jump, give full play to the grandpa Mao guerrilla theory gun, for the first time I feel at ease at two weeks (best play to the final BOSS). If you hit the earthquake shoes, please be sure to experience a monster in the heap of joy jump shot Pleasure.The rest of the weapons, in two weeks in the eyes of more outstanding performance I think is the sword. The giant sword has a strong AOE skills (shock wave LV3, saber blade, trial (?) It is very powerful, and his normal attack skills) can easily break people blame submachine charge (people charge blame PA body only in leap when the sword can easily split the distance away when he jumped to interrupt him), so I think he is, for two weeks. The most simple the utility of melee weapons.Long in my opinion has not changed, but the sword and shield at fourth is very bad, if not get physics holy sword, the best in fourth before to replace him.Bow up slightly in the two week of the destination, the reason is the same with guns. But its special attack before it did not shake than long guns, displacement skills, not jump shot, so it was completely covered by the light gun. But most of the time it's performance can go and melee weapons.The last is the staff, staff were still. I have tried the possibility of staff, finally found only meteorites (with CD flow teleport pull + drag CD, meteorite skills can be used, full screen seckill) running speed is not too slow, but BOSS is still very slow. (in fact, the wolf people can also play, special attacks to the vampire werewolf, the survival ability of♥♥♥♥♥♥fly, but this seems to be the only weapon to trigger a special room to get another werewolf) crystal staff skills is also very good, but I got the crystal rod remain blinking, BUG do not know or design mistakes. Have got the students to tell me about.Finally give you tips a little skill.The following 1 lines really don't learn!In the final 2 skills to explore the road of not learning, according to popular experiences, special scene shops and slots which appear in the above and below.3 high grade, BOSS get more soul this skill is very helpful for you to upgrade the level of.4 don't add low-level skills, because the game in each level, all the skills required for the soul to +2, based on advanced skills needed on the soul itself, if the high level to go to school, will lead to 200 may make a soul. So I suggest that the end point of three chest three weapons to put a layer of ultimate skill point full back before learning skills. It is because I am wrong later led to high skill upgrade progress abnormal slow.5 banana peel fell invincible, many times are magical. (the hair which has a relationship with the skills ah)"
,Recommended,434650,21726588,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The Sun Bro,"A funny Arcade game that I play in between my harder playthroughts.  The game is still beta, but the developer is very active and we have new itens, content and patches on a weekly basis.It can be difficult and challenging sometimes, but there are some overpowered builds.Its a fun, promising game and it really deserves all the praise and good reviews that it has been receiving."
,Recommended,434650,21881419,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bearded Gamer,Really great dungeon crawl game that evolves each  time you play it.  The weapons are really fun to explore and learn to find your favorite ones.
76561198151763140,Recommended,434650,22210083,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Watchman,creaters theres a bug were i cant move backwords and keep moving forward plz do something
76561198116388254,Recommended,434650,21380925,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,seanflynn87,best co op game on here
76561198028667292,Recommended,434650,21658820,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lyk,Am I the only one who thinks the enemies sound like either a chicken or Banjo-Kazooie?﻿
76561198052569696,Recommended,434650,21544252,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Carlos,The game feels very short right now but its still a lot of fun.
76561198055541620,Recommended,434650,21614667,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dill Dough,A very fun and well done game that captures the feeling of the old dungeon games. One reccomendation would be to have someone go through and spell proof the writing to make it more proper.
76561198068790481,Recommended,434650,21734632,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,BitingBird,I enjoy this game  <3 worth money you have to pay for it.
,Recommended,434650,21861575,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Big Ole Doinks,"Where to start? Really fun combat, lots of random weapons to find along your journey, they constantly change and you unlock new ones, also the runs are never the same and you never know what to expect and some bad♥♥♥♥♥tunes. It's pretty much a hack and slash game minus the need for hours of grinding. Very simple, great movement, hitboxes and control, I'd  would like to also mention it has a very nice balance of difficulty.The only thing i've disliked is that most potions seem negative and they are always uknown. I think It would be nice if once you've drank a certain type you learn its effects, but it's not really a big deal though. The farting potion was a funny discovery, I had a great set of items and got pretty far, was low hp, drank the potion in hopes of some healing, but instead got uncontrollable fart syndrome. I walked into my cloud and died. My own beef betrayed me... It was so funny I couldn't even be mad. Great game overall.I am the best fighter."
,Recommended,434650,21881492,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[TPN] r1ce,"Played 10+ hours,farthest ever made was the spider forest thingy place idk,and addictive,swet(sweet) 10/10."
76561198277143955,Recommended,434650,22014984,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,千冬丶,很有趣的2d横版游戏各种奇葩的道具多种不同的武器，随机而得还有随机获得的特殊道具共有4关，每关随机从2-3个boss中选择一只每关中都有藏宝室，而你能否进去，看的是运气，以及后天可惜，现在关卡还太少，地图也少不过总体来说还是很有趣的！
76561198101039258,Recommended,434650,22284055,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Highlord -TPF-,"Pros:Great combatFluid animationsNice level designGood artFun bosses""Just one more life"" mentalityCons:Terrible looping of musicsound effects are mediocre at bestDialogue suffers from bad translations""Just one more life"" mentalityIt's still early access though but I love this game"
76561198141668630,Recommended,434650,22293842,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ioritiancai,国人游戏不解释。
76561198017844035,Recommended,434650,22349473,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Domolution,"Game is awesome! Replayability is so-so. You keep playing to max out your perks, but then theres really nothing else to do. All the discussions are in chinese so don't know when theres gonna be an upcoming update or anything. Been over a month with no word.Love this game and can't go wrong for killing a few hours for 8$."
76561198071261933,Recommended,434650,22602822,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fluffy,"its a nice game,keep updating with interesting details"
76561198026217829,Recommended,434650,24738912,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,dro0p,"This is truely a fantastic game. By far the best ""early access"" game I have ever played.In the very beginning I thought it was a bit slow and simple.. but once you get a bit into the game you notice it has much more to offer then it shows.The surprises keep coming when you think you've seen it all.. even more new items, new bosses that pop up, randomness of the dungeons. The ""skill tree"" works surprisingly well and it is really well thought out.nothing but thumbs up from me."
76561198082910254,Recommended,434650,26063212,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,妮娜的红狼Jet,游戏是个好游戏，就是联机的时候容易掉线。it's so easy to off online when i play with my friend :)
,Recommended,434650,21606433,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SuperhumanOG,I love games like this. Simple. Tons of fun. Infinite replayability. Keep up the great work guys!!!
76561197991411278,Recommended,434650,21936748,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,shiney1972,"The game is fantastic.One slight problem.  Out of nowhere, all the text turned to  chinese.  I don't know why.  I dont know how to turn it back into english.  I'm going to take classes to learn chinese so I can play this game again.Unless someone knows how to turn it back.  I'd be forever grateful."
76561198096522410,Recommended,434650,22926990,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,M.Lancey,that is so good
76561198025058608,Recommended,434650,23985478,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Madafa,"Great and charming Dungeon Crawler Roguelike game with dozens and dozens of different types of weapons, armours, and hilarious items. It totally worth the price, If you can endure the difficulty, die! die! die! ;)"
76561198169577791,Recommended,434650,23992740,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ACD239,"Put Castle Crashers, Rogue Legacy and The Binding of Isaac in a blender and this is what you get.... Awesome :D"
,Recommended,434650,25348787,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gibbsman,Love this game. Reminds me of my favorite roguelike Rogue Legacy.
76561198156920035,Recommended,434650,25351236,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,♛Banshee♛,In general I love this game. The one thing I belive would make this game amazing is character customization.
76561198027799488,Recommended,434650,25468884,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,elrim208,"I highly recommend this game for people who like the games Castle Crashers and Rogue Legacy.  It has the combat style of Castle Crashers with all the rogue-like elements you would come to expect from Rogue Legacy.  I don't think it does any thing particularly earth shatteringly innovative, but it does what it set out to do really well - make a game with randomized content that is fun to play for hours on end.I particularly enjoy the weapon/armor system that gives you some options on how your character plays based on the weapons you are given (or find), and the armor synnergies make certain armors more appealing to different weapon types.  It feels awesome to get lucky enough to find a good combination.  The passive items are also a neat addition, and there are certainly enough items to make each run feel fresh.My only complaint is that the game is currently only 2 players couch co-op and I think the game would be much more fun with up to 4 players.  There are certainly balance issues that they would have to address in order to make the game still challenging, but I think it would make the game an absolutely blast.Overall, the game is great fun.  I highly recommend it, and for the price point, it's well worth the money."
76561198093399415,Recommended,434650,22700815,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,razorG,"Very good game indeed.  It is most unussual in that in most games you start off with a nice easy tutorial and the game gradually gets harder.  In lost castle it's the opposite.  You start off with nothing and you will find the first half hour very difficult but then with each death you get mana points to upgrade.  So after an hour of playing it then becomes very enjoyable slaying all the beasts that you previously had so much trouble against at the start of the game.  I found this very rewarding to see this progress being made as each playthrough got easier and easier.  In the 4 hours I have sunk in I have so far got to the 3rd world out of 4.  Im sure more will be added as the game is in early access.The game then went from an 8 out of 10 to a full on 10 out 10 instantly when all of a sudden the weapon of my dreams appeared.  I walked into the main starting area and there was the ultimate weapon waiting for me, begging for me to take it infact.  It wasn't a rocket launcher or a chainshaw oh no.  It was a giant fish.  Yes you heard me right a fish!!  I was like a little kid at xmas as my face lit up.  I grasped the 2 foot beauty with both hands and charged into the dungeon to unleash hell.  I have to say I have had few gaming moments as satisfying than slapping everyone silly with a wet fish.  If only there werent laws in place in the real world to prevent this from being a reality.  I could think of at least half a dozen people I would love to club to death with a fish.  Well club to death is maybe a little harsh but certainly half a dozen people I would like to stick in A and E overnight using this as my method for achieving that.Anyway back to the game, I love it and have no hesitation in strongly thumbing this one up."
,Recommended,434650,24090479,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"This games takes a little too much from Rogue Legacy in terms of game progression. But it works quite well.The beat em up mechanics feels a little too simplistic at first, but after a while it works for the variety of weapons and items along the way. Hitting the enemies feels a little stiff too.The randomic levels are a little shallow becaus it doesn't let you backtrack and seek out good stuff before moving on, which is something that usually is a good thing for me in roguelikes.The only really bad thing here is sound design. Music is boring and badly looped, and overall sounds are blend and repetitive.Overall, the game is fun and engaging, despite some weak choices of design and gameplay.7/10"
76561197962768104,Recommended,434650,24484343,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gibby,Fun simple game similar to the binding of Isaac and ol school Golden Axe.  Fun co op mode.  Difficult game that requires grinding to be strong enough to keep progressing.  Bad thing is if you die you start back from the begining but some may not mind this.  Definitely more fun when you are playing with someone.
76561198243556450,Recommended,434650,24697563,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MTG_Forever,"About three revisions ago I purchased this game (on sale, I think). I found this to be, for the most part, balanced. It has a wide selection of weapons, disposable items, and upgrades (both after the ""mission"" and during).Having said that, in this latest series of patches that balance is thrown off.The random weapons seem to have more negative ""enchantment"" than they used to.There used to be this occurrence where in the second half the weapons from chests and through the mini-shop were more powerful than the first half. There used to be a standard starting price for the ""blacksmith"" too. Now he seems to charge more in latter stages.The enemies grew progressively more difficult and the chicken would heal 5 more hp (which was great considering the sacrifice cost 50 hp and the chicken healed 50 hp).Some of the purchased upgrades don't seem to work as regularly. The healing-when-enemy-slain happens less frequently. The revealing-of-alternate-path happens less frequently as well (I don't know if the value was changed or what).The new stage (in the middle) is, on average, more difficult than the other stages were and have become. That is except for maybe the last stage, sometimes.Although it does satisfy my inner geek to have the statistics when the game is completed it is SO FRUSTRATING when I can have 4000 damage dealt against me and live and have less damage dealt against me and die.Having logged about 50 hours at the writing of this review I know this game as serious replay value.It has a pretty good engine for the random elements. The English has improved, though it was funny as all-get-out before. The controls are easy to master. The graphics fit this game and they have improved as well, though I think that the change is subtle at best.Good game, developer/programer needs to re-balance this game. Worth the purchace cost (if under $10 USD)."
76561198159222952,Recommended,434650,25063254,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,azimdahl,Wonderfully executed Roguelike with tons of playtime. Very fun.
76561198086407577,Recommended,434650,25341667,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SMEABoostdownMMR,"don't get down by people saying the game sluggish at times or its hard to controlI play this game with keyboard, and this game is pure mechanical and tactic, you cannot just hack and slash the enemies, you need to keep moving, each weapon types offer different moveset and i will rank it from easiest to hardest to master:1. musket2. bow3. staff4. spear5. sword and shield6. broadsword7. dual bladesthe game PUNISH you for attacking at random you NEED to know the attack pattern of enemies but once you have their pattern its more easier to beat the gameyou like castlevania? buy ityou like metroid with less platforming? buy ityou like old dungeon crawler game like chocobo dungeon, tower of druaga, azure dreams, etc? buy itprepare your reflex though"
76561198038536260,Recommended,434650,25362662,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zolombo,Very nice mix of Rampage Knights and Rogue Legacy. One of the best examples of rogue-like games and it's very cheap as well. I dont say that often but this game worth more than it's asking for.At the moment the game have only single palyer and local coop but devs working on adding online in the game.
76561198002124849,Recommended,434650,25365964,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Fou-Lu,"Surprisingly great!Never heard of this (Chinese-origin) game before it popped up on the main Steam store page, and I'm certainly glad I picked it up. Very much worth the price.Pros:+Very smooth side-scroller beat-em-up type gameplay+HEAVILY inspired from Castle Crashers+Great music, adorable graphics+Roguelite expansion similar to Rogue Legacy+Awesome same-PC coop supportCons:-No online multiplayerCheck it out if you liked Castle Crashers or Rogue Legacy even a little!"
,Recommended,434650,25417591,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,nathan.zumwalt,"Overall and for the price, a really good game.  It has an interesting progression system (using the souls of enemies to buy upgrades) and solid gameplay/graphics/sound.  There isn't much re-play value, but it's fun while it lasts I'm definitely getting my money's worth."
76561198068187487,Recommended,434650,25826904,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dhalmelpunch,"Excellent fun for local co-op. The developers are attentive and responsive to bug reports. Roguelike game with some RPG progression elements is just the right mix to keep us coming back to curse at the same small spider again and again. Don't get me started on the moleshark.Would definitely recommend for local co-op shoppers and they recently added online co-op, although I've yet to try it."
,Recommended,434650,23658206,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dovenius,I got killed by a Knight defending his piece of chicken....10/10 would get killed again by that knight
76561198147662060,Not Recommended,434650,24948848,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Alibrandr,No character customization or selection? Nonsense...
,Recommended,434650,25287154,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MahdiKwt,10/10-Me
,Not Recommended,434650,29265803,Posted: 14 January,all,RobotElbows,"I found myself more frustrated with this game more than I had fun. I played with a friend Co-Op and it was just hard from the get go.My biggest gripe is that there isn't any save feature. You die, and you start from the very start. It doesn't matter how far you got. That isn't explained well in the game description or in the reviews. I understand that some people like this play style, I don't and that information would have been helpful to me when making my decision on purchasing the game.Secondly when you die, you get points or demon souls to spend upgrding your character. Which is good, except if you didn't collect enough demon souls you have to sacrifice all that you've earned and start again with 0.More so the cost of things just keeps increasing. What's that about?!? One upgrade cost 25 demon souls but when I upgraded something else it then cost 38 demon souls. Again later it cost 114!!! STOP MOVING THE GOAL POST.As i've said before the game was hard from the start even with two people. I get that this game is labeled as ""hardcore"" but I'm one who prefers to be eased into the difficulty. So just keep that in mind if you get this game. It stopped being fun when you'd die in the first level didn't collect enough demon souls, so can't upgrade your charater and as a result keep dying again."
76561198096503665,Recommended,434650,28027654,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,脱坑@5566,希望能有更优秀的作品
76561198298541554,Recommended,434650,31210799,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME!!!
76561198035198113,Recommended,434650,25389912,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Misha,"Lost Castle is by far the best Indie game I have played this year.  For $10 I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of roguelike games. I bought this the day it the full version was released (August 31st) and put more than 20 hours into the first week.  The combat in this game feels very smooth and has a surprising amount of variety between the weapons. Each weapon type is viable, although some are easier to use than others. The large amount of weapon types is complemented by smooth animations and crisp sound effects. These are two qualities that many great Indie games lack on, but Lost Castle nailed it. There is a skill tree that you use souls gathered during a run to give permanent boosts, gives the game a nice feel of progression.Once you have the game down, a run through normal mode will take about an hour ten to an hour thirty. I do hope in the future they add more stages to the end. Fingers crossed for future patch! There is a high amount of replayability as the items and bosses you encounter each time give a good amount of variety.On top of all this there is local coop, my favorite thing of all (no online at the moment). The difficulty on coop does seem harder than the normal game, but it is a very fun challenge.10/10If you want a game comparison I would say it is a roguelike Castle Crashers with more combat variety and random items and bosses like Isaac."
76561198060945654,Recommended,434650,25631841,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,RugglesYo,"This game is amazing""DARK SOULS WITH CARTOON ANIMATION""its hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and nighmare mode, forget it!even the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ goblins that you 1 hit can combo the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you if your not careful.-when you die you use the souls of the enemeys you've killed to level up and get perks and increased stats.-story changes once you've completed the game so you have to keep going to find out what happenedonly one negative point--in the starting dungeon you can get the weapons from the blacksmith, chests from theif easy enough-but if you potions from the pharmacist you have to go through the lines of dialogue each time-please fix it so you can get the potions by interaction with the goblet/pot thing where he makes them."
,Recommended,434650,26295666,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mulard,"Final Fight + Binding of Isaac. Fantastic game balance and challenge, with local co-op option."
,Recommended,434650,21357842,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hopsin,Really fun!
,Recommended,434650,24590123,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,极度傲娇桶肾小王子M,This game must be played on the same network.. The same network !!!The same network!!!!
76561198253606906,Recommended,434650,22819564,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DJTHEKILLER20,"I love this game it is really fun, but there is one thing you can add that is can you put four player story mode instead of just having two players?"
76561198000708932,Recommended,434650,24390957,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Boxy_Brown,HOT FIRE
76561198132360016,Recommended,434650,24958361,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,I>U,"Ok, the game was actually fixed and multiplayer was implied. Nothing to complain now.Even though I want to."
,Not Recommended,434650,29017431,Posted: 4 January,all,Jonis,This game is a straight up copy of a much superior game called Rampage Knights. Just go and buy that one instead. It is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198318063681,Recommended,434650,24352297,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Go  away,good
76561198059882148,Recommended,434650,26015462,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drakir,Awesome game.TO THE DEVS: PLEASE ADD CHARACTER CUSTUMISATION AFTER FINISHING THE GAME
76561198024507911,Recommended,434650,24129890,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BlanK,Great but can you add some multiplayer that connect with other user by internet it will be best.
76561198316403489,Recommended,434650,24709218,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dummmaus,How can I play with my friends?Please ......  update!
76561198015266433,Recommended,434650,24989113,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,PupazzoGnappo,"Easy to say, one of the best roguelike on Steam, period.> 7 hours played> reached lvl 30> still getting surprises at each play, in forms of new potions, items and secrets> transformed in a werewolf> 12/10 would buy it again.Never bought an early access before, really impressive work!"
,Recommended,434650,25371849,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Horns,Mix equal parts Castle Crashers and Rogue Legacy. Chill and serve.
,Recommended,434650,25464910,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1m52YtCc-s
76561198181027921,Recommended,434650,25793058,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,jonquilcowboy,I like it
,Recommended,434650,25886249,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Spodi,"Awesome game that is very similar to Rogue Legacy. Not perfect, and definitely starts to feel slow and repetative over time, but easily provides at least a few hours of entertainment."
76561198030119387,Recommended,434650,25889485,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Soppa,"Fun with friends! Good systems, really hoping for more content!"
76561198256400356,Recommended,434650,21488309,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,IcySun,AWESOME GAME!!!!   There is a couple of bugs bot not alot that it would cause gameplay to suck10/10
,Recommended,434650,21329633,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,o_O,THIS GAME IS HARD!!!!and fun!
76561198117056824,Recommended,434650,22493473,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Glitchiee,BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT !wonderful cute fun amazing game ... i bought this game when it was on sale for i think a dollar and for sure the best dollar ive ever spent!would i pay full price HELL YES I WOULDthey are always updatingthere are VERY FEW glitchesit is easy to play yet a bit challenging but not too hardvery silly and fun items and weaponssome of the armor looks really cool!it is so much fun playing again and again to see how far you can go before getting big time croaked or just to see what kind of neat stuff youll find!BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT !
76561198304928843,Recommended,434650,24133222,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,906601755,That's good，I like this type of game
,Recommended,434650,25921466,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lottas,In case anyone occasionally reads this ... I was not a man of reviewing unitl sitting in a train having nothing to do this moment. The idea of Why not give reviews to all my games suddenly came to my mind and Bang! This is it.Nice piece for killing time in my gf's outdated Macbook air XDWish for more cute girl characters to join with the warriors!
,Not Recommended,434650,26024523,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ankido,"Rogue like castle dungeon adventure.Kill stuff, take souls and die.Use souls for more talents and powerKill stuff, take souls and die.Use souls for more talents and powerKill stuff, take souls and die.Use souls for more talents and powerKill stuff, take souls and die.Use souls for more talens and power.The biggest grind you will ever come across in your life.  This is not like Everspace where you die and actually have fun.  This is more annoying than anything.  You know how the 2d adventure games have a hit line?  Kinda like Double Dragon?  Well this one is kinda off with some mobs.  It's kinda stupid.--------0------------------x-----O is you, and x is the enemy.  Now the enemy can't touch you unless you move in it's lane.  Well with this game, there are some enemies they can hit multiple lanes thus making it impossible to avoid.  Kinda stupid if you ask me.This game should be cancelled.  Biggest waste of money.  It's a rinse and repeat with no rewards to cheer about."
76561198055047288,Recommended,434650,26220039,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pepesaur,Definetly amazing and exciting
,Not Recommended,434650,32656605,Posted: 22 June,all,jroosterman,I tried to play with a friend and the game kept crashing to a black screen after 3-5 rooms.
76561198021663455,Not Recommended,434650,31465835,Posted: 30 April,all,Adam,Don't like the combat
76561198306701098,Recommended,434650,24981296,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SUPER NAWAF,لعبة خورافية وصعبة مو مهمة الرسوم تقدر تعتبرها الجزء الثاني من اللعبة المشهورة كاستل كراشرز
76561197978507592,Not Recommended,434650,29570540,Posted: 29 January,all,Toweriffic,Do yourself a favor and get Rampage Knights instead.
,Not Recommended,434650,29710701,Posted: 4 February,all,TheIronTitan,not worth the time or money tbh
,Recommended,434650,25314803,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sesu,The is a MUST play. Easy to drop and pick right back up.
,Recommended,434650,21381252,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,flimnit,"Seems like simple concept, but i'm 11 hours in and I still can't wait to play again. Love it."
76561198073406815,Recommended,434650,21743198,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rockageddon,"I've been on board with Lost Castle since day 2.Pros / Cons:Pros:- Amazing couch warrior gameplay.- Solid gameplay mechanics.- Heaps of weapons and armours that lead to a strongly tactical experience (compared to most rogue-likes).- It's 2016 so I rarley say things like this: But solid graphics for what it is, and an amazing blend of final fantasy/ Town of Salem art style.- Best part: The devs. Within the first 20 hours of launch they were patching, and continue to improve Lost Castle.Cons:- Repetitive music.- Through far beyond specs, still get an odd lag next to torches. (very tolerable)- Honestly not much, devs buffered out the worst and keep doing so.Long Dramatic Version: A solid Local Co-Op experience. Skill based game, no pitfalls or beginer trap deaths. Plenty of weapon variety and Devs have been consistently improving mechanics based on player wants. With a ""soul"" system that grants you bonus starter stats in a level up system after death, it adds tremdous amounts of replayability as you are able to tackle the same game with enhanced base stats.10/10: Best singular $8 purchase on Steam. Though we got it for 7 on sale :p"
,Recommended,434650,22295707,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cheerilee,super fun and really good co-opi tell frineds buy this game is really well done and sure some stuff that could be add likedoge
,Recommended,434650,21057040,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ax®,nice game.....
,Recommended,434650,21420996,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HateMustard,非常不错的游戏有几点建议法师的特殊技能施法时间可以减少一些双刀武器使用时的伤害可以再增加一些
76561198000482770,Recommended,434650,26365473,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bob,good
,Not Recommended,434650,24003569,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sebakan,Booooooring
,Not Recommended,434650,30405222,Posted: 9 March,all,BeefSupreme,"Dont be fooled by the screenshots, this game is bad. Combat mechanics are terrible. There is little-to-no combo system and your character's movements are slow and cumbersome. Everything is very basic. Simply put, this game is NOT fun to play.Get Castle Crashers instead. If your aching for some old school gaming (like I was, when I bought this), look towards other games as they are tons better - Hyperlight Drifter, Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara, Valdis Story, Mother Russia Bleeds, 20XX. You're Welcome."
76561198378086937,Not Recommended,434650,31964407,Posted: 25 May,all,膜法导师长者江,傻逼游戏  谁玩谁倒霉 千万不要买国产游戏就是国产游戏 垃圾武器装备系统傻逼得要死没有一点水平迟早破产 傻逼公司
,Not Recommended,434650,26308889,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Calculus,Bugs.......drive me mad
76561198307635813,Recommended,434650,25358511,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,花心又花痴的花花,a very good chinese game. i like it.
76561198154630510,Recommended,434650,25358349,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,irvincampos76,:)
76561198068689438,Recommended,434650,24433467,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,I fucking suck balls,love it
76561198137930912,Recommended,434650,24988871,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,YeYGu,I forgot to close the game when i was playing
76561198302340665,Not Recommended,434650,34816740,Posted: 8 September,all,Kallasticot,"So difficult that it's not fun at all in nightmare and coop. The game prevents you from upgrading because you lose your extra souls : are just stupid or didn't you know that this was a RPG when you did it ? You even let the possibility of dying at the same time as the last boss ! It's not difficulty anymore, it's just fun killing."
,Recommended,434650,34579581,Posted: 29 August,all,Diclonius LiMEONY,multiplayer was broken i want to refund
,Not Recommended,434650,32521012,Posted: 17 June,all,DEATH,"Didn't like it. Returned it after an hour or so. I don't like rogue-likes in general, never had a good experience with one (with the exception of Rogue Legacy) so I didn't have high expectations. Got it for the local co-op. The gameplay is very simple and very repetitive. The randomization of the character and weapon you start with can be really irritating when some weapons are vastly superior to others in terms of survivability. The levels themselves don't really change much from run to run so there's very little unique experiences to be had from each playthrough. this can be attributed to it's severe lack of content. i have always felt these sorts of games can only work with a very hefty amount of content to add to the replayability. otherwise, you are just fighting the same few enemies, in the same few rooms, with the same few weapons, albiet shuffled around a bit each time."
,Not Recommended,434650,31193350,Posted: 16 April,all,LHFTNP,Repetitive.
76561198076793661,Not Recommended,434650,29529640,Posted: 27 January,all,King Quasar,Lazy console port.Edit: *Not* a console port but plays like one.
76561198357097641,Recommended,434650,30414706,Posted: 9 March,all,nekorbin,"Fun game for fans of local co-op.  It's definitely difficult but fun seeing the variety of weapons, upgrades, and items.  Definitely worth it for the price."
,Recommended,434650,30499203,Posted: 13 March,all,Mince,"very fun game, great challenge and fun upgrade system that keeps you coming back."
76561198157378355,Recommended,434650,27827891,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Co co,支持国产
76561198343014524,Recommended,434650,27602346,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Suthenticator,玩了一会 感觉非常不错啊  非常适合国人的一款横版小游戏 ，虽然游戏关卡不多 单人通关还可以~  但是跟机油联机玩好难啊~  非常不错  支持一下！
,Recommended,434650,27606635,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,afireinside96,Did you enjoy Castle Crashers but wish it didn't play exactly the same each time? Well this game has got you covered.
,Recommended,434650,27582572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,asdfMeats,Good and fun.
76561197975912077,Recommended,434650,29606222,Posted: 31 January,all,Vicarious,"SCORE6 / 10TLDRGreat rogue-like beat'em up 2D scroller action, but the terrible pacing in the upgrade system means you will get bored long before you see the end of the game.POSITIVESGamepad controls are responsive, and the option to allow for button-down combo attacks or single press combos is niceWeapons are very cool. The dual wield weapons are especially nice, and the animations are well doneGraphics and overall animation quality are top notch,NEGATIVESEach death brings points that can be used to buy upgrades, any leftover will be discarded before the next run as usual. What kills the game is the ridiculous amount of ""souls"" it takes to upgrade your skills. Even after your first few runs you will be lucky to afford 2 small upgrades. There will be times when you don't have enough for any at all.when using the ""button down"" combos it's very easy to get caught in and struck by an enemy during the 3rd attacks longer animation. While not necessarily a negative. It's something to keep in mind as you playDate Reviewed4/4/2017PLAYTIME6 HrsMore Game Reviews"
,Recommended,434650,27417972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alchemist-Linch_Key,好游戏  做任务  嗯
76561198044422729,Recommended,434650,27408596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CuCkoo,10/10
,Recommended,434650,30978431,Posted: 6 April,all,『 Lightningboy 』,"Lost Castle fun and enjoyable game to playAction: 9/10Special Effects: 8/10Extra Features: 10/10Overall: 9/10GameplaySuch a good coop/duo game where you work together and hope that you both don't die, fun when you can get the amount of souls to level up your skills and having to fight even harder boss, and the hardest part is to survive when get bombarded with enemies and that once you die each time the cost for skill gets more expensive. Overall this game will strengthen your friendship and team work! I would love to play it more"
76561198256317393,Recommended,434650,28482301,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tim2214,"Really agood game. Variety of weapons and tools. Bosses are challenging , but you will find your way to defeat them. I love the style of this game, cute and funny."
76561197962483403,Recommended,434650,28557553,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Toadie,"All I can say about this game is; this game is a blast!Action-filled, amazing controlls, no hosting problems, good variety on weapons and useable skills.Recently played: Rampage knights with a friend, it was fun but didnt last really long and didnt have a talent sytem like this game, so each death doesnt mean failure.If you like rogue-like co-op games this is THE game for you.EDIT: Also if any editors check this comment by any chance, PLEASE make DLC:s or a follow up on this game! <3"
,Recommended,434650,28557829,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TOG | Scoobs,"Pretty challenging game. Good hack and slash, although the controls can occasionally be a bit buggy. Great local coop experience though. Took me ages to be able to beat any of the bosses!"
,Recommended,434650,31572598,Posted: 5 May,all,FFocus,https://youtu.be/xQfT3Z3cHqwJust watch this. I Recommend.
,Recommended,434650,31572626,Posted: 5 May,all,Randy,great game pls buy jason
76561198156761664,Recommended,434650,31595989,Posted: 6 May,all,Gurkinator,Add me if you want to play some co-op!!
,Recommended,434650,31614241,Posted: 7 May,all,Barinten,Kick♥♥♥♥♥co-op experience.
76561198021226900,Recommended,434650,31611828,Posted: 7 May,all,Smokezilla1,"What a fun game!!!  Love the multi-genre aspect of this game mixing in a little dungeon crawler with some RPG aspects and a dash of rogue-lite to fill things out.  Fantastic!!!  The game is a visual treat with lots of hand-drawn characters and the nice randomly generated loots drops, merchants, etc.  Definitely recommend playing this one with an XBox controller so you can full-on get your button-mashing fix!"
,Recommended,434650,31643855,Posted: 9 May,all,Tschisi,"A sidescrolling game that says: play with your buddyThe try and error factor is quite annoyingIt's not easy to beat, it will take you at least 10 hoursvery low priceno errors or bugsanother short review by meshootouts to all empty bottles out there"
,Recommended,434650,31703408,Posted: 12 May,all,Error,Very much reminds me of Adventure Quest Worlds whilst playing like Castle Crashers. It's a wonderful game with progression similar to Binding of Isaac and Rogue Legacy. Only downside is the inability to create your own character but I like to think of new backstorys with each playthrough anyway so it works out well for me!
,Recommended,434650,31744004,Posted: 14 May,all,Vordhosbn,"One of the most addictive ""roguelite"" games I've played in a long while. Nice presentation, excellent item variety, decent challenge - pretty much everything this sort of game needs is here.My only gripe would be that the music gets old quite quickly (a common problem in games like this), but overall this a must buy for genre fans, and well worth the asking price."
76561198030785055,Recommended,434650,31926632,Posted: 23 May,all,Saith Umbrae,"An excllent single\multi-player hack and slash with great repliability, posing just the right level of challange."
76561198022944591,Recommended,434650,32435468,Posted: 15 June,all,Walter White,"Great game, specially in couch co-op.Tons of weapons and objects, many possibilities for the skill tree, various ennemies and rooms layout, each runs feel really unique."
76561197996604233,Recommended,434650,33133523,Posted: 2 July,all,Siku,"great game, the theme is awsome, graphics is great, co-op is tonns of fun and much replayable value."
76561198356264847,Not Recommended,434650,33363151,Posted: 7 July,all,1561279199,垃圾游戏 没啥说的 早知道就不买了
76561197987573074,Recommended,434650,33139694,Posted: 2 July,all,Gunn5,"Very much inspired by castlecrashers, good roghelike with decent controls and a story of sorts"
76561198038037769,Recommended,434650,23965049,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,treelaunka,"Last year, this game was garbage, but now it's a great local co-op game to play.Well worth the money.Bosses at the end are sort of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ though. Not ....the best design in game-play."
,Recommended,434650,29618218,Posted: 31 January,all,TrashyDrea,"I totally love this game!! :) It's old skool meets new skool fun! You can get lost in this game like nothing else. Even if u keep restarting, which u will, u still have a tona fun!! And it's new and different yet familar everytime!! GOOD JOB! Please make more games people who made this...thanks!! -Trashy"
76561197985508342,Recommended,434650,29598631,Posted: 30 January,all,mudplayerx,"If you grew up playing Nintendo and Super Nintendo and enjoyed side-scrolling action games, then you seriously cannot afford to pass up this game (especially at this affordable price). It reminds me of Zelda mixed with River City Ransom mixed with Secret of Mana. The sheer number of different weapons, items, armor, potions, foods, pets, buffs, etc.. this game has is mind blowing. Each weapon and item introduces another angle for gameplay tactics; the combinations are limitless.For fist time players I recommend getting a weapon with the 'harvest' skill on it so you can summon apples (mini heal potions). Just summon them whenever you can and keep them stockpiled. This game may seem difficult at first but I promise once you play a couple of hours and get a feel for how the combat goes you will love it.GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,434650,31006354,Posted: 7 April,all,Tuffme244,bien y mal muy entretenido pero cuando paso de masmorra no se guarda y ay que empezar de nuevo desde el calaboza de los duendes
76561198180105451,Recommended,434650,21709022,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,超凡绝伦的人中龙凤,这款游戏  真的是良心的国产游戏  大家都可以试试  真的很棒
,Recommended,434650,29620154,Posted: 31 January,all,Captain Love Muscle,"Well worth the cost.  Kinda of a mix of Rogue Leagacy and Castle Crashers.  If you enjoy either game, you'll probably like this.  If you enjoy both, you will probably love this.  Only bummed out this is a max 2 player game"
76561198061639936,Recommended,434650,30041601,Posted: 19 February,all,RichG,"Lots of fun. Good way to burn away time.The graphics were great, and the gameplay was solid."
76561198045025551,Recommended,434650,31510140,Posted: 2 May,all,BloodiusGr,"It's a good game,i liked it a lot."
76561198019188773,Recommended,434650,31530010,Posted: 3 May,all,otter,"well done, imho one of the best local coop games ive ever played. only problem now is that addiction :o)"
,Recommended,434650,31530427,Posted: 3 May,all,Gabe and Kevo,This is SUCH A FUN GAME.
76561198136748329,Recommended,434650,31534669,Posted: 3 May,all,Maapes,"I've fallen madly in love with this game. Haven't played a game like this in awhile, it's just so damn addictive. I really enjoy how randomized everything is, it definitely makes every playthrough a new experience. Even when you have a bad run and you die, it still goes towards making you stronger because of the demon souls mechanic. Haven't even tried the multiplayer elements, but even if you never touch it you'll get more than enough content and variance to keep you busy for hours. Highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,434650,31550770,Posted: 4 May,all,netsuko,"I am a lover of rogue-likes, but this game is exceptional.  It doesn't look that amazing on the outside, but once you start playing it, you'll be hooked.  It's pretty difficult, much more than I was expecting."
76561197994345366,Recommended,434650,31942257,Posted: 24 May,all,Vexille,Small but quirky adventure. Reminds me of Rouge legacy but withn a side scrolling twist. You gather gold and souls to continue buffing up your character to make it to the end. Once there you then defeat the boss.It's a progessive game that impresses!
,Recommended,434650,32143019,Posted: 2 June,all,葫芦爷爷,没想到中国做出这好玩的游戏
76561197993734699,Recommended,434650,32781247,Posted: 25 June,all,Battle$tar,"super fun, arcade styly play.  loose track of time playing with friends."
,Recommended,434650,32741304,Posted: 24 June,all,Shal,"The game...is FUNThe simple gameplay is made really enjoyable through the many unique and interesting items, weapons, and power-ups the player can find throughout their playthrough. The multiple difficulty and co-op modes lend this game a fantastic replayability factor that we simply cannot ignore because the game only costs 10$ CAD. Overall, the fun bossfights, great gameplay, different weapon/armor types, co-op mode, replay value, and difficulty all serve to render this game a great buy well worth it's pricetag!"
76561197987194821,Recommended,434650,32786409,Posted: 25 June,all,MrSticky,"This game is pretty fun! In the beginning you wont make it very far, but being able to unlock upgrades after each game, and the fact that the levels are always random will make you want to play it again and again. My friend and I are having a lot of fun playing co-op. Try it out!"
,Recommended,434650,32785494,Posted: 25 June,all,Rah Rah Rasputin,Easy to understand fun to play
76561198058273561,Recommended,434650,32783668,Posted: 25 June,all,Berserker,"Pros: Awesome game, deff worth the 6 bucks i picked it up for, Even at full price its a fun co-op experiance, No playthrough is the same, alot of achievments, trading cards, All that good shizzle. Controller compadability which i like honestly. i'd rather lay back with a controller then sit up close. Not all agree but its chill, Anyways for the Cons.Cons: Each character made is ""Random"" (You can't customize a character completely how you'd like it. I would prefer if you could) Small Graphical issues. In the time i've been playing i couldn't see ONE Skillspell in a certain area, But upon leaving the area and my friend used the SkillSpell i could, Just was a weird MINOR Bug (Dont let that stop you from picking up this game) When doing Co-op Online it sometimes glitches as to not being able to find the server, How to fix this is BOTH Completely Exit the game and Load her up again. Not 4P Co-op. just 2P. If you have more than 1 friend it kinda sucks.Conclusion: Amazing game, fun for hours, great to have a fun time with a friend."
76561198103615631,Recommended,434650,32774676,Posted: 25 June,all,SCREAMING P90 GOOGIE,good game. should get. add 4player
76561198213446388,Recommended,434650,32952441,Posted: 28 June,all,Billy♂Herrington,"i dont know....i suppose this is a really good game, but the only question is..... i cant find anyother people who can play with me, seriously, play as one person in this game.....little lame, but still  recommend it."
76561198217537653,Recommended,434650,32969279,Posted: 28 June,all,priva,"Really fun when with a friend. Downside being the online servers are a bit iffy, sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't, especially if your internet isn't that amazing."
,Recommended,434650,32996487,Posted: 29 June,all,Ħdante the collieĦ,This game is simple but fun.Especially with a friend to help in the journey
76561197960939300,Recommended,434650,32985858,Posted: 29 June,all,Ozzie_Warrior,Vastly underrated - create some DLC and I will fire the money cannon in the correct direction
,Recommended,434650,32979804,Posted: 29 June,all,Niko,I had fun playing this game with my brother.
,Recommended,434650,32979592,Posted: 29 June,all,APPLE,fun
,Recommended,434650,32979486,Posted: 29 June,all,Aoxis,this game makes me enjoy for playing cooperated with my brother ! recommended 100% dudescore : 8/10
,Recommended,434650,33109653,Posted: 1 July,all,beefmaestro,"This game is basically a rougelike castle crashers. There are 5 areas to fight through. As you die you can upgrade your stats to try and make it further along. Very fun online and local co-op. Private multi player does not seem to work, you have to crate a public game and invite your friend to that"
76561198071421958,Recommended,434650,21375244,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,eternal jape,It's fine... but it's an inferior Rampage Knights.
,Recommended,434650,33729162,Posted: 22 July,all,imjustkidding19,"A really fun, challenging game that has great weapons, armor, and enemies. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,434650,33728717,Posted: 22 July,all,DJ ShanK,(I Played through from start to finish with a friend)If you are looking for a castle crashers 2 with a hint of dark souls well you just found a hidden gem of steam!This game is just a grand time to play with a buddy offline or online. I've done everything in the game you could possibly dowith a few more techs to buy with souls. Game is glorious and addicting! Buy it now! Worth Every penny!
76561198197538465,Recommended,434650,33731201,Posted: 22 July,all,Jellyscoffee,"This is an amazing game! Played nonstop for 2 days with my roommate. IDK about single player, but the coop is awesome.There is a small but really f**ked up bug in the game - when we consume dumplings they heal us but don't disappear from the items menu so we can heal infinitely with 1 dumpling.PLS fix it."
76561198075395101,Recommended,434650,33756309,Posted: 23 July,all,孤独探戈,"I know it's difficult to solve the online problems  , but I really want to play this gooooooood game with my bro fluently."
,Recommended,434650,33752389,Posted: 23 July,all,Doomspawn,Extremely fun local coop game. Would recommend!
,Recommended,434650,33849526,Posted: 27 July,all,RedMonkey1993,very fun and funny cant stop playing the bosses are tricky but still love it
,Not Recommended,434650,33869381,Posted: 28 July,all,MutantXenu,Awesome artwork does not make up for the cruddy gameplay.  The game is very repetitive and amounts to a button masher.  Not my thing.
76561198245811824,Recommended,434650,33922701,Posted: 31 July,all,sasha174,Игра супер!
,Recommended,434650,34687293,Posted: 2 September,all,EnderOfHope,Game is pretty fun. My wife and I have been playing it together (she likes these types of games). Not sure if you can actually beat it though... its exceptionally difficult.
76561198048819491,Not Recommended,434650,34714389,Posted: 3 September,all,Siyonn,"It's a fun little game, but has way too many connection related issues that it could be recommended. #stuckonanimationafterfinalboss"
76561198066113594,Recommended,434650,34864160,Posted: 10 September,all,BusinessCat,"It's a tough call because i recommend this game because it has obvious replayability, but it's also VERY DIFFICULT. This is my typ eof game, but i've reached the point there i'm done with it. The reward system can use a revamp, both with the souls carry over (you lose so many souls... just let them ALL carry over!) and with how buff the perks are (they need to scale to be stronger to get help you get much further). I really wanted to beat this but we're hitting a brick wall. Doesn't help that my P2 is a roomie and she's not super awesome at gaming, but it really is safe to say that without any huge changes we're putting this down. I recommend because it's fun for the amount of money, but i wouldn't be surprised if very few people actually finish it."
76561198048559904,Recommended,434650,35472498,Posted: 4 October,all,UHC_Stephen,"Like it, reminds me of binding of issac with the consepts. i would reccomend trying this game and if you play it under 2 hours and don't like it just refund it, worth a try"
,Not Recommended,434650,35489195,Posted: 5 October,all,Eden117,"I almost do want to recommend this game once I factor in the price, but I can't. I got a decent amount of enjoyment out of the game for $10, but a large reason for that was cause it does not require a mouse so I would sometimes play this game between classes or something. The main issue I have is that the game is a bit too repetitive. There is a severe lack of enemy variety, and everything looks the same. I have played close to 500 hours of the Binding of Isaac (not on steam) so yes you can make a game that solely consists of 30-60 minute runs without it being repetitive. The leveling system was a nice feature, but later on it takes too long to get upgrades. Even making it to the 4th of 5th (out of 5) stage, I could only afford one upgrade, and the level cap is 100+. On top of that, you have to sacrifice your remaining souls before you start a new run. It isn't bad for $10, but you could easy find better games for that price, or less. I would say to get the game if it is on sale, or if you want to do co-op with someone in particular."
,Not Recommended,434650,35492643,Posted: 5 October,all,Teleclast,"This game is one that I generally would play, but I would enjoy in FOUR player co-op where me and a few friends can run through some content, despite it being a bit clunky and having issues if it was 4 player co-op I probably would have played it quite a bit more, unfortunately, it's not, 2 player co-op is just too limiting. Unfortunately when looking at similar games 'Beat em up' with roguelike features there are better pure-Single Player adventures and many that will let you play 4 player that are just as good if not better than Lost Castle, which has led to me looking towards those in almost every scenario instead."
