user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197976554639,Recommended,435150,34973799,Posted: 15 September,all,Bag33,"I'm 48.  I've been playing pc games since before Zork.  This is the best RPG I've ever played.  This is what, as a kid, I had always hoped these games would turn into.  Great Job!!!!  Great game."
76561198067761903,Recommended,435150,32214121,Posted: 5 June,all,ProfessorButts,"You will love this game if...- You like games that don't hold your hand- You like games that allow you freedom to customise your characters and experiences- You like games that TRULY reward exploration and investigation*Legit, if you don't sit there scrolling over the map looking for hidden chests, ladders, ledges, etc, you're doing it wrong*- You like high strategy, turn based combat that rewards forward thinking and planning- You like finding, using, selling or collecting loot- You have 1 or more friends that will play with you. This game shines in multiplayerThe handful of little annoying bugs and glitches are completely and utterly outweighed by how captivating and enthralling this game is... And it's still in Early Access... I see a lot of complaints that the story isn't long enough, or really focusing on the bugs, lets get real.Bugs:- Sometimes your helmet will blink and flicker a bit- Sometimes your characters won't be within range, or have line of sight on a target they clearly should- Accuracy percentage seems to be a bit off, 80% chance to hit is more like 30%; anything under 90% is troubleThat's... About it...Story is too short? Well then play the rest of the game kid. You can speed run the ""story"" in like 20 minutes if you wanted, the real fun comes from exploring the world and finding everything else there is to do. I honestly can't believe how good this game is for an EA release and I can't wait for the full release come September. Could not recommend highly enough.Things I would like to see in future:- More races.- More in depth customisation options for spells and abilities. Think Champions Online or the Oblivion Spell-Creation. (asking for a lot, I know)- A little control over what armour looks like on your character.- More spells, more synergy between spells. This is already great, but why stop at great!The more points I list, the more I realise I'm just asking for more of the game. Give me more of the game mate."
,Recommended,435150,35073093,Posted: 19 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,I'm 72 years old and these have been the best 20 hours of my life.
76561198061093468,Recommended,435150,35048064,Posted: 18 September,all,Singtech,"30 hours in...""That was only tutorial island!?"""
,Recommended,435150,34184520,Posted: 11 August,all,ICER,"If more game developers had HALF the talent and attention to detail that Larian does, the market wouldn't be so saturated with garbage today. Larian is one of the best and the Divinity series proves it. By far one of the best RPGs I've ever played. KEEP IT UP."
,Recommended,435150,35016957,Posted: 17 September,all,TimsGamingDen,"Best strategy RPG in the 21st century.Beautifull story, wicked and funny as hell.Challenging, even on the lower difficulties.My 43 young brain rejoiced the golden area of  games like Baldurs gate, planescape torment and neverwiner nights.Only Con:The weekend has never passed so quickly!"
,Recommended,435150,35084273,Posted: 20 September,all,Crimson FURY,"I just bought this game yesterday and today I've already clocked 21 hours on it. I'm a grown man. I have a job, responsibilities, things to do. But all I did was sit in my damn chair in my underwear playing morning to night, stopping only to eat, sleep and use the toilet.10/10 would let this game suck my life away again"
,Recommended,435150,35154048,Posted: 23 September,all,Dracknov,"I was tired of games that only tests your reaction skill. I was tired of games that say it's 60 dollars, only to have randomized loot boxes or micro-transaction implemented later in time. I was tired of games that were advertised to be wide as an ocean but ended up being shallow like a puddle.Then Divinity Original Sin 2 came out. Each encounter is well executed and designed flawlessly. Enemy design  is varied and leaves my friend and I saying ""WTF is that!?"" often. Every time my friend finds some epic loot, we cannot wait to identify it to see who can make use of the item. Quests are a joy to do and often leads you to find more quests that's filled with important decision making. Every choice you make has an impact on the world and I have been sent to jail multiple times for making the wrong decision. For $44.99 you are not buying a game but an experience. An experience to truly go on an epic adventure. Fights are never easy but once you learn the satisfaction of besting the enemy combatant that you failed to take down multiple times, you are left leaving for more glory. (Currently playing on Tactician Mode)I am not sure if anyone is going to read this review since this is my very first review with a positive rating (My other review is for Fallout 4 CREATION CLUB so you already know what rating I gave) but if you are looking for a game with challenge, depth, and quality give this game a try. I have been playing this game for over 102 hours and I have a feeling that this is only the beginning."
,Recommended,435150,35089234,Posted: 20 September,all,Zahbuhdoo,"If you like turn-based RPG's with lots of customization and a good story to put along with them, do yourself a favor and buy this game. This game will leave you wanting more every time you put it down. Choices matter. Characters are interesting. Combat is fluid. This is one of the better, if not best, Turn-Based RPG's out there.Side Note:Larian Studios has shown how much they care about the content they put out by giving you the best they can offer. Did you notice the price tag isn't $60? Did you notice the Divine Edition is only $15 but not at all game-changing or content locking from the base game? Did you notice the Game Master Mode wasn't a purchasable DLC? That is humility right there. They aren't trying to squeeze every last person for some money. They are looking to create quality content so that we can enjoy it at, for what you're buying, an extremely generous price. They knew the fan-base and what people wanted and how bad they wanted it. They still did not take advantage of us. Larian Studios has earned my undying support."
76561198151075524,Recommended,435150,34986873,Posted: 15 September,all,Brambachacer,My mom just came in while I was playing and told me it looked like art.I told her it was.
,Recommended,435150,34318132,Posted: 17 August,all,[49th]TheProTaco,"It's finally out!Absolutely phenomenal, 10/10.I don't go a single moment in this game without being mesmerized by how fantastic it is.I'll list some pros:-Beautiful art style, everything looks amazing.-Combat that is both simple and incredibly difficult at the same time. After two-to-three encounters the player will have a good grasp of how combat works, but throughout the entire game they'll be learning new ways to manipulate the environment and their abilities to play better.-Fantastic writing, honestly amazing.-Perfect soundtrack, every sound and song in this game is so perfectly adjusted for the situation it's seamless and very immersive.-Highly addictive, once I sit down to play I'm practically rooted to my chair to continue.-Companions you'll care about, it's the tragedy of lesser RPGs that your companions are boring and lifeless, but here, everyone has their own ambitions and goals, and WILL pursue them.There's very little wrong about this game. Previously I mentioned that voice acting won't be included which would be a con to some, but in a complete surprise Larian have voiced the entire game, despite the fact that was never planned throughout development.Highly recommend purchasing it, you really can't go wrong on this purchase."
,Recommended,435150,25520182,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Saturn Missiles,"Simply put, Divinity: Original Sin 2 expands on the best ideas from the first game while taking a complete 180 in tone to deliver a much darker and adult experience compared to the first.One of the most notable changes is immediately realized as character creation begins, with races, tags, origin stories, and a complete stat revamp giving a new level of depth to character creation. The origin story presets, while not customizable, deliver a unique experience for each. All of the notable ""origin story"" characters have interactions with each other, and even if you choose not to create them yourself, they can be found and interacted with around the world. Not only this, but you can recruit these important figures of the lore. Origin stories on the surface level seem gimmicky, but allow for a whole new level of replayability, in combination with the tag system. The tag system allows you to acquire new tags that effect quests and dialogue as you progress through the game, or assign them to your custom character in character creation. ""Origin story"" characters will have these tags preset, as well as a brief synopsis of their lore.However, the changes aren't just to the character creation. As soon as you get into combat, you'll quickly notice how much has changed. While Divinity: Original Sin 2 keeps the basics of the first game intact, action points have recieved a complete overhaul, streamlining the process of choosing actions. While the new system (6 action points total; 4 action points at the start of encounter. Most skills cost 1-2 action points) may seem to cater to a more casual audience at first, the new skills that accompany this revamp allow for a level of complexity in combat never before seen in the Divinity series. New skills introduced in the second game are more ambitious, creative, and innovative than any in the first game. Even from the start of the game, you'll acquire interesting abilities that you can use to control the battlefield. The new targeting system provided in D:OS2 gives a sense of clarity lacking in the first game. Height advantages and disadvantages means that positioning matters now more than ever before. In addition to the ""surfaces"" system of the first game (fire, poison, poison clouds, static clouds, electrified water, etc), most of these surfaces can now be blessed and cursed for interesting variations and choice in combat. For example, while fire is harmful to your team, if you bless it, it'll apply a heal every turn and prevent the members within from being frozen.Although, D:OS2's changes aren't all improvements. The new attribute system, while it seems great at first, makes you feel like your character never progresses much at all. Your stats effects are determined by your level, so, if you skip a level in Finesse to level Memory, your skills will get much weaker. You're not getting any stronger when you do invest in the stat, but only getting weaker when you don't. This takes away some of the magic away from levelling up.Nonetheless, I can safely say that this game is worth your time. I'd reccomend picking it up on release, or in early access if you're alright with the game being a little light on content. While it is heavily replayable, the first act shouldn't take too long to complete if you know what you're doing. Luckily, the arena mode helps alleviate this lack of content by providing a way for you to test your skills against your friends. This new arena mode is great, allowing you to choose 2 characters from an assortment of premade classes. You then fight on maps made specifically for competitive duels, where things get really interesting. Fights are tactical and often take more than overpowering your foe. Because of all the surface interactions, you need to be aware of your every step and all of your surroundings.tl;dr It's pretty good, although a little light on content. If you're alright with replaying the first act a few times and dueling your friends, buy it now. If not, wait for a full release. 9/10. Will change score when the game gets a full release.For the Steam Awards of 2016, this is my pick for the Most Astounding Game. The staggering amount of interactions in the game, even in alpha, can be overwhelming. Divinity: Original Sin 2 could very well shape up to be Game of the Year 2017 for me."
76561198085307766,Recommended,435150,33869210,Posted: 28 July,all,lIch on toast,The only game that has filled the gap Witcher 3 left in my life
,Recommended,435150,29714816,Posted: 5 February,all,Genky,"What can I say ...This is Belgium's jewel in the gaming industry.The kind of game developer we need more of.More content, more polished and more fun than any triple A game developer will give you, at 2/3 the price and no hundreds of holes to add paid content later.Even in the Early Access phase this is already more polished than most games are 3 months after official launch.The game itself:It's the original + improved and better in every single way.Graphics look great and the engine is very well optimized (already).The combat and progression system is very well done and fun.Multiplayer even better integrated than the original.Storyline and characters are interesting and well written.The music, I absolutely love it.Affordable.Even if you fear the Early Access tag, just buy this if you're into this type of games at all, you won't be disappointed and you'll actually be supporting a developer that delivers and makes games for the gamers, not for mass revenue.(Of course they're a business in it for profit too, but there's a difference between 45 euro for a full game and 60 euro for a game with 10 strategically placed holes for paid DLC, pushed into release with game breaking bugs. Larian Studios actually ditched their publisher and switched to crowd funding because they forced them to make and launch the game the way they didn't want it, that should tell you enough.)Larian Studios, as a Belgian, I can say you make us proud.Please keep doing what you're doing, never succumb to the attitude most major developers and publishers have, it'd be a huge loss in the game industry."
,Recommended,435150,34960965,Posted: 14 September,all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,"Never played the first one, I hate turn-based combat and I bought this because I figured if I am going to ever like a game like this it will be this one. I installed the game and played almost 8 hours with only a couple breaks in between.I always found turn based games to be boring and somehow this one kept my attention. The way spells and combat with your party work together is just amazing. It really opened my eyes and maybe once I am done with this one I will go back and play the first.The story is well done so far and writing is top notch. Graphics are nice and the world seems so alive. So many side quests I am still in the first area.Performance is great, I am getting solid FPS (between 80-120) all settings maxed out in 1440. The soundtrack is great as well.Being fully voiced probably saved me for this game, I love reading but I hate reading in games, not sure I would have loved this as much as I do if it hadnt been voiced.  Voice acting is actually really good in this game.Really looking forward to sinking tons of time into this game. ZERO regrets."
76561198369702073,Recommended,435150,34792500,Posted: 7 September,all,HopeArchangel,-Bought and installed the game-Listened to the main menu music for an hour before realising that I have a refund timer-Spent fifteen minutes on character creation-Loaded in game-Talked to first Magister chick-Got suckered into trying to using a spell on her-Failed miserably-Felt embarassed so I reloaded-Found a crime scene-Talked guards into letting me enter the room-Talked to Magister lady in room-Stole the dead person's arm-Realised I could eat arm-Ate arm-Got told elves had special powers for eating limbs-Cursed silently(was playing a human)-Started new playthrough as elf lady-Retraced steps to crime scene-Ate arm-Had visions-Too late to refund-Oh well-40 hours go by-Satisfaction10/10 would eat dead person's arm again
76561198029632709,Recommended,435150,34944121,Posted: 14 September,all,iingaate,"First time reviewing a game, but felt I should on this one. I never did play the first game though heard good things about it, so figured give the second a run. So far...even in early access I can't say I was disappointed. The game it's self reminds me of classic computer RPGs and pen 'n paper RPGs I played when I was much younger just a bit more fair and easier to understand yet still maintaining a lot of what made them challenging. Character customization starts a bit limited but as you get higher in levels its more about what you want to play and what your party members be. You are not locked into your starting class at all and I love that, hoping they have a lot more choices in the full release.Gameplay wise is point and click, though I found there is a lot to interact with in the world in different ways, one of the more different ways I found was that playing an Elf or having an Elf in your group, the elf can eat a corpse and gain the memories of that person, and it actually does play a part in the game. Combat is much of the same, point and click with a lot of tactical choices to make, the enemy AI is well refined and act in actually very smart ways even on the easier difficulties. I also found it pretty neat how your spells, items and attacks can change the battle ground and make hazards for yourself and your enemies, with the enemies able to do the same. Such as freezing a wet spot on the ground to give a chance of someone slipping on the spot or shocking the water with lighting to stun everyone standing in the wet spot. Though at times at least for me I found it hard to move to avoide these hazards at times like the area they were affecting were slightly larger than they really were.I even tried a bit of co-op with friends and a bit hidden in a sense once we figured it out, connecting with one another was clean and easy to do.Storywise I found interesting enough, a dark world with many dark themes with demons, torture and corruption. The premade characters have backgrounds and behave well according to their backgrounds. Another different system in this game is the tag system. Basicly pick tags for your character and you will have in game choices that you can make based just on those tags you pick. The pre mades having different choices as well they can make based on their stand alone backgrounds. Though it does feel you can get same results no matter your background still, it does help with immersion and at in making your created character feel seprate from the rest.Graphics, are not that important to me, but they are decent enough in this game. Though playing completely zoomed out (pretty much the only way to play an RPG like this) I found it a bit difficult to notice things I could pick up or interact with since they are so small. A few rare times I misclicked on something because of how small it is. I have an older system, so I wasn't able to play on the highest settings, I was able to however able to play on high even though the game suggested I play on low. So I can see pretty much everyone able to play this game with no issues. Even when I tried the highest settings I just had a slight drop in Frame rate.Overall Divinity 2 I recommend highly, especially if you are a fan of old school RPGs and Pen 'n Paper RPGs, you will feel right at home playing this with a high level of immersion and ability to costumize your character however you desire. Story had been done before but it's presented well in the world, and should be interesting enough to keep you playing. Combat is deep, and will challenge the thinking sides of your brain to approach each encounter in most effective way possible, plus have you thinking best way to build your characters to deal with threats in your prefered way. You might find a little frustration in interacting with the world due to how small things are and will even miss a few things if you aren't careful, but it shouldn't be a big enough issue to remove any enjoyment in the game.Hope you found this helpful if you took the time to read it."
76561198012453280,Recommended,435150,35079548,Posted: 20 September,all,TheManWithTheHarmonica,This is the sort of game you once dreamed about existing.  It is now here.  Buy it.
76561198006449264,Recommended,435150,32012024,Posted: 27 May,all,xodarap777,"I know it's blasphemy to say it... But this is easily on-par, already, with old classics like Baldur's Gate.I think it actually surpasses them.  The freedom is (even) better, the atmosphere, the character-building, the amazing replayability, everything.It's significantly better than the first, which I found enjoyable but didn't fall in love with.  It had so much potential, but never really seemed to get there.  This gets there - right away.It's that good."
76561198080889334,Recommended,435150,30583731,Posted: 17 March,all,Orange Slash™,That Awkward Moment when a Alpha Version of a Game Is More Polished and has less bugs than some of the triple A releases.
,Recommended,435150,35022920,Posted: 17 September,all,Retrotus,"If you want good old classical RPG feel that does not kill your smart with stupid RNG, If you want something that is not just rush in and kill everything and be a godlike all the time, if you really think that games nowadays has made you dumb and numb, then Divinity 2 is for you.For example my experience so far has been..I chose tactician difficulty as it said enemies will use tricks that they wont otherwise. i played few hours and was about to lower my difficulty from tactician and now i'm glad that i did not. It really makes you save scumming A LOT, but other hand it forces you to learn some dirty tricks to defeat enemies as they really do some dirty hoccus poccus to you. The difficulty lives by it name 100% in this game imoIt forces you kind a explore world more to find out ways to beat something that serves your royal head in a plate.. And when you do that you find some many interesting stuff from the game world that you would probably just missed. Mostly in other games exploring just feels kind a work but not in this one, it's rewardingThere has been many fights that i had to delay due lvl difference and bad gear, Fights that i need to find an alternative way to approach. Some situations feels so unfair until you really think it through. For me it is just pure joy, wanted so long something that is not just blatant rush in and slice everything or that stupid RNG kills your smart moves, it's you and your stupid moves and strategies what gets you killed.. and ofc i can blame a bit other games that has made your brain so dry for new ideas ;)Same style goes with conversations. Listen what they have to say, it might help you later.. No it will help you later. Books, notes etc is rewarding to read as they can have life saving info or ways to unlock some puzzles later on. Sometimes even info about NPCs in game world wich you can use to get their favor in conversation. No, the game does not unlock conversation choises when you find info about people. For long time i haven't read so many diaries in game that i have in this game so far!Voice acting is not annoying to listen. DOS1 gave me that feel i was listening shakespeare but in this on they nailed it.What i can say...The victory is like drug now,every nook and corner is my friend,every item that is not nailed down is my salary or key to success,every book or note makes me a bit more aware of the world in game.every stronger enemies that slain my team is like tasty revange when you come to beat them later on!10/10 in my bookPS. if you are new to Divinity Orginal Sin, Tactician difficulty can be a bit harsh first ;)"
,Recommended,435150,35037667,Posted: 17 September,all,what,"As an avid CRPG and Tabletop RPG player, Divinity OS 2 is the most fun I've had in a long timePros:- TONS of roleplaying freedom and variety- Companions/ NPCs are interesting and diverse (playing as an origins character also adds even more depth)- Writing and story is quite good (Larian Studios have join the ranks of RPG storytellers such as Obsidian)- More mature story compaired to D:OS1- Traditional Journal style quest tracker rather than modern ""map-markers""- Freedom to approach objectives with your own methods- Lots of exploration- Actions have consequences and not afraid to punish you for them- Co-op is implemented nicely- Visuals quite good- Comfy musicCons:- Quest bugs (journal not updating)- Magic still seems to dominate (summoning gets ridiculous)- Pyromaniac galore (fire and poison combo makes difficulty a breeze)- There are several fights that can come down to who can cheese the hardest (especially on higher difficulties)sidenote:- Armor changes are hit or miss for some people, probs either hate it or like it"
76561198037576203,Recommended,435150,31551118,Posted: 4 May,all,KingCoconut,"I'm 80-90% sure the people who made this game are clarvoyant.I have done so much stupid crap in this game. Made so many weird, bizarre builds, and somehow... They all feel balanced, they all work, and they're all perfectly acceptible ways to get through the game. So I'm getting creative. I want to break this perfect system. I'm sure there's a crack... somewhere.Next goal- the wall build. Build a character who can hold a lot, have them drop it all in a wall formation, use that to hold off melee attackers.Wait. Every class has a teleport skill of some point. And the melee class sets things on fire when they use theirs.CURSE YOU LAHRIAN STUDIOS!I didn't mean it. Big fan. As of my first time this game. (Still in early access and all. Calm down guys!)"
76561197973545135,Recommended,435150,35211834,Posted: 25 September,all,Staypuft,This is the Baldur's Gate 2 for a generation that doesn't deserve it.
,Recommended,435150,34985265,Posted: 15 September,all,TikiBob,I had my wife jailed by stealing some swords and sending her the cool new gear I found for her character. 10/10 would sleep on the couch again.
,Recommended,435150,34978767,Posted: 15 September,all,Too_Lazy_Cat,Done with character creation. Looks good.
,Recommended,435150,34724608,Posted: 3 September,all,Deus Vult Finem Weeaboos,Game isnt even finished or fully released yet its better than 90% of the crap you'll find on Steam
,Recommended,435150,35046525,Posted: 18 September,all,^1Big^8Large^3Mc^6Huge,-wake-up on an island-finds a black cat-cat follows me-this cat is my everything-walks into a town-walks up to a guard post with archer towers-archer shoots and kills my innocent cat-i proceed to kill everything and everyoneMeow/10 would avenge my cat again.
76561198129650275,Recommended,435150,34946330,Posted: 14 September,all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"DOS II is a herald to old rpgs from the 80s-90s.  RPG’s like Fallout, Wasteland, Baldur’s Gate.  All of them rewarded you with exploration, dialogue, minute journal-keeping and little to no quest markers.  You relied on your wits alone to get you through the game.  Choices mattered in those games.  If you ♥♥♥♥ed up a quest, the game would make damn well sure you knew it – and felt it.  Unlike most modern RPGs, Divinity is open-ended and not just with classes.  You want to be a magic-wielding rogue?  Go for it.  Pure rogue that steals and kills everything that isn’t nailed down or moves?  Go for it.  The choice is yours!  Be whatever mixture of class/skills that you want.  What this game is is a love letter to rpgs of the past and it has little to no hand-holding.Pros:+ graphically one of the most beautiful CRPGS I've played.  Varied enviroments, painstaking details, vivid colors.+ Written dialogue is very well done - characters have stories they're willing to tell+ the story is intense; it leaves your morals confused and often conflicting+ Incredible customization for characters.  Skills, weapons, attributes.  This really is a game that harks back to working your character out+ Challenging.  This isn’t your momma’s half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥RPG.  This game WILL kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you don’t play your cards right+ The world is massive and rewards players for exploring and roaming+ Multiple solutions to quests.  There isn’t one way to do everything.  Find one solution you like?  Quest on!  Find another way that suits your fancy better?  Game on.+ Graphically very pleasing to look at!+ Music is what you’d expect from a fantasy game and it’s pleasing to chill out and relax to+ Party members are interesting and have their own backstories/quests+ Multiplayer/Co-op!+ Option for fast travel when you discover waypoints+ VO's are nice but I've played the game for so long without them that I find the experience more enjoyable with it off completely+ loot in certain vendors has changed or does change so there's always plenty of variety+ crafting is so optional that you almost don't really have to bother with it unless you want to+ The Gamemaster mode is probably the best thing since tabletop simulator+ The freedom to do what you want in-game+ Loot once you hit just before leaving Fort Joy and after is beyond plentiful+ Variety of characters, both recruitable and NPCs alike are astounding; everyone has a story worth listening toCons:- Gold can be hard to come by.  Or... you know, cheat- A lack of direction can often be confusing; especially for gamers just getting into the game/series+/- Multiple quest solutions can be missed or completely over-looked.  Although exploration/deep digging can help you find themFinal verdict: 9/10: would play love letter RPG again.  And again… and again."
76561198048711859,Recommended,435150,34951238,Posted: 14 September,all,Sgt.DexSoll,"-creates a dwarf named Grumps the Headbasher.-Grumps wakes up from a torture room on a ship.-Grumps does not remember how he ended up there-Grumps meets a lady magister.-the Lady called grumps a dog.-Grumps was not impressed and showed her how he got the title Headbasher.-Grumps accidentally killed the lady magister.-everyone is mad at grumps.-Grumps kills everyone-Grumps walks in a room and finds a chunk of flesh-Grumps decided to eat it because he thought he would get healed by it.-instead Grumps killed himself because the flesh took his last point of HP.-this was the end of the chronicles of Grumps the Headbasher, who single handedly killed 4 guards but died of food poisoning.EDITAnd now since people started saying this isn't a review. no it is not it is simply a joke when i first started the game without any clue as to what i might end up with. i was at a moment of weakness when i just got my salary and came home drunk. so the next morning i started playing the game. here's an actual review based on my 9 hours of playtime.the pros:-you have total freedom on how you want to play the game(could also be seen as a con at times)-indepth turnbased combat(height matters and you have to anticipate that sometimes out from the shadows people can turn up to kill you)-the origin characters have rich personality's and you don't really have to play as them to influence their story since they can also be your companions.-story length.there are 3 story acts that have a suprisingly long playtime and each time you want to replay it it's almost always different since like i said you have total freedom over what you will do. ( i play multiple characters but right now i am about 6 hours in on my undead witch and i haven't even come close to finish act 1 and from what i've heard of others act 1 can easily become 15 hours of playtime)-OPTIMIZATION! this game's beautifull combat effects can clutter your whole screen and your computer (or laptop) can still run it smoothlyNow some small cons:-*total freedom on how you play.sure is nice to play it however you want but... you must also discover each mechanic yourself (this is also how Grumps started a fight because i accidentally stole a book infront of the magister and also may have hit her with a knife before) also you can miss allot of story contents if you randomly kill people.-tutorial is a bit vague sometimes and forgettable when you get too much on your plate because at same time you are fighting and trying to predict what your enemy is going to do.after this there aren't many cons about this game that i can mention until i have actually experienced the full game and not just act 1. call me biased but just of the sheer size of the game you should try it. i can already sense this has allot of replay value."
76561198093532672,Recommended,435150,34950831,Posted: 14 September,all,tommygun999,"At last!You see, I'm a simple man. When I see lots of negative reviews from my fellow russians «oppressed by english», I just hit ""YES, Recommend"" button."
,Recommended,435150,35063364,Posted: 19 September,all,Lock,"Away with Pubg, Overwatch, H1Z1, and every other streamer crapfest that came out in the past 3 years. Finally an actual game again. You can eat cheese and teleport friends into the middle of a nest of crocodiles while setting the whole world on fire. It's all I ever wanted. 12/10"
76561198049366511,Recommended,435150,34911389,Posted: 12 September,all,knifefail,By now im completely convinced that the only ethical developers that produce quality games with a passion are European studios such as Larian and CD Projekt Red.
76561198001374495,Recommended,435150,35151228,Posted: 23 September,all,Sam Crow,"Hands down one of the best CRPGs in recent history. I'm willing to say I liked this even more than Pillars of Eternity, and I'm a Infinity Engine RPG nut.It's a bit different than your classic CRPG, the main story doesn't seem that extraordinary, but it grows on you. It's not what makes the game good. The journey is.- You have multiple ways to achieve things. Want to steal a chest without being seen? Teleport it away from affar. Want to blow up a door but it has too much HP? Blow it up with an explosive barrel.  Want to escape a keep of evil clerics? Well I'll let you figure that one out for yourself, you'll have many ways to chose from.- The voice acting is great considering how little budget they had compared to triple A companies.- Every NPC has something to say.- The writting is just right, and very immersive.- Remember the combat in Torment:Tides of Numenera? Wipe that nightmare out of your memory with the combat in this game. It's fun, complex and actually makes  you look forward to battles.- Each companion is unique and complex. Great char development as well as you proggress.I could go on for ages. The bottom line is they have outdone themselves immensly with this game.Go buy it and support Larian so they can make more."
76561197971199730,Recommended,435150,25563414,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Chronic,"Some developers still remember how to make a good game, thumbs up for Larian!"
,Recommended,435150,25731842,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mortified Potato,"Ah, finally done creating my character."
,Recommended,435150,34960657,Posted: 14 September,all,Orma,"Surpasses it's predecessor in every way possible, especially in the quality of writing/dialogue.Best RPG since the crowd-funding craze started. (if not ever)"
76561198091701175,Recommended,435150,35037502,Posted: 17 September,all,Sonic from Drake and Josh,I turned an elf that hated lizards into a lizard.
,Recommended,435150,34103551,Posted: 8 August,all,Bigdick69ercoolguy420weedbong,"Larian have somehow managed to turn a brilliant game in alpha into an absolutely outstanding title on release. This game feels complete, down to even the smallest of details. Every expectation I had for full release was completely surpassed. The devotion to developing this title for the fans that put their faith into it is truly humbling.14/10."
,Recommended,435150,28928313,Posted: 1 January,all,Johnny_Devo,"When I first got this game, I was immediately assaulted by an array of limiting areas, tough enemies, and hard fights, to the point where it felt like I wasn't allowed to do anything except a very strict railroad of easier enemies in order to progress. It made me start to lose faith in the game, because it seemed like there was only an illusion of freedom.But then I got good. After floundering around in my first save file for a good few hours, I sat down and made a new character, applying everything I had learned. I made a focused character. I scrounged for every piece of armor, clawed at every possible avenue and advantage, and I applied the very tactics that destroyed me in the first playthough. It didn't take long to learn that if done right, the game is just as impossible for your enemies as it could be for you.What I was rewarded with was knowing that there are, for example, several different ways to complete the first area. It's not a railroad; I just, to put it blunt, sucked. In fact, after discovering my first way though that beginning area... I went back in, and starting clearing out enemies, starting in order from most managable. It became an arms race of beating the lowest enemies I could find, surviving the encounter, and assimilating any loot I could find, up to and including the paintings on the walls.Then, I come up to what I'll call ""midway"" through the first act. Suddenly things are falling into place with the plot, and I'm gaining hints of what appears to be a really neat story in the making. The varied things you can encounter kept my interest once I had the skill to progress, managing gear was interesting due to the magic armor and physical armor differences, and limited resources forced me to make interesting decisions every time I came across a nice piece of gear in a shop.I began to learn of the various advantages and disadvantages inherent to different styles. Spreading your points can mean you have access to a ton of powerful toolbox abilities, but don't deal much damage. You can focus all your points into one aspect, and that character will be a high damage monster, but will lack in utility in comparison. Pair two such characters together, and your high damage will punch through the defenses of your victim, then the utility monster will knock them down for a turn, only to be put in the ground for good by your high damage character's second round.Essentially, what I'm saying is if you find yourself overwhelmed by this game like I was at first, I suggest you attempt to absorb what the game is beating into you, then try to use that to beat it back into the game. If you can manage that, the varied builds and playstyles as well as the interactive battle system may just capture your attention.Overall, this game is already something that I would consider great, and they're only in early access. They're still working on the game and the story, accepting feedback from the forums, and they're doing it well. Worth the full price now, can only get better from here. Would recommend."
,Recommended,435150,35255758,Posted: 27 September,all,Frosch,GOTY GUARANTEED
,Recommended,435150,25705713,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rawrihazshotgun,"The more you play D:OS 2 the more fun it becomes, for instance: Find a hard boss thats way over your level? A: Build a box fort and snipe it to death. Find some hard enemies and you're all out of boxes? A: Lure them to some nearby guards and sit back and reap the rewards. Find a hard mini boss in a dungeon? A: Teleport his♥♥♥♥♥into a cell that you've blocked off with a box and run away so he doesn't think it was you then snipe his♥♥♥♥♥ Ambushed by skeletons? A: Reload and aproach slowly with box fort. Find some nasty boxes/crates blocking your path? A: Harvest them for boxfort."
76561198082590901,Recommended,435150,35059368,Posted: 19 September,all,Sigmar,"At times, this game has instilled a sense of wonder in me, that I've very rarely felt in over 20 years of gaming. It's made me laugh out loud, and genuinely care. There's an overwhelming amount of things to see and do, and there's immense depth everywhere you look.This is the one game I don't regret buying at full price — and I'd gladly give Larian more as good and honest developer. I can tell that this title is a labour of love.I genuinely think we'll be looking back at DOS2 in a decade, as a classic in the cRPG genre."
,Recommended,435150,34954846,Posted: 14 September,all,LunchBox,"All the idiots who posts a Negative review purely on Language not coming out for one week after release can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves. The game is 11/10.Edit - This game needs no review, just buy it and thank me some other time. I'm doing you a favor here"
76561198080836857,Recommended,435150,30605036,Posted: 18 March,all,Crackajosh,"Wore a bucket on my head for armor.  This was after killing a child when his mum found out i stole the razzle dazzle grenade.  First character i made ended up deleting as i got into a fight i couldn't handle, burned my revives(had no recent save).  I have talked two people into fighting to the death to settle a petty argument, had followers that have a blood feud, put out fires with raining blood, picked the pocket of my buddy online w/o him noticing, and spent 20 minutes the first time around on character creation.  I've only just hit the first city as well. . .This game is just terrific.  DO NOT GET ME WRONG, the fights can be really, really unforgiving(ofc i play in classic), but rewarding as well.10/10 i'd murder that child again."
,Recommended,435150,35215979,Posted: 25 September,all,Bantamu,A mastercraft of its genre and something all RPGs should strive to be compared to.
,Recommended,435150,34724702,Posted: 3 September,all,PhineasJack™,"If there is a game dev of the year award, Larian Studios deserves it, hands down. DoS  was already an amazing game. But this... this deserves some recognition by the big boys. Best of all? They are their own publisher, and they deserve every cent we give them, for such a gem to be in our libraries."
76561198113847172,Recommended,435150,28264448,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Arendt,"Come all, listen here,Stay awhile, lend an ear,For I have something you need to hear.This is a game you need to play,Even if it takes all day.Explore Rivellon from dawn till dusk,Just don't become a SOURCE-less husk.I think I'm done imitating Bellagar,Please put away the feathers and tar.One more line, if I may,I'm eagerly awaiting release day.*****************************************Awesome game, even if only in early access."
,Recommended,435150,29544996,Posted: 28 January,all,S_,"Halibut, sheep's chese, tomatoes...."
,Recommended,435150,34988055,Posted: 15 September,all,federated state of trollnesia,"Some pretty severe balancing problems really hurt this game on the harder difficulties at the moment I write this review. It definitely seems like melee-heavy parties are not very viable. I've restarted three times now and reduced my party's melee investment with each restart and I've been progressively enjoying the combat more as a result. Basically, melee at least so far in the first act, do not have mobility skills they need to do anything. Attacks of opportunity require a trait investment, which is kind of lame. It doesn't help armored enemies mitigate a lot of melee damage and that getting magic resistance as a fighter is difficult, resulting in a lot of annoying CC from numerous enemies.I've had to cheese a lot of my fights to win them (abusing conversation mechanics mostly) and it feels kind of bad.The game is still fun, but I would advise doing research about party composition before investing a lot of XP.Also, this game commits a lot of ""cardinal sins"" for me:1. Persuading people down from fights...results in a net XP loss and no notable change in the story's outcome (at least so far); as far as I can tell, being a murderous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is the best way to play this (by far, even). Aside from meager barter prices I don't see a point in making a charismatic character.2. You're encouarged to fight and kill trash for XP; at multiple parts in the first act instead of advancing the story like I wanted to, I was compelled to scour the area for more things to kill. If you like this, then this is the game for you. Reminds me a lot of Baldur's Gate in that regard.3. Some party members, if you don't keep them on a short leash, will break quests for you by doing naughty things to NPCs.4. Quests break...and there's no notification about it. It's basically a missing thread. It's kind of interesting this way, leaving you to figure out how to resolve the quest, but if there's no way to resolve it, you'll never know for sure. So be careful when you go murdering people who might be connected with a quest.This is definitely preferable over Skyrim's ""everyone is invulnerable"" bullcrap, but I'd like to know when I've royally ruined everything and should reload.5. A lot of game mechanics aren't forshadowed at all (one of the early fights has turtles which...explode for a ton of damage when you kill them, really great surprise when you have a lot of melee in your party) and you'll be reloading after you experience them.6. Numerous boss weapon drops so far for me have been inferior to standard stuff I find in shops. It's funny (not in a way I like), this one notable enemy I killed dropped a dagger which had a ""10% bleed chance"" mod on it - and that was supposed to be the draw for me using it I guess? In a turn based strategy game, ""10% anything"" might as well as not be there. There are a lot of other lukewarm mods on gear that might as well not be there or do anything. I've been vendoring a lot of stuff.7. Gold isn't super abundant, so you will be picking up pots, pans, and kitchen sinks to make by. I've never liked this as it's just absolutely silly and tedious.Depsite my gripes, this is definitely a solid RPG and tactics game, at least the most of what we can expect from 2017."
76561197971040246,Recommended,435150,25558807,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,n00blet,"Loved the first one, the second is even better. Just finished the first part of the game in about 20 hours or so. Better value than most games already and this isn't even finished. Great devs, great game. Buy this now!"
76561198099041057,Recommended,435150,34964864,Posted: 14 September,all,Kvist,"It is one of the best RPG for PC since Baldurs Gate 2. If you like games like X-com you will love this one.If you liked games like Pillars of Eternity you will also love this game. It also is the closest approximation of Pen and Paper brought to live i nice graphics for PC.You really can't go wrong with this one. Buy it now! Support Larian, they are great and make awesome games :D"
76561198101660842,Recommended,435150,25567379,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Johnp92,"You should invest in this early access and here's why.Larian always complete their games so it's guaranteed this won't be left dead in the water.I have played this slice of the game to completion once and had several failed attempts which have put me at around 18 hours, I haven't even started pvp yet. There is going to be hours upon hours when this is completed.What's hours worth of content if it's not fun? It's really fun, I can't wait for more back stories, skills and character customisation but what's there right now is very entertaining.We have this early access so we can help to shape the game, Larian often change things if their audience don't like something or if they have new (and good) ideas. If you buy this you can help shape the game.I hope this helps."
,Recommended,435150,34988639,Posted: 15 September,all,"13lackHawk, The Godwoken","Actually this is the best game for me since Warcraft III was released.Developers really have put their hearts and souls in this game.I can just play this game 24/7 and nothing is going to stop me.Because this is what my whole being want to... to play one of the best games ever made in this world. Enjoy every minute spent in this beautiful world. This feeling is incredible.999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10And dont even try to argue with me.Larian Studios, you are the best. Thank you guys!"
,Recommended,435150,35079143,Posted: 20 September,all,Dunkaroos,"I am not kidding when I say this is the closest game to a true ""dnd experience"". Not perfect by any means, but damn close. 99% beautifully voice acted (1% being your character who doesnt talk much, which I personally prefer.), visually stunning, most if not every npc has been thought through and is unique with dialouge options, choices that matter with true player freedom, and amazing main and side quests. Game master mode is ground breaking to say the least. Mod support is very welcoming and sure to give the game life for years to come. This game is easily worth 60, yet they sell it at 45 with no pre order BS. A great game by a great developer. 100% Reccomend to rpg fans and players even slightly interested, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,435150,34479618,Posted: 25 August,all,goodbye,This beautiful game features a great story with an absolutely gorgeous soundtrack composed by Borislav Slavov.It reminds me of classics like Baldur's Gate and even preaches creativity in the quests. There are many ways to do one thing and decisionsabsolutelymatter.Thisis how a true RPG is done.
,Recommended,435150,25576792,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jiohn Galileo,"How is an alpha game already this polished?! After playing DOS and seeing that it was crowdfunded, I have no fear in buying this game while it is in alpha. Why? Because I know that buy giving Larian Studies my money the game will be polished even more so than if they did not recieve my money. All that this game is really missing is voice overs, sound effects, some descriptions, and events text. AND ITS IN ALPHA! crazy. I reccomend 100%"
76561198017963543,Recommended,435150,28687599,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Separomaturi,"After spending hundreds of hours playing D:OS, I can confidently say that D:OS 2 improves nearly every aspect of the original's gameplay.Without spoiling any of the story so far, I can at least comment on the richness of the added mechanics, and the undeniable feel of polish added to the user interface, character creation, and combat.The co-op works great for 2, 3 or even 4 players, my friends and I were able to jump straight-in without any issues.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,435150,35074739,Posted: 19 September,all,MrZanki,"waited 2 days deciding IF i wanna buy it, not my kind of game genre but still looks good...♥♥♥♥ it lets buy it, fast forward: 44 hours gameplay later i cant stop playing, and i will play a second and third time and make other choises because it changes a LOT, also the story teller does an amazing job doing his voicelines, its like reading a book, printing everything he says into your imaginary with the stuff you see, they save animations and deliver good feelings, ai laik it"
76561198033108678,Recommended,435150,31190697,Posted: 16 April,all,Somber Mood,For gods sake finish the game!
,Recommended,435150,34970949,Posted: 15 September,all,moo moo zoopals,"I am incredibly excited to say that this game is all that I could have asked of Larian Studios. As someone who loves Dungeons and Dragons, Pathfinder, etc, Divinity: Original Sin 2 simply blows my mind. The dialogue can be witty, comedic, even tongue-in-cheek, but at times it is also grim, dark, and serious. Each character has their own way of coping with situations, and you as the player must work to keep the group together. You can choose the class of all of your adventurers, and tweak your main character at the start screen - in effect, you can multiclass from the get-go. Abilities synergize and can create opportunities that can be exploited by other party members - or, if you're not careful, by the enemy!In terms of customization, the game is lovely. In summation, you can advance your character in a non-linear fashion if you so choose, but you might find it easier to create classes that are symbiotes (they benefit from each other's abilities).In terms of audio, the game is FANTASTIC. The voice acting is wonderfully immersive, and the sound effects are well-timed and well-orchestrated. Speaking of orchestas, the soundtrack is incredible. If you don't believe me, give it a listen on YouTube. The ability to choose which instrument will play at turning points of the campaign really gives you that feeling of audio customization, and lets you feel like you are in control of every aspect of the game.In short, I may sound like a ""yes-man"" when I wholeheartedly recommend this game. I may sound like there's nothing wrong with the game, but there are several bugs which are still unfixed and exploits that can be exposed to the savvy gamer. But, if you are like me, and you simply enjoy a game for what it has to offer (a complex storyline, diverse characters, entertaining combat, excellent audio, above-average graphics), then this game is for you!"
76561198002329794,Recommended,435150,29997091,Posted: 17 February,all,snaplemouton,76 hours played and counting on the EARLY ACCESS which only contains Act 1.I honestly don't think I need to say more here beside: I highly recommend this game.
76561198070771450,Recommended,435150,35017707,Posted: 17 September,all,YonderBunkle,Now i dont need friends for D&D
,Recommended,435150,35046720,Posted: 18 September,all,God,"Just fantastic. I was like ""Original Sin was amazing, I don't think that it's possible to improve it a lot"" and oh boy was I wrong. It's a masterpiece.Why are you still reading? Just buy it."
,Recommended,435150,26481047,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shraska,"[I played through the early access at November 7th]THE GOOD!+ New races to play+ No ""pawns"", so full 4-player Co-op available+ Alot of improvements from the first game+ Overall graphical upgrades+ New special ability systemTHE BAD!- You always feel Overpowered- Stats need rebalancing. Going full initiative makes sure you always get to play first. You can kill all enemies before they have a first turn (on highest difficulty!)- Obvious huge gaps in item upgrades- Pickpocketing still way too broken (unlimited gold/all shopitems for free)- Having 1% magic armor is enough to stop all debuffs- Enemies too easy to crowd control (stun / freeze / knock down spam)- Rangers STILL do too much damage (very broken in first game)- No penalty for poor intelligence / low magic skill. Your spells will always land and you will always have 100% chance to crowd control. You can have a warrior/rogue/ranger hybrid mage. Having a pure mage is such a waste.- Whole game revolves around the ""teleport"" spell or simular transportation abilities- TOO many abilities that allow you to escape or move enemies. You can never get hit by melee enemies, and you can always teleport enemy ranger/mage infront of your melee team and just insta-kill them on highest difficulty.- Almost all of the quests are broken. If you don't do them in the correct order (which means you can't explore anything) you can never complete them. Even the final quest of Act 1- When you start a fight, your characters run around and position them selves very awkwardly. Even if you pre-set them in high ground etc they will run down and just stand somewhere totally unconvenient- Sometimes the conversations always end in the same way, no matter what you choose to say. For example; you argue with an NPC. The outcome is exactly the same no matter if you win or lose the argument- Argument stats (intimidate, wits, intelligence etc) don't matter. If you have maxed out your strenght you will still lose intimidation checks vs. cowards, if that's what the game-designers intended.CONCLUSION!• All non-direct damage spells need to be nerfed alot.• Debuff vs. magic armor system needs to be reworked.• Conversations need to matter (it's an RPG for crying out loud..)• Exploring shouldn't be punished by breaking quests.• Crafting is totally pointless and needs to be reworked.• Pickpockets needs a huge nerf.. since the starting area I have had the best items available to me.There are alot of things that need improving and changing, obviously it being in EARLY ACCESS.I still recommend the game because I really enjoyed the first one and I know/hope they won't polish this one any less.Hoping they put alot of effort into balancing things out so I don't feel like a God at level 2 (on highest difficulty);I will probably rate the game8/10when complete (and nerfed)."
,Recommended,435150,30840834,Posted: 30 March,all,Gravedigger Fagus,"Everything an early access game should be and a single-handed revival of actual RPGs.  Whatever you do, don't talk to any dogs."
,Recommended,435150,31347498,Posted: 24 April,all,Viggo,10/10 If you are a fan of D&D ... you need this game.
,Recommended,435150,25612373,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Butcher Pete,"I played the first Divinity: Original Sin, and now I have played Divinity: Origin Sin 2 to completion (or to, at least, completion when it comes in terms of what is available in the alpha), and yet I am considering picking it up for a second run.The combat of this game is excellent, and - I believe - is its shining feature.  And if you think you are particularly good at it there is now even a PvP arena in DOS 2.With that said, if you did not like DOS 1, you will probably not like DOS 2.  The game is the same formula, practically the same combat system (with a few improvements and a few setbacks), and really the same story-quality of the first game.  You might find the story a little disappointing if you bought into all the hype that Larian threw down about hiring so many writers, when really what you are looking at is pages and pages of written dialogue (no voice acting) that you will probably begin to skip through six hours into the game.  And I say that as someone who loves books (Andrej Sapkowski's Blood of Elves is sitting right next to my keyboard).  But, look on the brightside: it's still early access right?  They could improve it... well, at least we can hope.While I certainly have enjoyed DOS 2 for its combat, graphics, and character design... the story is not going to win any awards if it stays in its current form.  If that is going to be a deal breaker for you then I suggest you wait until the game is finished and see how it is then.  But if a badass combat system is enough to draw you in, then I'll see you in the arena!(Oh, by the way, I should mention that the lizards in this game look really, REALLY badass... and sexy. :3)"
76561198320811465,Recommended,435150,32631030,Posted: 21 June,all,mrobinson8163,"After Playing this game for around 74 hours with many friends I can say without a doubt that this game is a fantastic RPG with great characters and deep exploration. There are a few bugs here and there, but that is to be expected with a game in its Alpha stage. I love this game and I even purchased it for two of my friends, which they are addicted to now! I would highly reccomend this game to all RPG fans, and to any gamers for that matter.Pros:Fantastic MusicGreat Strategic gameplayGraphics are cleanFor being only Act 1, story is well fleshed outGreat teamplay and multiplayer experienceGreat opportunity for role-playingSteep gameplay consequences (seriously)Cons:Occasional game breaking bugs (Save often!)Memory System needs to be over-hauled!Gear being Attribute locked (Can be frustrating at times)"
,Recommended,435150,25726276,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sandwich Maker 2000,"Gorgeous game, so well written, even though early access it feels really polished. Initially the lack of voice acting was my only bane and still kind of is, but I can understand why with the amount of writers in this game as opposed to the first. Only 2 writers for Divinity Original Sin, there's triple that for this and voicing the game would take years. Conversations feel a lot more in depth too and I found myself voluntarily reading it as opposed to just skipping, which is what I ended up doing on Original Sin (not that it was boring, I loved the voice acting, just got very tedious in my opinion). Worth the money tbh, I am very proud to know that I am supporting Larian Studios on this journey. If you haven't got DOS2 and have been thinking about it for a while, it's worth it."
,Recommended,435150,35016102,Posted: 16 September,all,Saguthegreat,Pros:-Great combat mechanics and a very rich story and lore. What blows me away is that it seems like each and every dialogue in this game which has more than 1000 NPCs is completly very well voice acted. kudos to the devs!Cons:-The game has a lot (and i mean a LOT) of sidequests/party quests and the game's quest tracker becomes too cluttered. I hope the devs include a quest marker for individual quests rather than marking all the quest waypoints on the map together.
76561198016251889,Recommended,435150,34993615,Posted: 16 September,all,Monkfish,"This will be my 1st steam review ever.. why now .. why on this game ... Well it is easy really, there hasnt been a game imo that has been released that has grabed me like dos2 has. in my 44 years I have played all sorts of video games. Dos2 is a fresh breath for me in a market now dictated by sales rather than content or design. Dos2 is a wonderfull adaptation of old d&d boardgames and classic video games like Fallout , Neverwinter Nights , Baldurs Gate , I would recomend this game to anyone who has been looking for a game that will challenge them. I have sunk about well over 40 hrs into this game and still havent finshed the 1st act. Do yourself a solid and go out and buy this game 5 stars 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34946381,Posted: 14 September,all,TheLegend,"After playing countless RPGs, isometric and otherwise, I have yet to see any that come near to the polish and complexity of DOS 2. It has been a wonderful experince throughout the BETA. The story is intricate, the combat tactical, the gameplay fluid.The only game I have ever preordered well before its release date."
,Recommended,435150,35028076,Posted: 17 September,all,"So long, gay bowser","Do you like turn based RPG's? Do you like Dungeons and Dragons? Do you like extreme replayability and beautiful graphics? Do you like good game development on all levels? Well this is the game for you. Larian Studios has quickly risen to my all time favorite game development company. They listen to their fans, they don't make money grabs, they put their heart into their games."
76561198080263894,Recommended,435150,32138991,Posted: 2 June,all,Daborgon,10/10 if you like DnD
76561198068821185,Recommended,435150,34942512,Posted: 13 September,all,dakotadon,"A friend of mine introduced me to this series in Divinity Original sin remastered. We played the game for many many days, completing everything we could do in the game including a lone wolf tactician mode run. It gave us many hours of enjoyment, leading to my absolute love for it. It stands as one of my top games of all time. I cant express how excited I am for this to release, I bought the early access as soon as it was available and have already spent many hours playing. The excitment to see what this great company did with this beatiful game is almost to much to contain, its needless to say ill be going on vacation for a week starting today!"
,Recommended,435150,34486227,Posted: 25 August,all,Hooman DNA,"Based on the teaching I found in the old book of ""My name Jeff""this game is the beginning of a new lief.3, this is the number of weeks left from today until the game is released.100, is the percentage of my excitement about this game.And most importantly...1, is the number of games that stepped up their game to match Witcher 3.Well played Larian Studios. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)UPDATE:Seriously, the game has been relased and I am really looking forward to playing it! I see that a lot more content has been put into it and I can't wait to explore all the options. Thanks Larian Studios :D"
,Recommended,435150,31689896,Posted: 11 May,all,Lyra,"If you enjoyed the first part, you will love this one!After playing the first act very thorough here are my highlights!Combat:Strategic and creative combat just like in the first gameCombine the skills you value just the way you want itCombine skills and spells for devastating Combos (make it rain, turn the water into poison, set it on fire and cause a massive inferno!)Overcome challenging adversariesUse diverse statuses to deal with superior forces (stuns, freezing, burning, poison, slow, petrifried) while using others to help your own team (Rested, Fortified, Magic Shell, Haste, Regenerating)BUT BEWARE your opponents will use this very system themselves to put an end to your adventureStory:Play as a Sourcerer, individuals capable of using an ancient force known as source which attracts the Voidwoken, monsters prone to ending the world!Start as the ultimate underdog! Be a prisoner in ""Fort Joy"" a place where they herd sourcerers to ""cure"" them and try to break out while wearing a collar that surpresses you using source!Pick a Origin! Be the noble Red-Prince, the mystical Lohse or the vengeful Sebille! (and maybe others that might come in the future)ORMake your own character and customize him/her with the new Tag-System! Are you a Scholar and an Outlaw ? Or maybe a Barbaric-noble kind of guy? It's for you to decide! These tags offer unique dialogue options and influence the way you expierenceYOURcharacter! And your followers have tags of their own making them even more alive!You are godwoken chosen by the gods to do great things!"
,Recommended,435150,28252800,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jewishman,"Return to the wild world of Divinity, this time as the source hunted. Play as any one of 5 (..4) racially different heretics shipped off to magician auschwitz for the weekend. Help needy elves, recover lost oranges and walk around a prison camp fully armed in platemail without being noticed. It's up to you and a maximum of 3 friends who are hopefully not specced the same as your main character to finally learn the true difference between magic and sorcery.Really enjoyed the 15 or so hours I spent on the game, while there's dialogue and more gameplay complexity (crafting) to be added, the game is extremely functional as a demo and worth the support for the final product. Im stoked to see past act 1. Visually the game looks great and theres plenty of improvements that have been made to gameplay. Parties will open doors and climb ladders to travel long distance and combination classes are more intuitive and natural to skill. Waypoint distribution is more efficient and 'zones' are visually distinct to make it easier to navigate. There's plenty of little secrets and mysteries to keep you occupied while following questlines and I liked coming back to finish off a particular path or attempt a difficult fight at a higher level without feeling like I always had to.I often found myself cheesing through battles and puzzles I couldn't win fairly using increasingly underhanded tactics. Players are free to exploit Divinity's mechanics, a refreshing change, where most RPGs are concerned about limiting your ability to break the game, Divinity says ""♥♥♥♥ it, teleport that man, slip past that locked door"". Beating challenges in creative and logical ways immersed me in the world and was what got me so addictied to OS1. Quests are easier to follow and plan for than before in terms of following where to go next and what exactly it was that you were supposed to do now. Dialogue is currently under heavy development but hostile and friendly choices are already there and serve well to give you some influence over outcomes. Choices are still sometimes nicely ambigious while usually offering a 'safe' way to exit or press for more information about the choice. Quests make liberal use of previously completed quests, conversations and suspicious items to further reward and immerse players.Tracking objectives on the minimap is more consistent and the menu UI has recieved some much needed improvement. Combat and skills already feel mostly balanced, combination classes seemed much more viable than in OS (maybe just me), and AP and skills have been rebalanced to be more uniform. Mobility spells that were master level in OS are now novice so everyone spends less time walking around in combat. Basic attack and spell AP cost is no longer the same or higher than advanced skills and spells are priced more logically for their effect (no more AP 7 teleports).With no technical issues to complain about in my 20h playthrough, I can only have issues with the changes to memory slots and master spells. Instead of skill mastery affecting spell memory for that skill, spell memory is now allocated to an attribute stat. For people who liked their caster to have 5 action bars full almost immediately, bad luck, everyone in the party more consistent early on regarding their ability density. Additionally Master level spells now cost rare  'source points' to cast each time and cost an additional memory slot compared to novice and adept (2v1). While I understand that because memory has replaced the increasing point cost system of skills that it has to be relative, but no-one likes buying slots with attribute points directly. Also the nature of source as a resource (rare + necessary to open doors, activate shrines, progress the story) triggers my autism meaning I never wanted to cast Source Magic.Lastly, the loot system has stayed mostly the same, being predominantely randomly generated. Im hoping hand placement becomes more of a thing as the devs look to put more polish on the game as across both games players tended to collect a lot of crap. Completing a quest/dungeon should mean receiving a unique or relevant item given as a guarenteed reward, I often get nothing out of a quest but copped a top tier item from a fallen goon or box.tl;dr Hard game to complain about even in Alpha, one of the few games worth the price tag in early access."
,Recommended,435150,35431134,Posted: 2 October,all,Kodijack!,"(Remark: I never tried the game in EA. I knew it was wiser to wait for full release. So everything here bases on the final thing)Woah!What a masterpiece RPG. I really already liked the first DOS (and its predecessors, although completly different, too). And I'm not much into turn-based isometric RPGs at all.And this time they really managed to drag you into their world. Many races, interesting locations, tons of secrets, tons of sidequests, billions of lines of conversations...It's not a perfect game, and surely has some tiny flaws, but the overall experience damn rocks. That love for all those details.Like at some point there is a Pianist-ghost (which you don't see usually without a skill) and beside her is a book of Kirill's (*sigh*) best songs. And you can ask her to play those. And she does. Spent like 15 minutes in that mansion just standing there and listen to Kirill's songs.That ""pet-pal""-Talent alone is worth a thumbs-up. It's so enjoyable talking to ""critters"" on a map. Getting hints, secrets or even quests. Or just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t nonsense :)Pro-Hint (super tiny spoiler):Try to keep that cat alive at all costs you'll met very soon into the game ,-)If you love RPG, like or can endure turn-based, there's no way around this one. GET IT. If you dislike RPG or turn-based: stay the heck away. This is not the droid you're looking for.The good (what to love):Play as one of the ""origin""-characters. With their own complete backstory. Which is highly recommended for your first playthrough. But you can still customize your character completly.Graphics are really neatSFX/Music is really great. Sadly no more track from Kirill. RIP man!You can talk with animals. One of the coolest features ever in an RPG. Meet snobby cats, cynical crabs, hopelessly optimistic dogs, etc. Not only for fun, but for quests, hints, secrets...Awesome feature!MODS! The best thing a game could have. You don't like a particular feature? Get a mod. There is none? Make one.Completely voiced, not one sentence is not spokenNo bugs/crashed so far. In 1,5 playthroughs at the moment of this review. Not even a misaligned texture.Often many ways to solve a thing. For example getting of the first island there are around 11 (right?) different ways to do that.Many actions DO have consequences. Some minor, some major.Well done turn-based. From my noobish-PoV though. Fights are fun and can range from relaxing to OMFG-WHAT-HAVE-I-DONE.Comparatively short loading-times. Once a map loaded, you instantly(!) switch areas (like to a cave or whatever else transition). VERY MUCH appreciated. Nothing kills immersion more than stupid 1-minute ""LOADING...""-screen. In and out of a cave in not a second. Yeah, great, thanks!Tiny details like being able to make notes on the map. VERY helpful if you discover something that you MIGHT be able to solve/do/pickup/catch later.You can specialize all of your companions upon you first meet them. Great detail! Like one of the characters but don't need their supposed role? Fine, change it. No problem.End of Act 1, when you finally got a grip of things and how this crap works, you will get your option to RESPEC every character completely. YES! I love that. Some of us gamers don't want to put hundreds of hours into ONE game and multiple walkthroughs and be more efficient in ONE walkthrough. Thanks for that. If you hate a feature like that, you don't HAVE to use it.The mediocre (not good, not bad, but no show-stopper either):Some schools/talents/skills are somehow pointless and you will never use them. Good idea, bad executionSome ambient chatter becomes annoying pretty quickly when you're e.g. shopping near. Damn stupid NPCs :-)From time to time it doesn't really seem to matter much how you're playing (be the nice guy or the sociopathic arsewipe). Some or most encounters are bound to happen anyway. But well this is a game and not the real world, it's impossible to be prepared for everything :)VERY high replayability (not a PRO for people with not much sparetime for gaming). Many ways to complete quests, enough people to form a party and hence change the quests/suprises/sidequests. This might be a big plus if you have much time at your hands.If you hate micromanagement you might even be a lil frustrated at the lowest difficulty. You will have to manage gear, skills, talents and spells for four characters nearly every 5 meters when you've found a new thing. Lower difficulties are very forgiving though. But can still challenge you if you have zero idea of what's going on. But if everything's too much for you there are still MODS or even cheats.No real Set-items. Well on the first Island there is a set. But not wearing the complete set curses you and by the time you'll have it complete it's of no use at all. And there isn't even a set-bonus. Reducing this to a boring errand for the completionist.The ugly (what to hate, may kill the fun):Items rarely really feel unique or great. Found a ""legendary""? Yeah well, walk 10meters and you'll find the next better one. Plus most non-""unique""-items are random which often results in horribly sucky items. Intelligence-requireing pants with +X strength. Strength-requirement-ring with +X Intelligence and some mage-stats. Yeah great. For selling. Boring. For example the first SET: Great to aquire. Requires lot of work/details. But you'll end up selling that stuff for some coins before even completing it to WEAR it. Meh, VERY unsatisfying.SOMETIMES it can be hard to even spot your enemies in between turns due to all those status-effects on the screen. Could be worse, but could definately be better.If you play on higher difficulties you might find some schools/classes/character-combinations pretty useless/unfair. That MIGHT kill it for you. But balancing a complex RPG like this perfectly is pretty much impossible to admit. No excuse? You're to judge...Crafting sucks. No filtering, no sorting and you learn new recipes every few meters. But I failed to find the need to craft anything besides runes anyway.Recommended?If you can wrap your head around turn-based and like RPGs? YESYESYESYESYES! Don't hesitate. Even if you don't much like isometric games. You'll quickly forget that (I usually prefer 1st-Person).This is one beautifully crafted gem, with love for details. I'd name it the Witcher-Series of turn-based-isometric-RPGs. And I'm a Witcher-Lover."
76561198022355921,Recommended,435150,30244096,Posted: 28 February,all,Madao,"My First review ever.. i usually dont do these.. but i just have to say.. if you buy this game you wont be disappointed..It's challenging sometimes close to impossible, you gotta use your brain to make the fights easier. Just what i want in a game, not just about hacking and slashing.. you really have to strategise your setup.I literally LOVE this game and i just HAD to write a ""review"".. thank you, 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,33273917,Posted: 5 July,all,ATotalParadox,"Review: Absolutely love this game. Amazing tactical mechanics, great storytelling, and interesting classes and character customization. Lots of ways to solve puzzels or escape dangers.Feedback/Suggestion: I would really like to be able to Ping somewhere in the game world or on the minimap, as a way to help out multiplayer. You have the Pin system for the Zone Map but if we could do smaller temporary local Pings that would be super helpfull, or have the ability to draw fading lines on the minimap or on the ground.Great game though!"
,Recommended,435150,34965622,Posted: 14 September,all,Lieucen,Played the ea and it was a very polished and enjoyable game even in the early stages. Then I played it on release and the game felt even more polished and looked quite better. The voice acting and sound track are top notch and the gameplay is engaging and the combat is a blast. I do find it more enjoyable playing with friends than solo so if you find it bland get some friends to play with because the game really shines in a full group.
76561198028077987,Recommended,435150,25598427,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Minty,>Finds gloves of teleportation from crocodile early on>o♥♥♥♥♥♥cheese potential is real>start skipping all locked content>find more books of teleportation>whole team knows teleportation now>teleport everything and anything10/10 would play Portal 3 Alpha again
76561197999492626,Recommended,435150,34095949,Posted: 7 August,all,Watershipup,Having grown up playing Baldurs gate and the great Rpgs its awesome to see that finally they've put the time and effort into makling what is certainly turning out to be and should be one of the great rpg games.
76561198038687296,Recommended,435150,25633440,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gamebot,"* There has been some changes during EA. You can ignore this review, but the game is better than EA :) *1. Start a multiplayer game with your friends2. Fire Floor right next to the Water Floor + put some Poison Damage on it (Geomancer; Contamination)3. The Poison explodes on Fire4. The Explosion makes the Water Floor evaporates5. Water Floor becomes Poison Steam Clouds6. Fire spreads through the Poison Steam Clouds7. Whole floor becomes Fire Floor8. Conclusion - Fire Floor everywhere + Poison Steam Clouds on your head9. Say sorry to your friendsIf you want to say this game is not a masterpiece,Say that after playing HP Necromancy Zombie Inquisitor with Pyrokinetic and Geomancer skills.(EDIT : My bad. You can't choose Necro and Zombie both. haha.)Poison and Fire everywhere, and You'll be still standing on the middle of poison floor.This game is great."
,Recommended,435150,35234283,Posted: 26 September,all,Pixlow,"Paid some pimp in a tavern a 100 gold for a prostitude. Went up to the prostitude and had a long good talk about how she should actually be paying me for it, then said ""Now that we have established who is the most desireable here, i will take my leave"".She got mad and said i couldn't get a refund. Little did she know that i already had stolen my money back from her pimp.10/10 Would steal from pimps and ♥♥♥♥ with prostitudes again.But in all honesty the game is great, the story is much easier to follow now that it is voice acted in my personal opinion. Upon reaching Reaper's Coast i have experianced some slight problems with perfomance, but other than that, the game has been going smoothly.The turn based combat gets spiced up by the ground effects, you can either make great use of those mechanics or they can be your doom. Saving before battle is recommended. When combat gets challenging there is no shame in reloading a save to come up with new strategies to defeat your foe. Running from combat might also be the smartest move in some situations.The origin characters give a nice dynamic to the singleplayer game, having them in your party leads to some memorable events between you and them. When you interract with an npc they have interrest in, they will let you know, you can either allow them to do their buisness or keep them away. This will lead to you bonding with that character. If they do something you do not like, you can often have a talk about it afterwards.The music in the game is pretty good, but sometimes there is some mishaps where a piece of music that is out place plays. Nothing gamebreaking, but you can lose a bit of your immersion. You are able to pick 1 of 4 instruments when you make a character, you will hear these instruments being played in the level up music and etc.Persuasion checks have been a little confusing for me, sometimes when i believe i definantly should be able to pass the skill check for an option i fail and other times where i think i should have failed, i passed. No idea if it is randomized or how it works."
,Recommended,435150,34724683,Posted: 3 September,all,Steinthor,"This game is amazing, especially if you're playing with friends. There is so much weird and fun stuff to do. So, so, sooo many areas to explore and holes, chests and hidden areas to find. Definitely a very fun game to play! (Early Access review, can't wait to try the final version)."
,Recommended,435150,30763763,Posted: 26 March,all,Maru,"Very good Act 1. At first it was pretty hard for my friend and I to get through but we managed somehow.  I always enjoy how this game allows for so many ways to deal with certain situations.  I liked the new physical/magical armor system. The only thing I wish was that they had made it easier to know what items combined to do what.  I felt like I was missing out on how the crafting system worked. Also I'm not sure on this Source pt system.  Granted you do not get much access to it till the end of Act 1 but I'm hoping this won't be something that is finite in the game.  I like to use the high level moves in combat more often,"
,Recommended,435150,32260509,Posted: 7 June,all,hawxace06,"On release everything seems to work perfectly for me. I have had no issues with the game at all, and even alone the voice acting is keeping me playing. Feel free to check some valid negative reviews for problems that will most likely be fixed. And remember, there is always the option to reload to rethink and plan. Lets hope this stays constant through the game.Ok, the Quest Log is broken as mentioned alot. And I found a couple of bugs.The devs are working to fix problems, but they just do not have enough people to find all the bugs.I am 100% sure the game will be fleshed out within a couple months.I also have heard that act 3 is kind of broken in a way, which I will experience myself.So far everything is beautiful and feels good, the graphics, audio, story telling, companions and all the other stuffs. As someone who enjoys smething and goes back afterwords to see everything, this will be a great experience.Early Access review:Before you buy: Please go play atleast some of the first game if you wanted to play this. It is finished so a new player can enjoy the full experience. I have just been reading people complain about the early access too much to ignore this.Oh and I very strongly recommend getting a friend to join you (There is a 2 player pack I pretty sure if you are feeling generous.) Without a friend that you can enjoy playing with,the beginning will be a struggle as it is a bit misleading.Also the game is difficult in a way that makes a person have to think critically, making a restart is inevitable unless you are either a master at these games or just have played it a while. Having another person to talk to about positioning and cc (main points of the game) really makes a restart less frusturating and more of a learning experience until you get into the groove.If you get this game I seriously hope you enjoyed it as much as the first one. Although I haven't beaten it completely I have enjoyed every step of the teleporting mess that it is.Also. If you can only buy one get this one. Both are really great though"
76561198119572367,Recommended,435150,33326979,Posted: 6 July,all,Golex,"A game straight out of my dreams. Great if you love rpgs and you need something new from the mmo format. Gives you immense freedom and immerses you straight in the game, you're in the shoes of your character. For fans of things like D&D and rpgs with lots of content, freedom, and immersion.Definitely one of the top games I have ever seen. Now just to wait for some idiots as dumb as me/friends to play it with."
76561198056269383,Recommended,435150,26672044,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bad Wolf,"This game is a clear upgrade from D:OS but if you've not played the game there's some things you need to know before buying.This is a very traditional D&D styled RPG. This means that there'll be a lot of reading, a lot of exploring, puzzles and the game is generally quite difficult if you don't pay attention. As an older gamer this is a massive throwback to the games I played as a kid, but if you're into hardcore non stop action games this is not the game for you.With that out of the way, if you're an RPG fan and you love getting lost in a ♥♥♥♥ed up and amazing world, this is the game for you."
76561198000927822,Recommended,435150,25803407,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,私のコックを吸います,"This game is incredible! I can't tell you though which game of the series is better, seeing that they are both AMAZING!I just wanted to give some feedback on the things I personally think are too overpowered. So I played as a elf warrior, and your race ability as elf is that you get 1 AP and + 25% dmg for some constitution. Then as a warrior you have enrage, which gives you 100% crit, and you can choose a talent called ""War Lord"" which enables you to get 2 AP back when you execute an enemy. With Warrior having 3 charges (Blitz Attack, Battering Ram and Phoenix Dive) which only cost 1 AP and Crippling Blow and Whirlwind as AoE you can easily solo pretty much everything. Those things in combination with the golden double handed axe you can buy from an NPC not that far into Fort Joy's story line you are just way too powerful compared to everything else. I mean pretty much all I did with Lohse and Sebille was relocating enemies using Teleportation and then just utterly demolishing everyone with my warrior. Red Prince was basically only there for the extra cc, allthough I found out that stacking physical armour on him and giving him Bracus' Helm and letting him learn Overpower is incredibly powerful aswell, seeing that he can shatter enemies' physical armour in an instance, making them an easy target for chain ccing them.So that was the part about warrior being too powerful, now I wanted to move to the part where I REALLY like the idea of two different types of armour (physical and magical) and them protecting you from negative status effects, BUT on the other hand it's just way too easy to abuse this mechanic into chain ccing everything, making the fights not really challenging at all.So in the end I wanted to say: Don't get me wrong, I really REALLY like the game and I was soooo frustrated when I cleared the first act that I had to wait until the actual release of the game, but I personally found those things that I listed too powerfull."
76561198357085833,Recommended,435150,35264908,Posted: 28 September,all,Morvran Voorhis,"From the atmospheric soundtracks, to the fully narrated storyline and dialogue, wide variety of character classes and spells to choose from, not too tough puzzles and rich details and secrets all around the map, this game doesn't lack none, can easily game your days away on this one!"
76561198007735084,Recommended,435150,33831203,Posted: 27 July,all,Erathan,"Game is looking good so far but, before coming out of early access the agro really needs fixing!Friendly NPC characters agro against you after the battle is over, even if the fire/poison etc. they are standing in, is of their own making.I have tried to keep several NPC's alive through fights only to have them turn against me during the conversation that automatically follows combat because they have taken damage from fire.Few other smaller issues I have noticed, occasionally characters abilities are greyed out during battle, quick save and reload seems to fix this.Random teleport bugs, you click to move and one or more of your characters instantly moves to another location far from the rest."
76561198301381058,Recommended,435150,25798273,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,wompaxstompa,"buy this game. even in alpha it feels complete. It has stunning visuals, compelling characters with arcing developments, fully fleshed out and complicated but familiar battle schema. this game is so much fun its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Its like baldurs gate had sex with dragon age and their baby was way too good for them so it decided to do it better! 10/10i wrote my first review because you need to know this ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,435150,29492335,Posted: 25 January,all,Shit Stain,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 improves on almost everything gameplay wise from the first game.No longer do you have to deal with unfair elemental damage and debuffs that one-shot you, instead there's a new armour system that blocks this kind of damage more reliably, both physical and magical. This new system makes it so you manipulate the battlefield to your advantage more so than just spamming out CC spells on the enemies.Combat is a lot smoother as they are both extremely aggressive but at the same time tactical as you aim your attacks. With the new armour system you will rely more on throwables and the environment to lower the opponents armour so that you can start controlling them with stuns or burning them.A new addition are dialogue checks which are similar to the checks present in old isometric Fallout games where your statistics determine your ability to have a successful persuasion chance. Be careful who you use to talk to certain NPCs as now the checks are decided by your main stats and not only your persuasion stat.Now the game is out of early access I really have to commend Larian for creating a fantastic game. They changed a few of the early fights so that they aren't too broken but at the same time switching it up enough to still make it challengeing. The new additions of polymorph skills and generous placement of source as well as tons of crafting recipes really shows Larian's commitment to making an amazing game.Never before have I marveled at the magnificence and brilliance of an RPG as much as Divinity: Original Sin 2.  The freedom, progression, story and overall game mechanics makes this one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,435150,34989876,Posted: 16 September,all,rocKvibE,RPG of the year. Again.
,Recommended,435150,35075059,Posted: 19 September,all,Heaveness,"I wanted to put at least minimum 20 hours into this game before I gave it a review. I can safely say that this is one of the best RPG games you will ever find, it's one of those games that will earn the definition of classic cRPG decades later. Normally I don't play a lot of turn-based tactical RPGs in my lifetime because I find the genre not my biggest interest but this game did a fantastic job enticing me into its universe.Q: How does the game run? Any bugs or crashes or technical issues?A: In 30 hours of playing I have encounter maybe 1 or 2 bugs but I find them minor, for example, some quests did not classify as finished when I just got the reward for it. I have not experienced a single crash in any of my games and did not run to any framerate issues.Q: Do you recommend it or not?A: Absolutely recommend it! The game is very well-made, the developers really poured their heart and soul into this game and it shows. It has online & local splitscreen coop, PvP, Tactical combat, controller support, mods, great writing, so much paths and methods to tackle any quest, Game Master Mode, and much more. I can tell the Larian Studios had a blast making this and it's thanks to them and the kickstarters backers that help fund this fantastic game.Overall score: 10/10Pros:+Fun and challenging tactical combat+Easy to get into but hard to master+Interesting and unique characters with the companions having their own origin stories.+Mod Support+A well-implemented coop feature that doesn't feel tacked on.+Beautiful Soundtrack+Definitely more than 100 hours of content.+Very well polished with little to no bugs or crashes and haven't experienced any framerate issues so far.+Game Master Mode which is a DnD style game which is a interesting way to play the game with friends.+Multiple ways to tackle an objective.+You have a ton of freedom and choice.+The graphics look great with some pretty locations.+So much secrets and this game encourages to carefully look and explore its world.Neutral:=The voice acting for the most part is good but some are odd and feels inconsistent when it comes to the audio quality but it does its job.=The quest journal I find to be a clunky with the map. When you have multiple quests active, you have multiple markers on the map that just seems messy and confusing. Although it is not hard to figure out what you are suppose to be doing.=A few quality-of-life changes would have been nice like increasing the walking speed outside of combat or having the hotbar not be cluttered whenever you pick up an item like a grenade. Luckily these two problems can be fixed with a mod.Cons:-Honestly there is zero cons I can think of for this game, other than on higher difficulties the enemies like to use a lot of cheese tactics which can be frustrating to deal with but you can use those same tactics on them too.I'll definitely play this game much more and I have still a lot more content to explore and be playing them with my friends whenever I get the chance. I highly recommend you get this game, I gave it a 10/10 rating not as a ""This game is perfect in every way,"" the game has a few issues, but it's more of a ""This game is worth every penny of your purchase"" kind of rating. Pick this game up for yourself or with 3 other friends, you will not regret it!"
76561198109059700,Recommended,435150,25845139,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ALPHAandOMEGA,"Best damn game out on the market. Ignore all the magic/physical armor care bears(I was one at the start). By the end of the first act it makes sense.  This game makes you think what you are going to do next, what armor you will equip and how to spend gold.Good Alpha and worth every penny.Thanks for making a damn good game once again."
,Recommended,435150,31949324,Posted: 25 May,all,JerryCrazyWheels,yes we need more coop open world games.
,Recommended,435150,25595298,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DOS 2 Finally! <3,"Well what can you say about Larian Studios ? I can tell you, These guys are on a whole new level when it comes to making games.I played the hell out of the 1st one on my PS4 and had to get this on my PC.DOS2 takes everything the first game had and x100 and you have DOS2,The graphics, the gameplay, the customization, and the best for me THE MUSIC is so on point it is outstanding.I will only ever have praise for all of you that have put so much love and effort into this game, there still are developers that know what they are doing.Thumbs up from me !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,435150,32774416,Posted: 25 June,all,Echoes,"Even in Early Access, D:OS2 will drop you into a world filled with interesting characters, fantastic writing, and tough decisions. I've already sunk a lot of time into the alpha, playing and replaying to explore the different characters, areas and playstyles. D:OS1 was one of my favourite games of the year, despite a few drawbacks, and the sequel already promises to exceed its predecessor.If you want an RPG with a rich, deep story and wonderful gameplay, you're in safe hands with Larian Studios."
,Recommended,435150,35487874,Posted: 4 October,all,texhnolyze,"Truly a divine Role Playing Game.Divinity Original Sin 2 offers a campaign with memorable characters, interesting role-playing options, and excellent systemic combat. The environments are beautiful and the soundtrack is solid. Gameplay mechanics and player freedom create a world I could see myself revisiting with different parties just to watch the story unfold differently. It may not be for everyone but if you’re willing to invest the time this title is one that will be played over and over for years to come. Larian Studios has created a masterpiece that will go down in history as a modern classic."
76561198058624282,Recommended,435150,33677316,Posted: 20 July,all,Bleuzz,"I've been searching for a game that I would play hundreds of hours on and replay several times. So far Civ 5, Terraria, Skyrim, Destiny, and Total War Shogun are the only games I would consider definately worth it. After binging this game I need to take a break, but I think this will be one of those games. Can't wait for its full release in september, greate game."
76561198055864522,Recommended,435150,30222410,Posted: 27 February,all,abstergent,"I played probably 200+ hours in D:OS (on GOG, gives me sads for no Steam achievements) pre- and post- the EE, so I'm, let's say, ""familiar"" with the games and the dev.  The moment I saw this was in EA, I didn't even speak the words ""Shut up and take my money!"" I just shut up and paid.  I highly recommend you do the same!I can say without reservation, this will be one of 2017's greatest games (T:ToN is going to be a close rival, no doubt), and this will probably become a game I spend many hundreds more hours in.(And now for an in-character moment, with my favorite Sourcerer, Ifan-ban-Mezd)Hmm, I want that ring he has but wow, it's expensive.  Ok, smile, nod, just keep talking, ""hmm, mm-hmm, that's interesting... oranges you say... uh-huh"" ""(here, put on these two rings and go 'round behind him, then nip his best stuff).""  ""He had a couple of smallish, dangerous-looking things.  Here, take 'em."" ""Yes, oh my, fascinating.  Say, why don't we have a little trade?""  I sell him back his own stuff, and trade for that ring at a pittance.  Later on, I'll kill him outright, and take back all the stuff we ""traded"".Role-playing is fun, and profitable!Once you master the mechanics, you can still see the 'gaminess' behind it all, but in truth, that doesn't really dimish the fun!  Learning to think strategically, then planning your next run with min/max, then tailoring each *ahem* ""event"" to your advantage, this cycle never gets old!AND THIS IS ONLY THE ALPHA!!The updates from the Dev during EA have brought sweeping, wonderful changes, posted even with some bit of regularity.  The videos are interesting and fun, and each update brings new elements toexploit... test. If you have ever enjoyed any parts of any role-playing or party-scale strategy game, buy D:OS2; you won't regret it!I'm stoked for the final release, and who knows, maybe they'll even do a full EE for this one (or maybe they'll just drop the full, voice-acted, massive epic on us all at once, in a surprise on release day; because that's just how awesome this team is!)."
,Recommended,435150,35393414,Posted: 1 October,all,Pharticus Maximus,"Masterpiece!!!  If you like ""real"" RPGS with choices that matter, deep combat system, story, loads of customization and possibilities, then you must buy this game. There is even a mode that allows you to play D&D style multiplayer with friends, you create your own adventures and can be the ""dungeon master"" in that mode, dice rolls and all. Just an awesome RPG, could be game of the year 2017."
76561198076127759,Recommended,435150,31214147,Posted: 18 April,all,parallelgnome.9111,"This is an amazing game really awesome game, me writing a review is extremely rare. this game is going to keep you engaged for hours and replay factor is insane. i loved the first part and now the early access is even more incredible dont miss this game guys no matter what dont miss it, hope my extremely rare review helps you. Have Fun :)"
76561198079248769,Recommended,435150,25601067,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Blohsis,"So far the game has been a joy to play. The game has taken up a notch both in gameplay and in looks since the last DOS-game. The combat is more fluid and enjoyable, the effects are as beautiful as they go most of the time and the dialogue is quite well written. But now I can get to the biggest complaint I have: Voice acting or the lack of. At the moment the only voice acting is in the intro and combat grunting. There is no dialogue voice acting so you have to read everything. That can be a good thing, true but I myself prefer voices. The rumors have told that there would never be any voice acting but we'll see if that's true in the final game. This is early access after all.All in all Divinity: Original Sin 2 is an amazing game right from the start and this is in alpha. We have a lot more to get and the things we have now already impress. I haven't made it that far as of yet since I have been testing out a lot of stuff but I can already say quite a bit about general things."
76561198014203580,Recommended,435150,32399619,Posted: 13 June,all,NHTI Gaming Professional,"This has potential to be one of the greatest games ever made, period. If you like loot, there's tons of it (including dozens of collectible uniques, even in just the first area).If you like a good story, then how do you fancy one drawn straight from fantasy epics: a character ascending to untold power, and perhaps godhood, to save the world.If you like turn-based combat, then buckle up for a robust and freeing combat and class system. You really can play the game the way you want to play it.If you're looking for something to play with friends, this is a great game for that too. You can have a party of 4 players total, so why not bring three pals to accompany you on the perilous journey ahead.Have no friends? Not to fear, speaking from my own experience, the game is still incredibly fun to play solo. You can customize each NPC party member, command them in combat, and switch between them at any point should you so choose.This game does a lot, and absolutely nails all of it."
,Recommended,435150,35055327,Posted: 18 September,all,RvB Caboose,"Fun game that is fluid enough to feel like a RTS instead of turn based, and I tend to not be a fan of turn based games. Great writing and story, fun little interactions that make situations different depending on who with and how you approach things. This ALMOST feels as good as DA Origins to me. And I haven't felt that good about a game like this in a long time. 9/10 so far."
76561198138700608,Recommended,435150,25539169,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Apollo Trollo,"I should start by saying that I am huge fan of the last game and I came in with the highest expectations.  My only problems for the first game were (1) character customization and (2) the lighthearted nature of the story.Well, so far, Original Sin 2 has fixed those problems with a jackhammer.  I mean the customization isn't perfect, but it is leagues improved from the last game.  And the tags are awesome.  As for the nature of the story, it is much more grimdark.  Plus, with the tags, you can already tell there will be tons of replayability.The game is beautiful.  And it's scary to know that this game is going to get so much better.  Heck, knowing this studio, we'll probably get an enhanced edition.This isn't a full game and I don't usually recommend games in early access, but considering the source and based on how much fun I've had with this, I have to recommend. it."
,Recommended,435150,35050120,Posted: 18 September,all,Prahett,"If you like Divinity: Original Sin, you'll LOVE this game. Plays like the first, but with a lot more to do in battles, around the world and interacting with NPCs and your party. Theres that same humor that the last game had, so youll still find those flavor items and people in the world. The graphics are beautiful and the world looks vibrant and captivating. The writing is as good, if not better then DSO, with an added narrator and voices with every NPC. Battles are like they were in the original, but they'd added more spells and abilites, as well as an armor mechanic for both physical and magical damage. Over all a great game 23.5 hours!"
76561198134787900,Recommended,435150,30820327,Posted: 29 March,all,Some lazy Guy,"Short Version: The game is fudgin awsome, and in my opinion lives up to the Original Sin (hehe), Dialogue is better, Combat is slightly different but still just as fun, though the attributes still needs work and ballancing, the drop in multiplayer sucks massive Cysealean Fish gonads because of the almost non-existant host controls and no in-game voice chat that i could find, though in organized play can probably be the most awesome experience in the game because of the awesome saves that can happen with you and your friends. I rate the game a 9/10 with the multiplayer a 5/10.This review will be mainly on singleplayer gameplay, of which i have player over 24 hours during the writing of this review and i will try not to spoil or touch the main story, quests and puzzles.Gameplay 8.7/10The gameplay, much like it's predescessor, is a turn based RPG a la classic fallout and in my experience is much faster paced than fallout and Divinity: Original sin. The difference in gameplay from Divinity: Original sin is that the action system is more compact, some attributes were replaced to make things more simpler, defence from physical and magical attacks as secondary ""health"" bars instead of %reduced, a character past system that gives you new dialogue, and that the dreaded rock paper scissor persuasion system is gone. Many sees the changes as a double edges sword as it removes the more familiar aspects of the game, but to me it was very easy to learn which may have been the intent of the studio and you can take this as a negative or a positive.Dialogue and persuasion system10/10Better than previous system in my opinionThe player dialogue changes i very much appreciated, especially the removed rock paper scissor system, the character past dialogue is interesting and suprisingly incredibly useful as you can get minor help from NPCs, an example would be ""MINOR SPOILER""in the cave there is a lizard who sells physical weapons, armor, and spellbooks that will give you a minor discount for having the soldier tag.Combat Gameplay9/10It's different though not much better than the previous system in my opinion.The gameplay and combat is still quite similar to it's predescessor, but much more fast paced and flashy, especially the new source magic though some of it can be underwhelming. Many of the combat changes seems to be based around the new magic and physical armor system, particularly the damage dealt within one round of combat seems to have been bumped up by a lot both NPC and playable characters compared to the older system.The difficulty around the armor system can sometimes be glaring because magic, to me, is a much greater threat than physical attacks because of the almost ridiculous amounts of dangerous magical effects that enemies utilize likepoison, stun, fire, frozen, and cursecompared to the physical debilitations,cripple, knockdown and in rare cases bleedbeing the most dangerous physical ones. The good thing about the new system is that as long as you have the type of armor the effect/element affects the debilitation will only be applied when that armor bar is fully depleted, though some can see this as a negative since i actually liked the willpower/bodybuilding system.Physical combat is still a very good way to do focused damage on one particular enemy, but is more devastating on one with little to no physical armor as  a well placed  barrage of arrows and melee hits can dispatch those enemies very quickly, though the same can't be said for monsters fighting against the playable characters unless the players are underleveled, but a proper and well built team can still kill enemies 3 levels higher than them.Attribute changes7/10Simplifying things doesn't mean better, this is a good example. Worse than the previous system but is still okay in my opinion.The attribute changes to me are weird, like dr seuss weird, wits being too good with it affecting initiative and perception, constitution does not affect anything other than health, memory not affecting anything other than amount of spells (in my opinion it should affect some dialogue or something out of combat), and intelligence, having the same problem with memory only affecting combat and spells with no change in dialogue or out of combat stuff, strength is still heavily affecting combat very useful for throwing and lifting stuff and other out of combat stuff but is still overtaken by telekenessis, finesse only seems to affect combat and theivery, all in all the attribute changes are pretty wonky compared to the previous game.MultiplayerDrop in 3.1/10oh boy.Organized 10/10I've not played organized multiplayer but i can see it being incredibly fun.I've only played multiplayer once and it was drop in multiplayer, and first impressions are the most important especially for new players. There are very little controls for the host of the game, for a game based heavily based on teamwork and tactics there is no voice chat from what i can find, the kick function does not work properly because a player can just rejoin particularly trolls and greifers. A help bar and proper command console/tab for hosts can help tremendously, adding a function that ban players from the server, and an option for local voice chat can help drop in play by a lot."
76561198041761145,Recommended,435150,26219573,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Whyzard,"I played this game for only 15 hours, however, I would gladly replay the campaign with friends, or fight them in the Arena mode.Only the first Act is out for now, and despite that, even if I did not even do every available quest, I spent 15 hours on this game. That part of the campaign also happens to have good replayability, because every quest can be finished in a diverse number of ways.The gameplay, while lacking some polish and balance (not too long ago some skills were seriously overpowered), is impressive and looks like it's only going to get better.The story and the characters are well written, and endearing. The game managed to make me care about characters that I only met in one quest, which is indicative of its overall quality.In conclusion, despite the current version of the game being short, it is brilliant and shows a lot of promise. I applaud the people at Larian for their work, and I trust them to make this the awesome game I know it can be.Of course, you should only buy it in its current state if you want to support the developpers, as, in its current state, it is not worth 45€I will update my review as soon as that changes, however.EDIT: Well, the game is out now, and boy, I wasn't disappointed. The two new playable characters, Fane and Beast, are every bit as interesting as the other ones, and bring their own little story line too.Many skills were added while others were re-balanced, mod support is here, and it seems that it can do absolutely amazing stuff, Game-Master Mode is pretty intuitive and easy to handle with a bit of practice, and combined with mod support, I think it's going to allow for a wide range of adventures and campaigns to be designed by aspiring GMs.Overall, while the UI can be clunky at times, it is well designed. I'm especially impressed by how Larian pulled off the controller controls and UI, it requires a bit of getting used to, but it works great. Local Coop is great too, and it means that you can more easily play with friends that could not necesaarily have bought the game.Overall, a fantastic game, that I recommend without hesitation."
,Recommended,435150,25528241,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dhr. Bernard,"Tbh not owning this game is the original sinAll nonsense aside though, I really like this game.Although there is only one chapter available at this time, there is a big island to explore with hidden secrets like treasure and hidden caves. The combat is deep and has a nice tactical twist to it and definitely feels more smooth compared to the first game.However, before buying this, keep in mind that this game is still in early access for at least half a year. So there is no voice acting yet, some sound effects will be missing, you might encounter quite a few bugs and glitches and most important of all, there is only one chapter available at this time (you still get 8-15 hours of gameplay from this, plus there is an online pvp arena).If you don't mind the lack of content and if you are a fan of a bit more slow-paced rpg, this game is definitely something for you."
,Recommended,435150,25685200,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Clockwork,"The depth of this game and the ridiculous amount of fun I had in every encounter allowed me to completely forget any odd glitches that come with an early access game. Though I could only play through one act, it took me almost a week to do so, with so many paths and so much to explore, and so many characters to create. I can only hope that Larian continues to flesh out this already rich experience and expand it. There's so much here, and so much potential. Improving upon everything I can think of from the first game, they've really done the RPG genre some justice.I anxiously await the full release of the game, and I hope they continue to work on it well beyond."
76561198065661666,Recommended,435150,33466532,Posted: 11 July,all,Angeluse,"So don't get me wrong, this game is still in early access, as they say in the actual purchase description thing on the store page here. Just buy if you want to support them. That being said, this game is God Damn Good.If you like RPG's/DnD all wrapped together with pretty decently done co op. Look no further, The amount of freedom this game gives you in both combat and actual interactions with characters is something i haven't encountered much of in a long time. Watch about 15 mins of gameplay online or something of the sort, and you'll see what i mean. The description said 8-12 hours for the Act 1 that this early access lets you play. Me and my friend are at 15 and have yet to even beat the act.It's a must buy in my opinion."
,Recommended,435150,25587291,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,benedict cucumberbact,>talked to a black cat and he started following me as a pet>one of the guards shot him on sight>inflitrated the guards hq>found the escape route>went back half the map to kill every single guard10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,435150,25528184,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Xilil,"Everything that made Original Sin 1 is in here, plus loads of extras that add to the experience.Character development now allows for much more flexibility. In OS1 it was pretty hard to make some original combos like a battlemage because of the way skills and attributes worked. Now it feels like characters are much more customizable to whatever crazy combination you want to have.The graphics are also a huge improvement. The PBR-rendering makes everything look stunning while preserving the nice aesthetics of the first game.The single player Act that is available to Early Acces offers a lot of content. The replayability is also quite high. There are quite a lot of ways to complete your goals, which will make every playthrough a bit different.The only problem that I think this sequel still has, is that sometimes it's hard to find the content for your level. Because of this you sometimes end up just running around looking for those level 4's you still need to kill to level up.I thought PvP was going to be kind of nice, but that is quite the understatement. The PvP is one of the best PvP experiences I had in a long time. There's so much depth to it, while still keeping it fun. This is were the additions in combat from Original Sin 1 really show their beauty with Source skills and tons of new surface combo's like blessed fire. I just hope there will be a matchmaking system eventually because the server browser isn't that good in my opinion. People try to put up private matches in public, so everytime someone joins they instantly kick them.Which brings me to my last complaint, which is that the game visibility of single player is the same as the visibility of multiplayer. This means that if you want to play single player, and right after that create an arena lobby, you have to change the setting every single time.In conclusion I think it still has its flaws which is normal ofcourse, but at its current state it is already a beautiful and fun game."
76561198094254204,Recommended,435150,30014718,Posted: 18 February,all,Deschuttes,"Great game so far. Upgraded from Original Sin 1 in every way that a sequel should be, no regrets in buying this game. Things I wish were different...the elves having leaves and twigs for armor...just some elegant armor would suffice. Oh and this game needs Ninjas or at least an order of assassins...that's it. Buy the game you won't regret it."
,Recommended,435150,25518925,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LugdunonTG,I loved Divinity: Original Sin both in Co-op and Single player. The first time I played it was that same feeling in D&D when you realise you can do nearly anything. Divinity: Original Sin 2 carries on this legacy incredibly well already considering it's early state. In the short time I've played I met a host of weird and interesting characters. Stumbled upon various quests that aren't just in plain site.This is the way I love my RPG's this game rewards you for exploring and taking risks. Just because the odds seem against you does not mean they are as long as you use the environment to your advantage. Blood puddles on the floor can become electrified to shock people on them. You can contaminate them to poison people and use fire to cause poison to combust. It's a wonderful game that I feel like will improve on the original in every way once it's finished. The early version does contain bugs and is obviously missing many aspects but if you wanna just mess around with builds or the new PvP modes then now is as good a time to jump in as any as long as you realise its not fully fleshed out YET.High recommendation from me for all RPG fans.https://youtu.be/LxvdYIl1IMIHere's some Gameplay if you wish to see more and I may consider making this a series with enough interest otherwise I check back every few updates.
,Recommended,435150,34826483,Posted: 8 September,all,Jaycob,"Divinity Original Sin 2  is everything the first game was but better and more. There's more options character wise (many different races), more possible outcomes of events and your decisions, more spellls, more everything!The story is quite interesting, because this time around it seems to be more serious, dark and characters you meet (especially your companions) have their own unique storylines and motives which make you want to learn more about them, understand their POVs and interact with them (very reminiscent of the legendary Baldur's Gate games). After beating Act 1 I'm absolutely hooked and cannot help but wonder how their stories might unfold and what suprises await along the way.UPDATE: The full game has come out and just as I expected it's bloody brilliant. Made it past the zone from early acces and there's so much to do, so much content that it's overwhelming. Best RPG ever!!The combat is more satisfying and rewarding than ever. It encourages creative thinking and approach to your encounters, as well as using the environment to your advantage. There's new spells and spell schools, including summoning and polymorph as well as many additions and positive changes to the old ones. The turn based battles feel a lot more fluid and engaging thanks to many mobility options characters got (grow wings and fly away, charge at your enemies or jump back - there's always an option). And of course You have the option to play the campaign with a buddy or a random person online. There's also a game master, dnd like mode coming which looks very promising. Exploration and experimenting with crafting and such is very rewarding and satisfying.The audio is stunning, with a remarkable main theme chorus music that I cannot help but to hum to myself as  I wait for full release! Game let's you pick a favorite out of 4 instuments (oud, tamborine, bansuri and cello) the sounds of which get mixed in battle music as well as pivotal moments in your campaign, crafting a really memorable experience.As far as graphics go they definitely feel like an improvement. Especially the character models and the armor design are gorgeous, where in the first game characters felt small and rather generic looking, with not many visual changes affecting them along the way, this time around each character and race look unique, feel big, present and meaningful in the game's world. Landscapes are beautiful and monsters you encounter look nasty (in a good way) and threatening.Overall, I am very VERY impressed with what I experienced in the game and absolutely cannot reccommend this game enough. You can really tell the game was made with love, passion and care. (A very rare thing to find in modern games). This is, I swear the best RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,435150,28441468,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,damdifino,Played through the currently available Act 1 twice because it is so fun.  Great turn-based combat.  Co-op is awesome.  Now I'm playing through the first D:OS because this one isn't out yet.
76561198010586827,Recommended,435150,35063575,Posted: 19 September,all,Scarecrow,Why are you here? Play it already!
,Recommended,435150,25537728,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kapy,"Quick review: It's bloody, dark and there are lots of choices again, it's similiar to the first game, but there are more customisation options and better graphics!Love this game so far."
,Recommended,435150,35049083,Posted: 18 September,all,Blixt,"Very good game, and approachable for both newbies and veterans. Very interesting stories with multiple perspectives (tip: start with an origin story character for your first character!)"
76561198205361800,Recommended,435150,34919588,Posted: 13 September,all,PickleRick,Tomorrow marks the day i never see sunlight again.
,Recommended,435150,32946564,Posted: 28 June,all,Cether,"If you want a classic rpg with top down elements, tons of choices to be made, massive character custimzation, exceptional world building and awesome gameplay mechanicsm, this is the game for you."
76561197970747733,Recommended,435150,32557129,Posted: 18 June,all,a-d,"I have a couple hundred games in my collection and this is my first review. So please forgive my organization.I don't know how to rate this game appropriately. I love it, but it has some weaknesses which I am not sure what to associate with (e.g. game design versus just alpha stuff).Game is smooth as soft butter. Runs great, plays great.For developers: Change the frequency of cat meows. OMG irritating with surround sound every 10 secs hearing the freaken cat.For players: Buy it early. I never bought a game early on steam. I loved the first one, watched some youtube videos on the development of the second and decided to buy early to support the team.If you are looking for a turn based game this is your game. I will just leave it at that and edit my review as I play more. But for now I'll place hold this with a 10/10 considering alpha and the like"
76561198133487807,Recommended,435150,29383671,Posted: 20 January,all,Seymour,"Ngl, IGN says it all:“An impressive sequel to an already impressive game”AND I need to emphasize that this REALLY is an improvement to the last game which makes it amazing. I mean it's not even finished yet and everyone says it's already incredible."
76561198036641793,Recommended,435150,25530379,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TheokolesTW,"The worst aspect of playing this in Early Access is that even though you're getting to play the game - you still have to wait until they release the final, finished version.It's going to be tough to wait it out. Because now I know just how good it will be.The game plays much like the first - just better. It's design, the more polished and tweaked systems. I've been playing with a friend who is new to the series and honestly I laugh when I tell him about some of the systems in place.""Yeah so you can teleport that bad guy and drop him on that bad guy and they'll both get hurt.""Or""Right, did you pick up that corpse's leg? Oh, well pick it up and we'll take it to an Elf so they can eat and tell us where to go next.""Or""I'm not sure what to do, we might want to talk to that cat.""Lol.Playing this game by yourself is great - playing with another person, or better in a larger group... man this game is gold.I've still got a lot of play left in this game - but I dread finishing it and having to wait for the rest. So I'm taking my time. If I can spend a couple of extra hours where someone else would take only 1 I'll be a happy bunny.Anyways, if you like this sort of game (and honestly who wouldn't?) do yourself a favour and pick this up for you and a friend. Just remember to come into it with the knowledge you're going to have to wait until next year for the full thing."
76561197986990899,Recommended,435150,25602370,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[styr] flexAUT,"It's already very polished in this stage of developement.I haven't had a single crash or bug (edit: besides some of the quests won't finish) and this is early access.Only thing that bothers me, is that none of the dialogues are with voice over.Makes it hard to enjoy the game after a long working/studying day.Hopefully they'll add that later.Great Game!"
76561198074562125,Recommended,435150,25561534,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Riffnugget,"First 2 hours in game and I haven't seen any bugs. This game feels so polished for an 'early access' title.The User Interface, animations, art style, graphics, mechanics and overall feel of the game feel so refined and polished even though its in alpha.I highly recommend you purchase this outstanding RPG and support these developers."
76561197983267841,Recommended,435150,25519796,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ReaperX30,"Having backed the first one on Kicksarter and owning it on PC and Xbox One, I was already sold on the sequel but even with it being an Alpha version at the moment it's already showing how great the final game will be. My PC can only handle it on Medium but it's still really pretty and run smooth. The first thing that will hit you though is how magical the soundtrack is. The people who did the music really knocked it out of the park.One of the new feature is the Origin Story which is basically premade characters with independant questlines meaning that if you play with someone and you choose a different character than you'll have things to do that the other won't and the same for them. I'm not a big fan of fixed character but the story of the one I went with (Lohse) is pretty interesting so far. Even if you choose one of the Origin Stories you still can customize your character's hair, hair color, Skin color, facetype and class.I haven't played a lot but I'm already hooked. It's a game still in Alpha and it's better than some I've seen in final state. Larian Studio have showed that they make quality games and this is no different. I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,435150,31648391,Posted: 9 May,all,Redzepper,"This game is one of the best, if not the best of it its kind, with a great story, a good sound track and amazing visuals. My original thought's going into this game was that it would be the same as every other, with progression graually getting easier until I reach the point that I would have no problem killing everything, but no matter how hard I tried I constantly had to redo some of the fights, to really learn the tactics and how the game works. The game exceded my expectations by far and I would definetly recommed this game to any fan of dungeons and dragons, especially with the new game master feature comming out soon, this could very well revolutionise D&D as we know it."
,Recommended,435150,29438045,Posted: 22 January,all,The RealWorld // Nexwolf,"Recommended. Very Recommended. Please note though: - Currently in early access. This is fine for me but you are currently only able to access the first act. There are plenty of bugs to be worked and features not yet added out as you would expect from an early access pre-beta release. That said, though, the first act is A+++D:OS 2 is a  turn based RPG based on gear, skill points and abilities, elements etc. A strategic game for sure. This was exactly the sort of game I was looking for and expecting as I was a huge fan of the original.This game manages to capture what made the original great and expand on it in so many ways, with the ability depth, more grim story and great style (even when running on a potato).There are plenty of features still to be implimented (such as local coop) as one would expect from an early access release. That said, however, you can be at ease as this is a company that has illustrated clearly in the past that they deliver big time on any promises made during the development period.Overall, if you're looking for a strategic, turn based RPG look no further."
76561198035158750,Recommended,435150,34954800,Posted: 14 September,all,studmuffin,"Having played the original buying this was a no brainer.Great to see this voice activated from the start to begin with.Also the game is smooth and stable.Only played about 90 mins so far but absolutely loving it.You will always get you're monies worth with Larian studios.The game world is beautiful.This game deserves to succeed big time and i hope it does.UPDATE:Now i,m about 10 hrs into this and i cannot say just how good this game is.The first game was excellent in all departments but this betters that by a mile.I,m still in the opening area and just taking my time.I keep finding little nucks and crannies to explore.Just buy the damned thing you will not regret it."
76561198281476657,Recommended,435150,31306000,Posted: 22 April,all,LORD CHRONOS,"Very good game so far. Of course there is the odd bug or two since the game is still in Early Access, but none of them have prevented gameplay.40+hrs played and multiple classes played.Finished Act 1 with 2 other friends and Lohse. Loving it so far and the inquisitor class is by far my favourite.A few of the fights took us multiple attempts but in the end we managed to beat them.Absoloutely reccomend and cannot wait for the full release."
,Recommended,435150,35077172,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr. Rusty Kuntz,"+ Graphics... Looks stunning on my 1060, one of the best looking games+Skills actually matter in both combat and story/exploration+Combat, though very difficult even on classic, is fun and requires strategy+Rewarding exploration+Seems to be man paths available...everyone will have a different experience+Voice acting is phenomenal+Generally interesting characters and story+Tons of content... I can see myself putting 50+ hours in the campaign and then many more in the gamemaster mode-anytime I clear any default keybinds and leave empty they are binded to the default again next time I play-map markers will stay after objective is completed-the journal sometimes lacks important information that you'd expect in a quest log (similar to the first game)-trading with characters can sometimes be annoying when you can't access party members items-Early game enemies have much better armor and abilitiesOverall a fantastic game that has few flaws. The difficulty is so far very high but manageable. Worth a full $60-"
76561197968773216,Recommended,435150,34945723,Posted: 14 September,all,PsychoPhyr,I went in expecting a great game and this has got to be one of the best I've played in a really long time. It's 6am on release day and I'm dying to continue where I left off!
,Recommended,435150,25525529,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lshorty,"I mainly bought this game to support the develpoers as I know the final product will be amazing. This early access verison of the game feels like D:OS but with improvements. Games already amazing, and will only get better, your money's not going to waste by buying this early access game."
,Recommended,435150,25517818,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Azbolg,"Game is super basic atm.No voice over dialogue like the deluxe addition.Cool thing is they are basically forcing certain race/sex on you (they have a lizard guy as a playable) to give your character a deeper back story for dialogue options.  Don't worry you can still customize their face/class etc.Audio effects seem a little off, and the music is so far subpar compared to the original.  All of these things I expect to see be resolved in the next few months as the game becomes more polished and lives up to its predicessor.Also on the beach there is a statue of Braccus Rex, which is pretty cool for emerssion.Buy this game if you want to support the devs (which I do).Waiting to give it a full or first act playthrough once they dialogue is more full rather than the way it is sort of asterisked as actionable atm, which is hard to read and play and get into imo.Game has most of the old classes, plus a lot of new skills it seems.  I wanted to play a (halfing) monk, but it seems like they removed that class."
,Recommended,435150,25775597,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,WNS | NecroLord,"I played the original Divinity original sin: Classic and i hated it, was clunky as hell.... They brought out a update which was a entirely new game with voice acting, new camera controls, new missions, more items/skills, everything changed so i played it and it was one of the best games i had played, i bought this on release and held off for a few days to finish the first game.. I tried the arena mode out and it is actually really fun! I then proceeded to the campaign with a friend of mine and was overwhelmed with the character screen for a alpha game.. I created a elf Necromancer.. I will eat everybody's corpse and steal their souls... That is what i love about this game, you can kill every single person in the game and still complete the story.. Well this game you (kind of) tell your own story, each race has it's own dialogue, each trait has it's own dialogue (bandit,rogue,scholar, that kind of stuff) and already for a alpha game seems almost finished! The story only has one act at the moment which i am SUPER BUMMED about but again.. It's alpha. Oh by the way..... There is a game master mode... Yup, you heard, DUNGEON MASTER! My dreams for a great game have become greater... Thanks Larian Studios!!"
,Recommended,435150,31571025,Posted: 5 May,all,Naswinns,"Loved it - finished Act I and can't wait for the rest ! I do hope my saved game transfers to the full game, because my characters and gear they have are awesome ! There were some bugs at first - was expected for the early release, but I didn't have any more problems after my crash info was uploaded to Larian. It was fixed after that. Please send me Act II or more while I am waiting for the full release !!!"
,Recommended,435150,29293644,Posted: 16 January,all,bclk,"this is early access ? good god its fantastic. great polishing, dialogues and story extremely enchanced comparing to D:OS 1. fantastic origin story and you can roleplay your character throughout dialogues and such offering specific reactions to your character regarding its origin and as you (answer) play and build it.it is also super consequent. *super small spoler ahead*i could kill off a possible companion following relentlessly my character backstroy and remaining true to his origin. amazing.10/10.ps. the additional multiplayer features that they add and knowing how seamless they integrate jumping in and out of games for multiple players including the expected game controller support (which should be similar EE when implemented) underlines the professionalism, dedication and commitment of this studio.all love to you guys from germany."
,Recommended,435150,26338915,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pump-it-up!,"What can I say... if you loved the first Divinity game, you will feel right at home.There are some bugs here and there, but that is to be expected of an alpha version.The game looks beautiful and runs smooth AF on a gtx970 on max settings.I have nothing overly negative to say about this title.Just cannot wait for the full game!"
,Recommended,435150,34960243,Posted: 14 September,all,fevide,Possibly one of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,435150,26528868,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,.,"So, I was suckered into writing a review for Divinity: Original Sin 2. It wasn’t the developers that pushed me towards it, it was myself. I’m not going to bother with asinine and pointless lists containing pros and cons. I’m simply going to free write my experience with the game. Spoilers, I guess. (tl;dr at the bottom)The title screen is gorgeous and the soundtrack is sublime. I was pulled into the game before I even spent six of my seven play hours creating my character. I didn’t bother with multiplayer as I have no friends and I don’t seek any that would play the game in alpha. I didn’t let this deter me, though.After five minutes of trying to learn how to operate the creation screen, I made my sexy female human that used blood spells. I was hoping for a necromancer class that I can summon hundreds of undead minions to do my bidding. Sigh. Making it rain blood was edgy enough for me.I got in the game rather quickly, actually, and the visuals were amazing. Sadly, my PC is literal trash and I had to turn them down so that I would have stable FPS and my PC wouldn’t sound like a 747 jet that was coming towards my house. Even on lower settings, the graphics are done very well.I then spent fifteen minutes trying to figure out how everything works, attacking a girl (it was actually a boy, I just assumed his gender) child in the process with a poison spell. Instead of reloading instantly, I decided to smack the boy with my staff before reloading.Skip ahead a bit and I was getting destroyed by some sort of slugs. Maybe setting the difficulty on explorer wasn’t a good choice. I also should have read the tips that came up instead of just ignoring them. I marched on after destroying those slugs (didn’t even break a sweat) and then met some guys in red. I proceeded to sass them about my journey being unpleasant.They didn’t like that. They got smacked with my staff.Reload #2.Didn’t sass them this time, instead, I just mocked their dead friend and claimed that I killed all the voidwoken, which I did. WHERE’S MY REWARD? I continued onwards, scouring the beach for shells and loot. I met some red prince guy who I instantly pushed into the water. Literally thought he was sunburnt. Interesting dialogue that is both intriguing and well written follows and I soon learn that he wishes to join my party! HELL NO! I am an independent blood mage! I don’t need no red prince.I see some lizard getting killed and I immediately wish the red prince saw that so I could rub it in that his people were being killed. Reload #3 so I can recruit him.I realise that 5 hours have gone by and that I haven’t really done much besides tormenting the red prince and sneaking around town, attempting to steal things from people. Sigh. RPG games.Morale of this? The game is fantastic. It has multiple choice options to satisfy your inner jerk. My only complaint is that I can’t join the magisters and enslave all the island. I think the island would be better under my rule. It’s also very well balanced and has a dialogue to satisfy everyone. I can’t really say much more besides that you should buy it. It’s a very good and captivating game, despite being in alpha."
,Recommended,435150,34972256,Posted: 15 September,all,Caped Baldy,"Awesome and incredible game, so much depth, so so much."
76561198000266166,Not Recommended,435150,35052575,Posted: 18 September,all,Black Hammer,"Really disappointed with the game. It does a lot of things well, but falls flat on its face in two categories.Encounter Design and writing.As someone who has played, run, and occasionally written RPGs, D:OS 2 feels amateurish when it comes to both those things. The encounter feels extremely samey, with nearly all enemies functioning the same. Almost every enemy's kit follows a checklist of AoE status effect, teleport, and heal. Their AI consists of picking a target, then dogpiling that target regardless of positioning or self preservation. Enemies will walk through fire, burn themselves down to 1HP, and be set to die next turn just to get in one more hit on target prime. Heck, they'll stand around without attacking or just spend all their AP moving if they can't attack said target. They ignore Oppotunity Attacks and Taunt effects, so the only way to prevent this is to kill or stun them.Doesn't help that most fights take place in the same sort of unfriendly terrain. Enemies get high ground, player gets hazards. Enemies get to magically appear from nowhere in flanking positions, player gets deployed in a clump regardless of formation settings.Enemy damage scales extremely quickly, but since they don't actually have gear, the player doesn't benefit from this. Pickpocket an archer NPC before a fight, and you find three gold and an empty bottle. During the fight, he will merrily pop multiple consumables, like explosive arrows or healing potions. He didn't have these before the fight, and if you kill him before he would have a chance to use them, he wouldn't drop them, either. Same for gear. The enemy archer will have better armor than your tank, and do more damage with his bow, but someone on death all his equipment vanishes into the ether.Or occasionally you'll get a pair of common quality gloves two levels behind, which he clearly wasn't wearing since they would never get his armor that high.The story of the game is stock for the Divinity series, which to be fair has always embraced the PC as special snowflake story trope. The character dialogue is iffy, but the plot frequently feels forced or out of touch with the situation.Kill a named NPC, said NPC returns in the next scene. If you let me burn someone to a charred corpse on screen, then animate a disgusting blob zombie with his corpse, that character should probably not pop up again.Overall, the game frequently feels like it was set up by a new or just plain bad GM. ""These are my favorite NPCs, you can't kill them. I put them in fights, but they magically survive or escape. No, you can't loot or use their equipment, because I don't want you to look as cool as them. Haha, look how dumb you are, being ambushed by invisible enemies I made magically appear even though you were standing where they were a minute ago."" Most of the game's challenge comes from this, rather than any real feel of difficulty.Few additional weird design choices:Initiative is I go-you go, meaning boosting initiative is meaningless, since you will always take turns with the enemy.Status effects are blocked by armor/magic armor, meaning these have to be stripped before you can apply effects. This seems fair, until you realize enemies have more armor and do more damage than you. Meaning they can frequently fire off these abilities and land them on the first hit, while you have to spend a turn or two chewing down armor.The armor mechanic also means you are best off focusing on one type of damage, preferably physical due to fewer resists. So in a game with six different kinds of spellcasting, one of the better teams is four 2h warriors bashing everything to death while spamming fly or teleport.Many enemies have flat out immunities to certain effects, for no clear reason. (A clear reason is something like a fire elemental being resistant to burning.) There is no way to predict this, so you can go into a fight only to find the damage types and status effects your party is built for are worthless for a given encounter.Graphics are nice. Gameplay has a lot of potential, but the encounter design lets it down. I'm in the 2nd act, and I'm sick of the fights. You get access to a wonderful variety of abilities, but you're best off running a party of all physical attackers and the odd utility spell.I want to like it. I think a really good game could be made out of the foundation D:OS2 is built on, but so far, Larian hasn't done it.On the bright side, it is way better than Dragon Commander was."
76561198021918586,Recommended,435150,35076978,Posted: 19 September,all,JayR-Star3,"IT""S SO F@CKING GOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!"
,Recommended,435150,35063614,Posted: 19 September,all,The Laughing God,Outstanding.
76561197996645532,Recommended,435150,31498019,Posted: 1 May,all,Maev,"Although the difficulty is extremly high, a bit to high for release i like it. Some fight take multiple attempts and really cheesy tactics like deploying rogue in the back of a boss with all buffs and then initiating the fight :DAlso you have the next lvl of making advantage of elements, especially of your blessing skill which seems the most important one in the game, eg. fire which can transform fire into holy fire.The graphics are INSANE like every log on a bridge is placed separately.So all in all the difficulty is a no go for the description ""Story Mode"" since the last fights are ridicolously hard but i absolutely recommend this game after release :O"
,Recommended,435150,35000491,Posted: 16 September,all,Crowzer,"If Larian had developed Baldur's Gate II, it would be called Divinity Original Sin II."
76561198048747535,Recommended,435150,32636317,Posted: 22 June,all,kitty_revelry,"Yassssss!I seriously love this game, even in the early stages. The gameplay isn't too grindy, and the smaller storylines that overlap the main storyline are fun and engaging. Hurry up and release the whole game already!"
76561198028942896,Recommended,435150,25866741,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Potato Baron,"Review of chapter 1 EA:Amazing game, solid improvement over the first game.  Eagerly await the rest of the game to come out.  Gameplay mechanics have been changed for the better over the first (no more speed, changes to action points, less expensive to move about, amongst others).28 hours played so far over 3 different playthroughs, very much enjoying the game.TLD;R  One of the very few developers I have zero hesitation preordering / getting involved with early access with.  Great game, even in its EA state."
76561198018157050,Recommended,435150,25600144,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sneezing Wizard,"This game is really great. Although it doesn't hold your hand when you first play it, I find the difficulty to be refreshing and welcome the challenge. Which RPG where you can play with up to 4 friends in co-op mode? None but D:OS2. The length of this Early Access is easily around 10 - 12 hours of gameplay if you just started to play.NOTE: If you don't like reading through text-heavy dialogues, this game isn't for you, as the game assumed you understand and read what the NPC said to you to finish the quests.I can't wait for the final product to be released, I assume there will be more origin characters released and hope that the developer will continue to polish and hear the input from the end-users."
76561198042415021,Recommended,435150,32801150,Posted: 25 June,all,gdarf,"My God this game is amazing, the freedom in this game is phenominal, just make sure when you first begin to play you give yourself a few hours so you can begin to immerse yourself in the game. it might be hard to get into otherwise."
76561198007411143,Recommended,435150,34754317,Posted: 5 September,all,Jester,"I have heard that it takes up to 60 hours to beat the game... Well I have put 80 in the first chapter (~25% of the game), so yeah, game is exceptionally good, borderline perfect."
,Recommended,435150,34883027,Posted: 11 September,all,jimbobslimbob,"It's a turn-based isometric RPG which attempts to do what Sword Coast Legends never did: make a computer game that captured the essence of PnP, complete with campaign editor (not tried yet, since this is an EA review), GM mode and true RPG-freedom-of-choice. It is very similar to RPG's of old, like Neverwinter Nights, Baldurs Gate etc.I have only completed Act 1 so far, since that's all that exists in the early access version, but I am hooked. The game is a joy to play. Difficult at times, yet rewarding too. It offers true freedom of choice in the way you play and create your character. It features a classless character system so you are free to do whatever you want with your character. It also features various ""origin"" characters which are kind of pre-generated characters with fleshed out backgrounds (the kind of thing you do yourself in a D&D campaign). You can choose to play one of those or alternatively make up your own and recruit them in game.There are many ways to solve the quests in game, offering a lot of replay value. Race, ""tags"" (such as Outlaw etc.) all make NPC's treat you differently and offer various other ways to do things. The co-op gameplay (up to 4 players) has also been specifically designed with this in mind, meaning your party may not always see eye-to-eye on things. This creates the potential for some interesting RP scenarios.Although the version I played does not yet feature a GM mode or level editor, this looks to be the icing on the cake and could significantly increase play-time. They will also offer Steam Workshop support for ""click-and-play"" modding.Now all they need to do is offer the ability to import/export characters...SummaryOverwhelming to begin with, but once you get to grips with the game mechanics you realise just how well crafted this game is. Gorgeous graphics, wonderful sound and music, solid turn-based tactical combat and endless replay value.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,435150,35404458,Posted: 1 October,all,Khelz,Incredible in every way.
,Recommended,435150,35041364,Posted: 18 September,all,Wiike,Who needs Eternity when you can have Divinity?
,Recommended,435150,25520244,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Jackal'D,"Glad I opted in for early access. The game might seem pricey for an early access title, but it was definitely worth the investment.Pros: Beautiful, do what you want, story-rich, character customization, audio.Cons: Camera angles, some obvious missing content (Expected)"
76561198085785577,Not Recommended,435150,35221447,Posted: 26 September,all,Seresu,"Although I've been having a decent amount of fun with this game, I can't recommend it based on it still being incomplete. There's still far too many bugs in the quest system.In most games, completing an objective that is part of a quest you have not unlocked yet is not an issue. Once you accept the quest, it recognizes your current progress and incorporates it. In DoS 2, doing this is likely to permanantly break the relevant quests. What's more, these broken quests will auto-complete at the end of the current act with negative completion entries. It's entirely possible to save someone, only to complete an act and have your journal claim you abandoned them to their fate.There are minor mechanical issues still existing as well. Barrels exploding fluids onto surfaces two floors above them, enemies healing from elements with 50% resistance, quests that require teleportation not accounting for retribution damage, an infinite ashen idol of rebirth bug that leaves your character permanantly unable to leave combat..To top it off, the only bug Larian has recognized so far is an infinite damage loop. Despite sending in several reports that would ""be replied to within one business day"" I've now gone a week without a single piece of acknowledgement of the slew of quest related issues I'm experiencing.TL;DR wait for them to fully finish the quest system, at least. So much outside the main line is in near shambles right now. The game is still fun, but you'll be constantly frustrated by impossible quests and a tarnished log."
,Recommended,435150,25645385,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cute,Wow it has been a year already since I played divinity original sin enhanced edition and two years since divinity original sin was first released. Since this is early access there are a lot of missing sounds and also the narration doesn't seem to be complete yet. I have my hopes way up for this game as I really LOVED divinity original sin. Haven't really played much of this one aside from the beginning area and all I can say is it looks better than the first game and there are some nice changes as well. I like how fortify is similar to stoneskin from old RPG games like neverwinter nights. Only personal grip I have are the elves. They remind me of the Na'Vi from avatar. Wish they went with a more traditional elven look but that is just my personal opinion.
,Recommended,435150,25646843,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,literally trench,"Really great so far! They have removed a lot of the fluff from the first game that weren't bad but at times just felt unecessary; made it more straightforward without sacrificing depth. If you liked the first game, chances are you will love this one. Only the first act is available but it's already looking very promising. The game improves on the first game on just about every level, and the new origin-specific dialogs and options make replayability and variety high."
,Recommended,435150,33017282,Posted: 29 June,all,Volutek,"If you liked Divinity Original Sin 1, then you will love 2.  More of the same that made the first one so great plus a bunch of new things."
,Recommended,435150,35098414,Posted: 20 September,all,Yegwen,Played all night with my wife yesterday. She lost all her clothes playing cards. We set up an ambush on the croneys that did it and retrieved her wardrobe. Genius. 10/10
76561198035391503,Recommended,435150,34991639,Posted: 16 September,all,lagrie,"Divinity: Original Sin 2If you loved the first game, are into Crpg's or like Xcom style combat. Then this is a MUST.Sequel to Divinity : Original Sin and newest entry into the divinity franchise.And oh boy, is it good. The game is for starters is a huge improvement to the first game.But thats not the only thing, DoS 2 competes with baldurs gate for beeing one of the (if not THE) best Crpg i have played.Do i dare say, that annyone can play.DoS 2 captures everything what a RPG must be, the pen and paper feel in this game is outstanding.The TBS battles are so well implemented.No hand holding, no second tries. Just how i freakin love it.The PvP and DM mode are the cherry on the cake.They give you so much more options to play this master piece of a game.It runs perfect, constant 60 fps.Everything feels flued.The amount of dialouge options makes my mouth water. reading the amazing parts of lore and dialouge.The voice acting is TOP notch, the narator is a perfect addition.I can't find annything bad about this. I have craved for a amazing crpg for years.Don't get me wrong, i love tyranny, Pillars of Eternity, Wasteland, Shadowrun, torment, etc.and i stil play the infinity engine games.  But by the gods, this game just blew them out of the water.From soundtrack to gameplay, this game is a masterpiece.And in my opinion stands tall allongside the great Crpg's of old.I will become a god, divinity original sin 2 just became my all time RPG to play.Thank you Larian studio's. (and if you ever read this, i hope i will see your team again at facts someday).Sorry for the bad english, and enjoy this beauty.---------------------------------------finnished the game. Just became my altime favorite rpg. It has pushed Baldurs gate 2 from the top spot. Outstanding job larian.10/10."
,Recommended,435150,34890570,Posted: 11 September,all,AstroBoltos ✦,"One of the most immersive RPG's I have ever played, although it's only a part of Act I the world in Divinity feels ro rich in life and lore. Playing classic mode is just about right in terms of difficulty the turn based combat makes it super complex, it's both easy to understand but  hard to master. Combat is super tactical you will find yourself struggling to keep your party at bay fighting hordes of enemies. The enemy A.I. feels natural as if you where actually facing a big threat in the dungeons, but it balances out with how good you level up and build your party. There's a bunch of stuff you can do while in combat such as positioning and combining different elements to your advantage but it's still very fun and doesnt feel repetitive. The crafting gets a little confusing, dont know if it's because I haven't found many recipes but through combining you pretty much go blindly into it and expect to get soom goodies such as consumables and learn the recipe.The decision making in this game is pretty much a big deal, since it signifcantly affects the people you interact with and the outcome of any conversation related to your actions or thoughts. For an early access game its 10 times better than any mediocre regurgitated unpolished garbage on steam.The Core gameplay will be fighting and looting corpses to get stronger, but you will find yourself with a lot of quests from various NPC'S and sub-story lines. Although I felt a little insecure with how quests didnt show any markers on the map or minimap it is very immersive that while chatting with NPC'S they can pin point a location of interest in the quest if the person you're talking to actually knows about it, instead of just telling you to do something and you as a player just feel like you are going through rails while discovering quests.The amount of time I spent reading and nitpicking through my journal and conversations was just about right, not too confusing but not too easy, the game really does a great job at treating you as a competent player. While its easy to get lost on objectives and questlines you can always go back to the conversations you've had with your journal. The Soundtrack is Amazing you wont even feel it bothering you when jogging or fighting through the maps various and diverse locations.Overall I said everything I had to although, I had encountered various bugs but nothing a good checkpoint cant fix and I cannot wait for the full realease. A very good experience for a fan of the genre. I think most people should have a fun time, but its far better when playing with your friends and having a blast. Interactivity with the world and the attention to detail that Larian studios has made is superb, trully a nice gem to be found. I strongly recommend you get this game if you are into gaming in general."
76561198025966483,Recommended,435150,35107481,Posted: 21 September,all,stubbyshade,"This game is stunning, I'll get right into it:+ The writing is incredible, it can be hilarious, touching, epic and damn heartbreaking at times. Great writing can make you care about a world and it's characters within hours and this does exactly that. I'm hooked on Rivellon, and I'm only half way through Act 2! I can't wait to see the rest of this world. P.S you NEED to take the Petpal talent, it allows you talk to animals and offers many hilarious encounters.+ The graphics are great, the best I've seen in a top down cRPG.+ The atmosphere is truly stunning. You really feel a sense of awe when you stumble upon an ancient tomb, or a sense of dread when you enter the creepy necromancer's creepy basement. The art design and soundtrack nail the atmosphere time and time again.+ The combat! The combat is my wet dream, I'm a huge fan of Xcom and love turn based combat, but I've seen it done wrong too many times. Divinity absolutely gets it right. The sheer variety of ways to kill your enemies means I'll be playing this game far past the first play through.+ The difficulty. I wasn't aware beforehand that the Divinity series is known for it's difficulty (much like Xcom and Dark Souls) so I was surprised to find out how damn hard it is. But that's a good thing. It's incredibly satisfying to win a fight that when it starts you're thinking, how the hell am i going to get out of this one.+ The main story. This fits in with the writing category but I think it should have it's own section. As I said I've not yet finished Act 2 but so far I'm completely hooked.The story does a great job of gradually making you feel more and more badass. It's the familiar trope of starting out as nothing and gradually getting more and more powerful but it does it so well. I don't want to say too much because spoilers. Just trust me, it's friekin' dope.These are the things that stand out to me personally but there's much more to love. I've never written a review before but felt I needed to express my appreciation of this great game. I could go into more detail but I kinda wanna get back to playing."
,Recommended,435150,34967059,Posted: 15 September,all,marxcie,"Only 10 hours in the game, because I have to work today, but I have to admit I was thinking in the morning I should call sick. I could write many words like amazing, awesome, funny, challenging, interesting and so on, but let's keep it this way: I can't wait to continue eating dead people's meat with my sexy assassin, and to figure out what's going on with the stoned cat."
,Recommended,435150,35210197,Posted: 25 September,all,Norx,"Pretty great game, last chapter kinda ruins the feel of the overall game. Still a solid 9/10"
76561198041885023,Recommended,435150,35118863,Posted: 21 September,all,Professor Genki,Divinity Original Sin was amazing and it's sequel is even better.
,Recommended,435150,35053780,Posted: 18 September,all,Monkk,"Favourite game of 2017 so far. Amazing fights, dialogues, slips on ice. It's got it all and in so much detail.Also, LOOT! <3"
76561198033338845,Recommended,435150,34873436,Posted: 10 September,all,Oenly <3,Highly addictive. I want MORE!
76561198030912584,Recommended,435150,34949295,Posted: 14 September,all,Trnkator,Everything was already said about this game. Go and buy it. Lots of great moments await you:)
,Recommended,435150,35224211,Posted: 26 September,all,Maejlene,this. is. FUN.
76561198106276101,Recommended,435150,35159371,Posted: 23 September,all,Uiagneach,A truly fantastic experience! One of the best RPG's in a long time.
,Recommended,435150,35160158,Posted: 23 September,all,Barney,10/10
,Recommended,435150,34861449,Posted: 10 September,all,Stimwalt | YouTube,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 Highlights:-10/10- Best Classic RPG on the Market, sorry Pillars of Eternity.  Although PoE is a formidable competitor in the CRPG industry, it still falls short of Larian's inspired craft.-Truly immersive and imaginative, you will lose yourself in this world for weeks/months/maybe years.  The dialogue in this game is so well written, I feel like I'm reading a novel with each interaction, in a good way.-Open world exploration and discoveryis highly rewarding and equally challenging, as undiscovered secrets and side quests seem endless, and dangerous.  You happen upon a dirt pile, ask your companion for a shovel, dig it up to find a deep hole leading to something. You enter said deep hole to find a lair of angry and hungry spiders.  You defeat the spider menace to find a man's corpse, and a bloody journal, which leads you on a daring adventure.  Meanwhile, you were already on a daring adventure before you started down this path!-Customization is extremely advanced, where each and every aspect of your characters' reputation, skills, abilities, and even speech are at your fingertips.  You can easily spend hours in character creation, days in tweaking your playstyles, and weeks/month doing it all over again on separate playthroughs.-Impressive cooperative Multiplayerthat brings an excellent experience to the game.  This is a heavily under-utilized aspect of the game, but if you have friends who enjoy turn-based RPGs, there is nothing quite like working as a team and experiencing the magic together.  It is very remincient to table-top roleplaying, except in a kickass game.-Amazingly high replayabilitywith options for unique interactions that inspire a renewed sense of purpose.  Even though I only have early access, I have played the game through three times already, and that was just the first Act of the game!-Obsessive attention to detail with a mastery of storytelling, Larian poured their souls into this title, it's alive!  I rarely say that I love a game.  I love this game.This isn't a game, this is a masterpiece of design, and I'm very happy Larian has given this wonderful experience to the world. Will you join us?  Do it!~Lord Stimwalt"
,Recommended,435150,34883059,Posted: 11 September,all,Bucky,"Easily my favourite game of 2017.Everything about this game is jaw-dropping. The design, the classes, the story, the gameplay etc etc.You can interact with everything, talk to everyone, kill anything.How yo build your character will shape how the world reacts to you. Every NPC dialouge is different depending on who and what you are. Theres so many ways to get things done, so many options and routes to explore.Truly a game ahead of its time, absolutely stellar. 10/10"
76561198093978627,Recommended,435150,34774499,Posted: 6 September,all,itwillbefuntheysaid,"Best RPG I've played since Witcher 3. D&D style, literally stunning animations and amazing replay vaule with class and skill combinations."
,Recommended,435150,35113873,Posted: 21 September,all,Opie,"It's a coop party based RPG.  I don't understand why more studios don't understand how important coop is for so many of us.This is a fantastic game to play alone, or with friends.  The transition between is seemless, and it's remarkably easy for your friends to drop in and drop out.I'm only about 1/3 of the way through, but it's amazing already.  I can't possibly recommend this enough."
76561198013172124,Recommended,435150,34961086,Posted: 14 September,all,Goodkat,"Hard to find words to describe this game.. It's so damn good.. Can be a little tough first, but true rpg isn't ment to be easy! And when you get a hang of it.. wow.. Also undeniably the best co-op i've ever played.10+/10, Must buy!"
,Recommended,435150,35158863,Posted: 23 September,all,Darrklord,Im not gonna go indepth casue I never write reviews but this game is amazing. Anyone who enjoyed old school tactics based rpgs will love it.Playing co-op with friends is the way to go. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,35134026,Posted: 22 September,all,Noise,This game scratches that Baldurs Gate 2-itch in the best possible manner.This is nothing short of the best crpg in the last 10 years.
76561197981568397,Recommended,435150,35217125,Posted: 26 September,all,4texas the zombiemutt,get it
76561197970667542,Recommended,435150,34987028,Posted: 15 September,all,Little Bear,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198271811180,Recommended,435150,35087875,Posted: 20 September,all,imightcatchsth,GOTY for sureWe need Chinese localization plz
76561197985223631,Recommended,435150,30285522,Posted: 2 March,all,Soikkeli,"It took us (2 players) 29 hours (steam game time) to actually finish the early access content. The early parts where rough and we got stuck at lvl 2 for a long time. Eventually we made it through with cunning tactics like exploiting the game as much as we could. There are still some early access related bugs and unfinished features in there, but the game, even in it's current state, is very enjoyable.  As a suggestion the teleportation stones from OS EE would be nice, or something else that would allow you to group up fast when 1 player finds something interesting. At the moment walking through oil and fire to reach the other player takes a long time if you happen to be on different sides of the island."
,Recommended,435150,34960943,Posted: 14 September,all,Zios,Improves on Original Sin in every way possible. This is absolutely the best game in my library.
,Recommended,435150,34957316,Posted: 14 September,all,Sketti Psychadelia,"So far, definitely worth a buy. Going to update this the further I'm in.So far, Through the prologue with about 3 different characters, 2 of which were Early Access.The Voice acting is great, and the UI improvements with full release did not go unnoticed.Very enthralling RPG."
,Recommended,435150,31972598,Posted: 26 May,all,Arch Demon,I never really liked Divinity Origin sin 1. tried playing that game like 5-6 times but it feelt very meeh.when I started palying this game it felt much more intresting. and I think I have played throught the act 1 10 times or so since I just had to try all the classes and se what happend if I killed everyone or helped everyone. and findign the secrets.so my point here is even thought you did not like the first divinity you might love this since I sure as hell love this game
76561198318608411,Recommended,435150,25745571,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dtothemc,"Just read the article on PC Gamer interviewing Sven. So far I think the game is great. In response to that article I love having almost nothing at the beginning and having to scavenge. The loot system is really rewarding right now and I feel every piece of armour or weapon i find is making a difference in fights on Classic mode. Magic and Phsyical armour is great too, it's satisfying to break through armour and seeing the health bar drop like in bayonetta.Only thing I wish which I loved in Pillars of Eternity was the ability to click on the map and have the camera go directly to that spot. Would save a lot of pointless time in moving the map trying to figure out where it is I want to go. Other than that this game pulled me right in."
76561198148966981,Recommended,435150,35142556,Posted: 22 September,all,hikiyume,"Where has my life gone for the past few days? ....oh, right, i never had one. Make sure to play with friends who also don't have lives so you never have to stop playing, because you won't want to stop!"
76561198032583154,Recommended,435150,34952402,Posted: 14 September,all,Onizuka Eikichi,"Seems great so far, potentially even better than the first one!New races, new schools of magic, sourcery, graphics and much more - everything seems more extensive and shinier than ever!"
76561197962287867,Recommended,435150,26294931,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,elrosx,"If you liked Divinity: Original Sin, you will also like 2!  When even more open ending quest options, and ability to use your own creativity to solve problems, Div Org Sin 2 brings a new flavor and new combat system to enjoy.Highly Recommended !-Lord Of Rivellon"
,Recommended,435150,34963437,Posted: 14 September,all,Katy Perry,Absolutely godly.I couldn't be happier with this sequel.If you liked DOS then you'll be in heaven with this game.10/10.
76561198067330202,Recommended,435150,34962691,Posted: 14 September,all,InsaneSeishiro,"There are many game developers that make hundreds of promises and only fullfill a dozend of them. Larian Studios promises hundreds of things and delivers thousands!If you liked the first Divinity original Sin, the second is better in every respect, better graphics, better combat system, more options and so on and so forth!"
,Recommended,435150,34944070,Posted: 14 September,all,Governor of Kekistan,More fun than 2 chicks at the same time.
76561198030877062,Recommended,435150,34737608,Posted: 4 September,all,Tylorre,"I've never written a review before, but credit must be given where credit is due. Racked up countless hours in early access and im pretty sure i've not even done everything. GOTY you say? its got my vote."
,Recommended,435150,34562333,Posted: 28 August,all,ArchAngel,I wish every game developer was as passionate about their game as Larian Studios. Simply amazing in every aspect.
,Recommended,435150,28804323,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Starmist,"This was the best way to ruin my holiday celebrations yet. I was a bit hesitant to throw money at an alpha product, but took a risk and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I cannot wait for the rest of the acts.The story so far is really cool, the synergies between characters, skilltrees and the environment itself are so much fun to play around with, often resulting in me blowing myself up a little bit, but that's what savegames are for.Choices matter, from how you talk to people to how you solve your quests.Clearly in alpha there are a few bugs, but nothing you can't avoid or fix by reloading your most recent savegame, for example."
,Recommended,435150,25995489,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Fe[A]rless Knight,"i'm so impressed this game still in early acces so much awesomeness ! it will blowing your mind ! Great soundtrack , Awesome character design , Beauty art design , Fantastic gameplay , Love in game stuff , Perfect character skill level  and keep element classic RPG ! Any RPG fans should try Divinity: Original Sin 2"
,Recommended,435150,35159823,Posted: 23 September,all,BenWang,I need Pet Pal in real life so I can serve my cat better.10/10
76561198191328663,Recommended,435150,35159452,Posted: 23 September,all,Lightningsparx,I'm typically not a big RPG fan but this game blew me away with how much content and lore it had. Probably one of the best games I've played in years!
76561197972286319,Recommended,435150,35160102,Posted: 23 September,all,bbarnett,"Great game as long as you understand that it is a slow moving, story driven RPG with turn based combat.  They did a great job and I have found this one better than the first."
76561197995844474,Recommended,435150,35234493,Posted: 26 September,all,๖ۣۜJin,"I never really considered myself a tabletop person but this game has made me pull a 180. The game is so fun from the story, to the amazingly versatile character creation. I have payed this game for 20+ hours and am still finding new things. Being that this is my first time playing a game like this I am delightfully suprised at how much fun it has been. 10/10"
76561198081086085,Recommended,435150,35133783,Posted: 22 September,all,CrLord,">NPC asks me to search for her son>Find her son>SON IS DEAD>After a gruelling fight, go back to the NPC and tell her the son is dead>she starts crying>PICKPOCKET ALL HER BELONGINGS WHILE SHE CRIES10/10 gameplay"
,Recommended,435150,34667143,Posted: 1 September,all,Monosis,"DOS2 is a gorgeous isometric game, using tactical turn based combat with a lot of depth, 4-player coop, mod support, full voice acting, Dungeon Master mode (excellent for a proper ""tabletop"" experience) and a world rich in lore to boot. Not only that, but devs that love their product, respect their playerbase and frequently read the forums. I played around 40 hours (on GOG) of Early Access and it was only an incomplete Act 1 (the full game will have 3 acts), so I am expecting around 80-100 hours of gameplay, not counting coop, reruns, different difficulty settings etc -- worth the money if you ask me.Yet, the biggest reason I am recommending this game is that this is a proper roleplaying experience. This game feels like you sit on a table with some friends, some coffee/soda and pizza, D&D rulebooks and get transported to a world of your own making. The last game that made me willing to experience everything was Fallout NV, but I didn't care that much about the Courier's personality: I cared about exploring the world itself. In this game I genuinely feel compelled to roleplay different classes/races.TL;DR? I recommend this to anyone that is a fan of fantasy RPGs. If you are also a fan of turn-based combat, this is a no-brainer."
76561198032533119,Recommended,435150,34763973,Posted: 5 September,all,Dradul,"Don't listen to the people giving negative reviews based on their limited understanding of the game mechanics and frustration at not being able to progress -- this game will suck you in and entertain you for hours if you let loose and accept the fluid nature of it all and just let yourself explore the beautiful world.Make no mistake, the game will never hold your hand and tell you everything will be alright. But at the same time, the developers knew people would push the bounds of idiocy, so there are myriad ways to progress in the story and to get from point A to point B, even if you happened to accidentally get in a fight with that guy who seemed really important and he's dead on the ground.A few things have been broken or unenjoyable throughout the alpha, but the developers have been very receptive to constructive feedback from the community and most gripes that I've personally had have been addressed and it truly seems that the developers only want to put forward the best game that they can.  It is refreshing to see the level of dedication and excitement for their work come through in the game and I personally cannot wait for release day."
,Recommended,435150,34910403,Posted: 12 September,all,Spoodz,"""Please describe what you like about this game""♥♥♥♥ing everything."
76561198053611211,Recommended,435150,35207328,Posted: 25 September,all,SPQRValkyrie,During one of the hardest early games fights I cast the wrong spell on the wrong person and it helped me win the fight. 10/10 would command like a potato version of Hannibal again.
,Recommended,435150,35141784,Posted: 22 September,all,fluffydelusions,"Easily one of the best RPG's of recent years. Just finished my 1st playthrough today after putting in ~80 or so hours (classic mode difficulty). To anyone having trouble early on, my advice is to perhaps try a different party composition."
,Recommended,435150,35182772,Posted: 24 September,all,Rymere,"Really fun cooking simulator, would recommend to any upcoming culinary connoisseurs.My favourite recipe is herbs and water to make tea, though mixing garlic and bread doesn't make garlic bread, very dissapointed."
76561198123387512,Recommended,435150,34961012,Posted: 14 September,all,Technonium,"Dear God, I actually managed to get this REALLY early, waaay back in the first betas. At first, I thought the developers were biting more than they could chew... so many possibilities... I actually did not have my hopes up around that time.Well, with each following update, hope was gained.Now, I only played like a few minutes of this game, and I was... well... really impressed. I did not expect THIS much amount of effort in an RPG game ( nowadays they tend to be a little more simplistic when it comes to western RPGs ).Wow, I'm really honoured to have seen D:OS2  evolve to what it has become.This is art. I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,435150,34957004,Posted: 14 September,all,switchplaguE,"My first time ever playing a turn-based RPG and all I could say that this game is amazing and well polished. If you're looking for something that is fun both in single player mode and up to 4 player coop with friends, this is what you're looking for. Visually beautiful, refined after a full year of alpha and a very unique gamemode that is unparellel with many games released to date. Try it out. You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,435150,34972502,Posted: 15 September,all,Brodo™,Where should i start ?...10/10 Game of the Year 4 sure !...End
,Recommended,435150,29136951,Posted: 9 January,all,Lestibournes,"Update 2: The game released 5 days ago, And since then, I've put 75 hours in, and I'm still not finished with the main campaign.The game, upon release looks and feels incredible, and yes - there are a few bugs, but with how immense this game is, it's really nothing I wasn't expecting.ALL of my previous ""Cons"" have been resolved as of release. There is legitimately nothing bad I can say about this game, it is one of the best games I've ever played, It's equal to (and sometimes greater than) Witcher 3 in almost every respect.This game is one we will be talking about for years to come, it's an instant classic, and if have even the slightest enjoyment in tactical combat and deep RPG gameplay, this game is for you.That's all i'm going to write for now, I have more of Rivellon to explore!Update 1: It took me approximately 30 hours to finish the entirety of the first act (Note: I left some side-quests unfinished, and this involved few deaths.)My pros and cons remain unchanged, but i would like to throw out some more things i noticed.This game has more challenging combat that D:OS EE, I found that even on the ""Classic"" difficulty, the combat encounters were on-par with (If not slightly easier) than playing on tactician mode of D:OS EE.If you thought D:OS was too easy, this game improves on that quite a bit.This game also has more decisions for your character to make, and even this early in EA you can see where they intend to take things.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------22 Hours in, still not finished with the first act, this game was worth the purchase even during Early Access.Pros:* Polished Feel* VERY descriptive dialogue* Challenging Encounters* Entertaining Spells* Divinity GameCons:* Beginning is quite difficult, as the game doesn't explain where you should go. But this was present in D:OS Classic as well.* Leveling up doesn't feel as fun anymore, since you only get one ""Talent"" every 4 levels (This includes talents for Sneak, etc.)* Party dialogue system is unfinished (Early Access)On the whole, This game managed to pull me in just like D:OS Classic, and i look forward to many more hours in rivellon."
,Recommended,435150,34972288,Posted: 15 September,all,GreenT2000,Buy it already!
,Recommended,435150,35355987,Posted: 30 September,all,Tomwise,A suit of armour stuck to a wall compared children to potatoes.12/10
76561198282811350,Recommended,435150,34499471,Posted: 26 August,all,Whoddunnit,Nothing short of a masterpiece.Do yourself a favor and play this.
76561198028289001,Recommended,435150,34972505,Posted: 15 September,all,张太碧,"A masterpiece no doubt and I would seriously name it game of the year if I may.Been eagerly waiting for this game for months and it doesn’t fail me in a single point. Almost perfect in every aspect and way better than its already amazing prequel (except that I feel I prefer the voice and atmosphere of the female narrator in DOS:EE than that of this male narrator.)Special reference must be made to the music for it is so astoundingly composed that I feel I can just sit there listening to the main theme for hours. Last time a game’s BGM would give me such immersion and pleasure should be playing Skyrim.Larian Studios now officially tops my favorite developer list and this honor should only be shared by CD Projekt Red. These two great studios earn their greatness not only because they make great games, but because the enthusiasm and true love they showed to their works: they try wholeheartedly to polish and perfect their games in every possible way and they always take the players seriously.I sincerely hope DOS2 will be a great success and cement Larian Studios’ ascension to an AAA studio (if it is not already in that list). For this reason I feel real sad for some recklessly given negative ratings: it’s a shame not to show your respect and kindness to such a devoted developer that does not care only about profit maximization as many others do.Edit: this game is indeed giving me the satisfaction only Baldur's Gate 2 has ever given me."
76561198108153190,Recommended,435150,34887600,Posted: 11 September,all,The Real McCoy,The full game can't come soon enough.
,Recommended,435150,34957392,Posted: 14 September,all,ktl_q,"i really wish all the best to such developers.the game is one of the goty pretenders, highly recomended for any crpg fan."
,Recommended,435150,34839104,Posted: 9 September,all,JustADecoy,"Spend 10 hours exploring the game trying different ""classes"" only to find out that you can become anything despite the class you choose you can choose a wizard and become a rogue combat is very fun animations are great alot of secrets you can discover and alot of character interaction i got this game yesterday and already have 13 hours in cant wait for full release to restart again 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34867020,Posted: 10 September,all,Finsolacestrudempance,"The worst part of this game is that it makes D:OS 1 look mediocre in comparison, and this is coming from someone who loves D:OS 1."
76561198077168139,Recommended,435150,34957355,Posted: 14 September,all,KingIsBack,Maybe best RPG ever
,Not Recommended,435150,35253031,Posted: 27 September,all,Broseidon,"I honestly cannot believe that I'm writing a negative review, yet here I am. The first two acts are incredible, beautifully polished and complete. The third act starts to get a bit weak, having a tendency towards very specific paths to continue, unlike the previous acts which give immense freedom in how you play and your choices mattering. The fourth act is nothing short of a trainwreck, critical pieces of information being easily missed (a book lying on a table in a completely optional area) and in one case, spoiling parts of the plot itself by giving me incorrect journal entries.Ultimately, if you can put aside the huge drop in quality as the game progresses, it nets to be a fantastic game, unfortunately, I'm not one of those people. The later acts were nothing but pure frustration for me, and by the time I had finally finished, I had forgotten about the fun that I actually did have in the previous acts.In short, since there isn't a mixed option, I have to recommend against it, but if you can get over the quality drop, it's well worth the price, otherwise wait until a sale."
,Recommended,435150,34784351,Posted: 6 September,all,sbriozzo1989,"Loving it, so far it is even better that DOS1 and that is saying somethin"
76561198361373962,Recommended,435150,34952426,Posted: 14 September,all,Tywin,"A charming, attartive, classical RPG game. Nice setting of each character and the story. I personal sugget Chinese is available for subtitles."
76561198110747386,Recommended,435150,25593456,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Spaghetticat1,"Great game, haven't played much but already beyond my expectations. And it's still in alpha phase :oPros:-beautiful soundtrack-nice graphics-good story-switch between main quest and side questscons:-still missing small things (voices)-camera angleplay this game if you like strategy turn-based rpg games :)"
,Recommended,435150,25587430,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Yu,"The game is good, but I really hope that current lines in dialogs just placeholders and Larian will improve on feature, because immersion breaks with that narration style."
76561198021887203,Recommended,435150,35133972,Posted: 22 September,all,Alistan,Legendary! (^_^)
76561198056861906,Recommended,435150,25828594,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Deviruchi,"Divinity is extremely fun! I spent countlessly hours with friends on the 1st Divinity. In the 2nd, Larian Studios improved a lot of what the community suggested.Thanks!"
,Recommended,435150,35059727,Posted: 19 September,all,Bingus Dingus,"Hell yeah. This game rules. The first one was already great, but this one is somehow even greater."
,Recommended,435150,34952429,Posted: 14 September,all,"blackhairedbeauty, k?","Are you wondering to buy this game?Don't. Just get it and you'll sink right into it.Played since Early Access this game is ""the"" quality us gamers want and expect."
76561198052318403,Recommended,435150,34958547,Posted: 14 September,all,Lector-priest,Just a quick positive review in an attempt to outweight all these negative ones from whiny russian squeakers
76561198144576182,Recommended,435150,34973545,Posted: 15 September,all,D-Jak,10/10
,Recommended,435150,25642631,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Xandam,"So I just finished the available content (which is the first act/zone) and I thought I'd share what I thought. Divinity: Original Sin 2 plays pretty much like the first game, it has flashier graphics, smoother animations (if a bit exaggerated, I mean people sometimes perform frontflips to get up the last step of a ladder)  because of this it's pretty good in my books. If you liked the first one you'll like this one, however, it being in early access shows. While it never outright crashed on my pc, nor did it have any graphical issues other than some issues with cloth physics there were a few instances where I had to reload my game. One such example was when I was fighting a group of magisters to aid a snooping paladin who was going to expose their horrible torture fetish for sourcerers and there was an oil barrel that exploded, now I thought ""eh no biggie, I'll cast rain"" but after casting a rain spell my spellcaster couldn't perform any interactions with anything else, no spells, attacking, no skipping turn, so I had to reload, this happened consistantly 2 more times until I decided that there is probably something broken with the rain spell. Other than that, quite polished for early access, I'm looking forward to the full release in December."
76561198036822765,Recommended,435150,32486911,Posted: 16 June,all,catacrome,Loving the progress and can't wait for the full release.It's amazing to see a good stategy game coming in this time of games falling flat right out of the gate.
76561198245946260,Recommended,435150,34783928,Posted: 6 September,all,PfuncTyrant,"The first act was amazing, i think i did just about everything there was to do.. i hear there will be a wipe upon release, looking forward to doing it all again!"
,Recommended,435150,34849507,Posted: 9 September,all,MrButtrie,Great game don't get me wrong.Just as of right now on Steam it has the tags Local Co-op/Shared/Split Screen and also full controller support while not yet providing these these features which may be a bit misleading for some.This is as of patch v3.0.77.309If I am incorrect please feel free to correct me on my mistake and again don't get me wrong this is a great experience and finds ways to be better than the first which was an amazing game while only having 1 act. Worth the buy and game time.
,Recommended,435150,34942785,Posted: 13 September,all,Anime Nightmares,This is a good game.
,Recommended,435150,34944106,Posted: 14 September,all,BlackDadsScatter,Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198110502186,Recommended,435150,25581568,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Spanza,gr8
,Recommended,435150,35064048,Posted: 19 September,all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,"Warning! , this game will drag you in and spit you out a day later, still not sure if I just learned time travel.I havent been able to keep my hands of it =PThis is hands down the best rpg Ive played, one has to like turned based games ofc!Considering the game still has some minor bugs, its only getting better!These bugs do not stop me from fully enjoying this amazing game.Story is rich and well voiced over, combat is fun and Imo pretty challenging.There  are alot of secrets  to be found, walking in town talking to every single one does reward!Its like a interactive movie, totally worth the money.other companies can learn from this ( asking 60 bucks by default lol)currently ive got 65 hours into it and the end is FAR from near, and can't wait to do another playthrough & co-op with friends.This game willEasly get me going for  300+ hours.9.5/10"
76561198010470098,Recommended,435150,35017477,Posted: 17 September,all,St.Ranger,Best RPG of 2017!
,Recommended,435150,25704496,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Poland,Quite possibly the best RPG I have ever played. I'm enjoying it so much with my friends. This game is worth every cent.
,Recommended,435150,25602243,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,HydraBoy,"Super good game even in Alpha! Can't wait to play the finished version! HYPE!!It's very challenging and well written.+cons+D&D combat with turns that is very well done, many combinations of different effects+Trade with almost all NPCs.+Freedom of what to do, Can kill everyone if you want.+No hour after hour of grinding to progress+Very challenging+Many different classes.+up to 3 followers+online play with up to 4 players/Server.but expect many minor bugs and a bit stupid AI system now in alpha.-bugs-many minor bugs like pheonix dive doesn't make a ring of fire on inpact(sometimes). some visual bug with clothing or character when climbing. The rush forward and knock down ability can be a abused on a spot to go down a wall. some NPC hit that says Critt but no damage dealt, a visual bug with helment sometimes makes you go bald(when you click the check mark to remove the helm visualy.) and more.-a bit stupid AI in battle-Not yet implemented quest markers on map, or a bug.(so it's plausible to have no idea where you are supposed to go.-A bit lacking character customization and not yet able to change starting spells."
,Recommended,435150,34912049,Posted: 12 September,all,Meangreenbeans,Bruh. You like Dragon age origins? Mass Effect? play video games for the awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stories and how make a story your own? If you haven't played this you haven't seen sht yet.
,Recommended,435150,34963206,Posted: 14 September,all,JackFog,Thanks Larian Studios for this game :)
76561198047655618,Recommended,435150,35092803,Posted: 20 September,all,ruddock,"This is the best gosh darn game i have seen in a long♥♥♥♥♥timeso im on this boat right, and these mohterhubbards put a collar on me that oppresses me by no longer making me a danger to humanity.after i wake up on said boat i decide to go check things out and steal from people's pockets and i find out there has been a murder.i sneak up in the crime scene and take the victims foot that i then eat in order to figure out who the killer is. it also teaches me how to pump adrenaline so thats something.i then pretend to be some girls spouse meet an undead dude that dresses like an elf and i talk to ratsall this in the first few minutes1. challenging game even on normal ☑2. first game to do origins to characters right since dragon age origins ☑3. can talk to dogs and at one time atleast, turn it against its master4. but now you can also speak to ghosts ☑5. boning skeletons ☑6. cant return to start zone for basicly no good reason ☒7. cutting of faces and wearing them as your own to assume their identities ☑This is like they took the dream that was the first original sin and made it better in all the areas that it was failing. 9,5/10"
,Recommended,435150,35134360,Posted: 22 September,all,Anoose,"This game is the type of game I would never in my entire life have played. But I heard how amazing the company was and how great this game was. So I pirated it to try it out because there was no demo I could find, and I fell in love. I never play games like these but this one is the only exception, it's a truly amazing game everyone should play atleast once."
,Recommended,435150,35206166,Posted: 25 September,all,RetroGaming_Daddy,One of the best RPG games wich i played in my life. This game will show how games must be in our days to some big companies of video gaming industry. i dindt played 1 part so i will talk only about this part of gameLets talk about advantages of this game- Good soundtrack-Nice graphics-Good story talling and a lot of cool quests and some of them a really funny-A lot of nice builds for characters-A lot of ways i finishing quest and gameWhat about disadvantages-Bugs in some quests-And some fps drops and freezes in ArksStrongly recomend this game to all RPG  lovers and just to people who love good games with good story telling
76561197998870792,Recommended,435150,35107482,Posted: 21 September,all,smilie,"Its pretty simple: this game is perfect.If you liked the first one, buy this.If you never played the first one, buy this and the first one."
76561198047426651,Recommended,435150,35071410,Posted: 19 September,all,SCOLERI,"Honest and short pros and cons (19th of September 2017 and without any additional mods):PROS:- Very deep and strategical combat (imagine XCOM + Tactics Ogre + more strategy)- Free exploration of a beautiful world- Free character customization (you can choose between some of already premade classes or make one of your own)- The world interacts with you differently depending on how you made your character, which offers interesting replayability- Up to 4 player multiplayer, offering a lot of fun for you and your friends- Beautiful music- Interesting characters and main cast :)-*90% of loot in containers (corpses, chests, drawers, etc.) are randomised each time you load a save file if the container hasn't been inspected, except for fixed loot (key items and other certain equipment)*Note: I put this as a pro as nothing is ever the same. It offers people who are hardcore at rerolling items a chance to get better loot.CONS:- A couple of bugs are still left (hopefully it will get patched and fixed soon ^^)- Sometimes the AI can be a bit derp, and at other times it can be uber smart xD Thus, I recommend your first playthrough to be on classic difficulty max, if not explorer :)- Not for people who dislike tactical combat or classic RPGs (you can give it a try, but it doesn't mean you will love it as much as the next person which is totally okay :D)My rating: 97/100Reason: It is a nearly sublime RPG. Only downside? A couple of bugs atm. It can be unfair if you are unprepared or don't know where to go, but that doesn't mean you should give up. Maybe you are missing out on some treasure you didn't find. Maybe you didn't fight some enemies. Maybe you forgot to use a skill in a fight which could have changed everything you did so far.If you love classic RPGs and SRPGs, this is a game for you. If not, maybe it's not something for you. BUT HEY! Doesn't hurt to try right? :)"
76561198003097765,Recommended,435150,26153188,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,JimNero009,"I played the Enhanced Edition of the first Divinity:Original Sin and loved it. I loved it so much, in fact, that I thought it could possibly be a mistake for them to make a sequel. I didn't see a way that they could possibly improve it. Boy, was I wrong. Even in this early state, it's clear that this game is going to be a massive part of my gaming life. The combat is improved, the choices widend and the origin stories are going to add a whole new layer to the story. Played through the early access fully twice now and can't wait for the real thing!"
76561198189254177,Recommended,435150,34856756,Posted: 10 September,all,Buttmunchkin,I never played the 1st but damn this game is amazing. It is what Diablo 3 should have been in my opinion. You can do so many things you can't do in other games my fovorite thing I found out was you can pick ANYTHING UP. I didn't have a lockpick so I picked the chest itself up til I had one and then opened it later. Any NPC can trade with you but some won't take your garbage for their gold which is funny and kinda a nice change. I highly encourage everybody to get the game when it comes out 100% it will be epic and all voice acted. I hope they pick a good narrarator or that system will flop but the level of detail and care in everything I think we don't need to worry.
76561198107207459,Recommended,435150,35156912,Posted: 23 September,all,Nesus Of Jazareth,"Talked to some chickens for a quest, each had their own voice and had more interesting dialogue than NPC in most games.It's a masterpiece."
,Recommended,435150,33152341,Posted: 2 July,all,Zoudz,"The devs. are too awesome! Fixed the saves problem not so long after it's been reported; so dang quick to the rescue just like a hero. I would rate them as ""Legendary Heroes"", like in Wuxia novels because they're so stunningly fast with their feets and have words filled of genuine, and cherish, wisdoms.This game is good, also. What can I say, it's a like an NBA Superstar... *whisper*... in my opinion *wink*."
,Recommended,435150,33027900,Posted: 30 June,all,Phixion,This game is a must have already. It's obvious how much love has been put into it.
,Recommended,435150,35041374,Posted: 18 September,all,Benneboii@twitch,"After 45 hours of in game since release i can easy say that this is the best game I've played in alot of years. Everything from character creation to combat and dialog is amazing. The graphics are some of the best out there aswell and everything you see and everywhere you go you find something new that will make you go ""ooh"". After 1 hour of gameplay you get so immersed that i could start feeling each character personaly and acually considered every singel conversation from my character and what i would do in real life. Amazing game and everyone should try it!"
76561198088836285,Recommended,435150,35059645,Posted: 19 September,all,BeatinHamburgers,"OK so I had a friend recommend me this game because he thought it was amazing soooo I normally think anything he thinks is amazing, but I had to try this game for myself after seeing the trailers and gameplay. I'm about 38 hours in and oh my god im so happy i purchased it. There is so much gameplay, quests, goofs, amazingness, etc.It truely makes me want to do every single quest and I get sad if I miss anything. The companions are great I personally have hydro mage, rouge awesomeness elf, and handsome hunter. I also want to completere their own stories because its just so interesting to experience.The fact that most people hate me cause I'm a lizard is cool because the story rotates on what race you are as well. I might even make a second character just to see the reactions and how playing with different companions play out.ANYWAYS game is worth the 45 dollars I paid and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys roleplay.*spoiler* the game punishes you for wanting to bang anyone that gives you the option to bang :( but yay exp lol"
76561198063182141,Recommended,435150,35075381,Posted: 19 September,all,Dredded_Cyborg,Bruh 10/10
76561198046732059,Recommended,435150,34972211,Posted: 15 September,all,Liam,bloody brilliant
76561197991009710,Recommended,435150,34512894,Posted: 26 August,all,Katalysta,"During early access, I was intensely frustrated with a save game issue that would delay progress in the beta area. I made this known in nothing less than a bit of a ""rant"" in a bug report. Within 24 hours, the devs had retroactively solved my corrupt save with no action on my part. Talk about a great turnaround. I love the game, but this made me like the company."
76561197988705068,Recommended,435150,35193588,Posted: 24 September,all,Sirgonz,Stopped a Hell hound with a red sqeaky ball!    To be honest i didn't play the first one but this one has pulled me in and i am enjoying it greatly   almost down to a dollar and hour spent on fun  and still no where bored yet  would recommend this game if you have patients for a turn bassed game and like a to get into the story!
,Recommended,435150,35214989,Posted: 25 September,all,OutragingCat,"This game has fantastic visuals, music and is probably the closest a game has gotten to D&D that I've played. With so many ways you can approach quests or really just about anything at all in the world. Not to mention the fantastic writting where depending on you chosing an origin story or playing a certain race different NPC's will recognize that so I couldn't imagine the hard work put into that let alone having the game fully voice acted. It's just really awesome overall with the main plot being pretty great as well as pretty much every side quest being interesting as well.This game also has one of the best damn combats systems I've ever played with. Very fun and so many ways to experiment with all of the elements and your abilities. Also the co-op in the game is fantastic with it allow for 4 player co-op this time around compared to the 2 player co-op in the first.Honestly I would have to say this is my favorite game and I really just want to play it again after just about beating it, which is a real rarity for me espically considering it took around 70 hours to beat. And I haven't even tried the arena mode of the Game Master mode which lets a 5th person join to run their own campaign!!I give this game the highest reccomendation I can give with the only real problems I have with it being the framerate can be a problem at times and a few miner bugs that are few and far between."
76561198150594786,Recommended,435150,35214598,Posted: 25 September,all,Monica,"So good i bought it for my friend at full price, and ive been wearing the same pair of shoes for 4 years now."
76561198007949295,Recommended,435150,35004845,Posted: 16 September,all,Fatherdaeth,To everyone that's always whining and bashing people that want co-op in games saying that it would ruin them and that games would suck today if everyone focused on multiplayer/Local co-op games...Good day.
76561198027579306,Recommended,435150,33356646,Posted: 7 July,all,legoman775,"*Review in Early access*This is one of the games that keep your attention for a very long time. Think of Skyrim but a top down strategy/RPG game with the difficulty of games like XCOM. FOR THE FULL EXPERIENCE PLAY ON CLASSIC. I absolutely love this game its hard for me to find anything wrong with it honestly. Other than mabey fleshing out character creater and some of the characters. But other than that i love it so much i can't wait till it releases with the full version im dieing to beat up more magisters with my awesome team.10/10 would play again and buy againps (if the devs read this you've done an amazing job keep up the good work):)*EDIT* (Full Game)After playing through the FULL game i can safely say this game is 1 of my favorite games of all time. Its up there with Skyrim for me. There are bugs and weird things like ""why am i not in range"" stuff like that but this game and the endings were fantastic. Will play this on tactician at some point for sure.PSThe mods that will spawn from this game will only enhance it and make it so much better, The devs did a fantastic job on this game."
76561198037269297,Recommended,435150,35180215,Posted: 24 September,all,Do not talk over me,This game is brilliant you gotta play to understand
,Recommended,435150,35075791,Posted: 19 September,all,Rusty at this,"This game takes the rich story, great turn-based combat and awesome character progression from the previous game and has built/improved it by tenfold.Adding in extra races, characters with origin stories that actually effect the story of the game, having a storyline that makes more sense then the last game and adding in romance options has really created an atmosphere that exeeds the previous game.Adding in more spells (a new school has been added; Polymorph) and adding physical armour and magic armour instead of just health has really expanded on the combat.The only con to this game is the quests and the way that they are explained/the player is directed. This was a problem in the previous game, where if you don't do the quest exactly as the game wants it, you won't complete it. As well as this, the game once again doesn't explain quests adequetly. Quests will have very vague references that leave the player running around entire maps not understanding what the next step is. This was a very big problem for me in the Driftwood area, where there were a lot of quests, but I was given literally nothing to give me a clue as where to go.I'd still give the game a 9/10 regardless, because I liked this game very much, and still continue to play it. There's a lot more content here than the previous game."
76561198017473157,Recommended,435150,35119172,Posted: 21 September,all,Kite,"Very addicting game. There are a lot of freedom in the game, the actions of the player will affect how other npcs act towards the player. Voiced dialogues with decriptive narration as if you are reading a book!The combat is absolutely amazing especially for those of you that love using magic.  Whenever the player use a spell ie. Rain which will cause the area the leave puddles of water. The player can cast various spell on the water affected area for different status effect.  Casting aerotheurge skills on the water will cause electrocutions, casting poison will turn the water into pools of poison then use fire spells on the poison to release explosions!   There are so many ways of playing inside combat.At first classic mode may be difficult for players that haven't got use to the game mechanics. One big tip is breaking enemies respective armor (physical/magic armor)  different enemies have different amount, some with lower physical and some with lower magical. Now then you'll have to carefully choose the right character to unleash damage on the enemy with physical or magical damage. Once the armor is broken you are free to put status effects on them to make them more vulnerable or simply crowd control them. Split your party before going in combat! And make uses of line of sight, make the enemy use ap on moving,This game requires you to plan your strategy ahead, laying a spell and think of what that spell will affect for next few turn.The world is stopping you from using your most powerful magic! But you hunger to unleash your full strength on to the world. Then this game is for you!"
76561198046071827,Recommended,435150,35061454,Posted: 19 September,all,AmazingCK,"A Game For Gamers Made By Gamers...Pulls you in and doesen't let go, probably the best RPG i've played in a long time. You have complete freedom to do things as you like.  Its crafted so very well, choices really effect gameplay... like really effect it... and Its puzzles so far have been hard but if you listen and look around the clues needed to solve them are woven into the game masterfully.  The combat is challenging, skillfull, rewarding and incredebly fun.  loving it so far 20 hours in :)"
,Recommended,435150,35170314,Posted: 23 September,all,General Kenobi,I dig it.
,Recommended,435150,34873664,Posted: 10 September,all,tntx82,"I love the tactical combat, the story is incredibly engaging and the overall experience unique. Very high replay value, overall 10 out of 10."
76561198052589420,Recommended,435150,34875658,Posted: 10 September,all,SmashTactics,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Buy it
76561198008786923,Recommended,435150,35031126,Posted: 17 September,all,Irish Pleb,"New genre for me, I was very doubtful this would be a game I could get into.My expectations where met with something I've not felt In a long time, I felt the magic of a game world.I thought that feeling was researved for my childhood, I'd never get that vibe going forward with life, So this alone,  Is enough for me to recommend this gem.Playing with a crew of life long friends has made it all the more amazing, The disfuntional moments and those times when we pull ourselves together and make things work, to the times when we die in glorious style. We've laughed, given into cheeky impulses, shed a few RP tears, and every step of the way wanted to push fowards to further glory (it has been very hard to put down to sleep)I think what brings the worlds together for me, was the freedom, we could split up, go anywhere wits would allow, kill anyone who we thought insulted our huge egos. though often we had to reload from a monumental failure, replaying fights was never a dull moment.on Tacticain mode we could not get over how cunning the AI was, It would do things we struggled to think of ourselves at times. It would run for cover when it needed to, it would exploit every eviromental angle it could, it felt more human than us but with enough human like choices not to seem robotic. Possibly the best AI I've seen, ever.My Cons::I feel lost when in comes to recipies, without wanting total knowledge (guides) I was hoping atleast some hints would follow, I've not explored it a great deal, but I feel I'm at 30hours, avioding it.:Some minor times when range would have clear line of sight, yet to hit an object instead, but I'm talking minor.:Cannot barter when another is bartering with the same character, I understand perhaps immersion, but convenience, It can be a little annoying.Pros::Visuals, sounds, all just perfect.:Writing quality and quantity, just amazing.:Freedom of choice, wield any weapon/gear, sandbox relationships.:Humor inducing deaths and accidents.:Customization, and the feeling of power with every spell/gear.:Combat spell elemental synergy, enviromental impact, and fluid easy to understand mechanics.:Morals and ethical choices, not always black and white.:Dark ideals, and sinnister characters.:Fast loading, mostly instant.:Great difficulty, hard is hard. expect to think/pray.:Sense of adventure, always more ways than one to do something, exploration rewarded.:Workshop!Thankyou! this has to be the first game for me in a long time, I can safely say, beats expectations by miles, and gives me hope for the future of games again.XOXOXO"
76561198032110603,Recommended,435150,35013515,Posted: 16 September,all,werewood,"Best turn based RPG since the 1998 FallOut2. Post release the fights are much easier, no idea why. But there is just nothing wrong about this game as a whole. Deep. Surprising. Allows for tons of tactics so redoing the same fight can be a whole new experience. So much character development possibilities. We deserve it. They deserve the credit and our $."
,Recommended,435150,34883792,Posted: 11 September,all,JimDaddy,"Just bought this a couple days ago after alot of hesitation (I haven't played an Iso RPG since Diablo 1 like 18 years ago, thus the hesitation). Love it. Been playing it non-stop and I can't wait to start over on the 14th with all I've learned!"
,Recommended,435150,34847261,Posted: 9 September,all,Xddd im pickle Rick hHa,A sequel to the best coop multiplayer game ever made. So basically the best- but better.
76561197960274298,Recommended,435150,34789831,Posted: 7 September,all,pandas | brad,"Can eat people corpse, oh good."
,Recommended,435150,35041355,Posted: 18 September,all,CptWinters,"This is the single greatest RPG i've ever played and I haven't even left the first Act, of which there are three.The level of depth is staggering. Not only is combat a truly tactical experience that forces you to consider the strengths and weaknesses of every character on the field -- but the story (exeptionally written dialogue) is equally as deep. The way the world reacts to you based on your tags or what Origin you play will impress more often than not. It seems every other NPC has something to say about who or what you are. What really hammers this in is the origin characters who can become your companions. They are their own people - not just mindless drones carrying your luggage for no good reason. You are an unlikely troupe brought together by circumstance and if major disagreements come about they may decide to leave your company permanently -- or worse!If you ever wanted to play a game that embodies the feeling of a D&D campaign, look no further.Two paths lie ahead: Divinity or Death. Yours is the choice."
,Recommended,435150,35022381,Posted: 17 September,all,elyaravternov,"This game is - as simply put - a masterpiece, an art, a landmark of RPG gaming. I thoroughly enjoys it. The customization, the story lines, the choices, the narattion, the artworks - everything is amazing. Divinity : Original Sin was amazing, but this one? This is even more amazing than the original."
76561198021258254,Recommended,435150,35030760,Posted: 17 September,all,Shnicks,"This game is good looking, fun to play, has great voice acting, and an awesome story."
76561197997310772,Recommended,435150,35030858,Posted: 17 September,all,Galanthis,"An amazing role playing adventure, being fully voiced just makes this game an epic experience."
76561198081351687,Recommended,435150,29657502,Posted: 2 February,all,Silent Andrew,"This game is a step in the right direction. Its fun because of all the role-playing choices you are able to choose from. 9/10 is what I give this early access game. If you enjoy games like D&D, then this game is a good choice."
,Recommended,435150,35105159,Posted: 21 September,all,Mochuishle,My GotY.  It's so xxxking great amazing awesome. Nothing more to say.
,Recommended,435150,35428149,Posted: 2 October,all,stupidomen,10/10 would kill everyone in town again.
76561198044900182,Recommended,435150,35206708,Posted: 25 September,all,Computer,This is THE BEST SRPG in history. Dont miss it.
,Recommended,435150,35117250,Posted: 21 September,all,DrShepherdLIVE,Good game!If you liked Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale you have to buy this.If you dont know both of these games go buy them too ;)
76561198071032013,Recommended,435150,35172048,Posted: 23 September,all,oscarbuffalo,Don't think just buy
76561198101776812,Recommended,435150,35348956,Posted: 30 September,all,tempestary,"First, I want to say: the game is a masterpiece indeed.I only recommend to play it a bit later, maybe in a month or so, when all of the necessary patches & fixes are here to make your gameplay truly breathtaking.For now it's possessed with some nasty bugs that affect your gaming experience, missing strings here and there and so on.The game however is a must-play and I actually recommend everyone familiarize themselves with it."
76561198041690376,Recommended,435150,35197639,Posted: 24 September,all,RB,"A wild ride that, like some of the best books I've read, I could not put down.The world is detailed both in environment and lore, the characters are deep and nuanced, often troubled and frequently broken, yet richer for their vast flaws. The combat is pure turn based strategy, and while cheesable, can be quite difficult while rewarding smart tactics.The story is enthralling, as are each of the dozens of side stories. I'm hesitant to label them quests, as I feel that would demean their stature in some way.Finally, the sound track is amazing. So good in fact, that it won't stop playing on loop in my head, even when I wish it would because I've been up for 46 hours and please let me sleep.10/10, will play again once I can convince a friend to get the game for a co-op playthrough."
76561198013023937,Recommended,435150,35198076,Posted: 25 September,all,Yset,Best rpg I can remember ever playing.
,Recommended,435150,35261919,Posted: 28 September,all,Kallo,an excellent game and a worthy successor of the previous Divinity Original Sin game. well worth the price if you are into turnbased strategies / RPGs
,Recommended,435150,35135258,Posted: 22 September,all,Technicolour Beat,This should be the best RPG of 2017!
,Recommended,435150,35173524,Posted: 24 September,all,burnwithme,Narrator: *The player walks away as they contemplate how to praise this game.*
,Recommended,435150,35196783,Posted: 24 September,all,Donald der Führer,I extorted a beggar and killed his dog. 10/10 Game of the Year
,Recommended,435150,35198056,Posted: 25 September,all,Zoxx,My game of the year!
76561198011832276,Recommended,435150,35198911,Posted: 25 September,all,Sky Sweeper,"If you ever wanted a DnD experience in a video game form, no other product comes as close as this does. This game is the truest essence of a free-form RPG. The world is yours, and you can solve it how you want. 10/10, buy this game if you like RPG, you will never look back."
76561198030520177,Recommended,435150,35202974,Posted: 25 September,all,{A§T}Groeg,Just want to support the Review statistics .10/10 (No joke)
,Recommended,435150,35262653,Posted: 28 September,all,Sinusquell,"One if the, if not the, best Adventure RPGs ever, imo. Masterly game design, rewarding exploration and the turn based fights make this game a real Masterpiece. I love it."
,Recommended,435150,35445066,Posted: 3 October,all,Red Prince,"Can't stop playing, send help."
76561198136032755,Recommended,435150,35198962,Posted: 25 September,all,RaggedyManX,I am 3hr into the game and I love it.
,Recommended,435150,35228197,Posted: 26 September,all,AAaAaaaaaaaaaAAAAaAAaaAaAAaaaAAa,"A modern day masterpiece, something you'll regret not experiencing."
,Recommended,435150,35174279,Posted: 24 September,all,Teufelweich,"Probably one of the best games to get lost in ever published. The world is amazing and there's something lurking behind every corner, or barrel. You'll head out to finish one quest and come upon ten more.Truly worth buying by anyone that enjoys playing roleplaying games."
76561198087218730,Recommended,435150,35173748,Posted: 24 September,all,Luke Ogle,One of the greatest RPG's ever created if not THE greatest RPG ever made. Buy it if you're a fan of having fun. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,35223034,Posted: 26 September,all,Foxnos,"If D&D was a regular brand of soda, this game would be that one ""Great Value"" knockoff sugar free soda some supermarket chains have but that also tastes incredible and you want to share with your friends.  Even that one friend who don't drink regular sodas because of diabetes and intolerant to fun likes it and you are now all having fun, except for one of your friends who only likes regular brand sodas and you obviously can't drink both at the same time, but that's fine.I really really really like this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34986985,Posted: 15 September,all,Veineless,"23hours of gameplay in 2 days, cant get enough of this game tbh"
,Recommended,435150,35216514,Posted: 25 September,all,Diamond Arcana,"Hour 1: Alright, let's see what all the fuss is about.Hour 4: Hot damn, this game is radical.Hour 10: Alright, finally done with the first act- wait, that was just the first area?Hour 15: This might be one of my favorite games of all time.Now: This is one of my favorite games of all time.It's like the best RPGs of yesteryear strode through time, picking up all the best improvements along the way, and slapped us across the face.I haven't pushed a game on my friends this hard since Dragon's Dogma shipped on PC.Buy it. Now."
76561198034110693,Recommended,435150,34950298,Posted: 14 September,all,Acererak,"This is an incredible game. If you loved Baldur's Gate series, the first two Fallout, and/or any other CPRGS you'll absolutely adore this game. Honestly if your just looking for a rpg that feels like a role playing game, look no further. Combat is fun and deep. The graphics are beautiful. The music is top notch. 10/10. Play this game."
,Recommended,435150,34963427,Posted: 14 September,all,Prox,10/10
,Recommended,435150,35087612,Posted: 20 September,all,Maletta,Just trying to help this game reach overwhelmingly positive. It deserves it.
76561198353837275,Recommended,435150,35202794,Posted: 25 September,all,Jaxs1016,WOW!  what an amazing beautiful RPG
,Recommended,435150,34970849,Posted: 15 September,all,Boxtacular,I literally have no more time for anything else because this game is a time sucking vampire.
,Recommended,435150,35112225,Posted: 21 September,all,TheKittenSlayer,"-Wake up on the ship with me and a friend.-Strapped to some weird BDSM type torture rack.-Walk up to prison guard lady.-Click on book on podium in front of her-""Thief!""-Oh♥♥♥♥.jpg-""Chason what the ♥♥♥♥?!""-Try to talk my way out-""Ah a liar and a thief!""-Combat begins-accidently give her all my buffs-nearly die beating prison lady to death bare handed-Go into next room, actual murder occured-*Whistle and walk on by*10/10 so far would attack any npc who yells at me for taking THEIR stuff again"
76561198415088869,Recommended,435150,35445474,Posted: 3 October,all,HeartstrikeDS,Quite simply.....a masterpiece!
,Recommended,435150,35057816,Posted: 18 September,all,-= Wolf |CMBP|=-,"Наиграл за 3 дня 20 часов, так и не прошел 1 акт.Игра очень маштабная и вариативная, так что советую."
76561197961045035,Recommended,435150,34977512,Posted: 15 September,all,Whiplash,"This game has a full voice over... That's crazy! And awesome.If you love turn based RPG's, it's a must play."
76561197969801435,Recommended,435150,35059972,Posted: 19 September,all,Phoenix,"One of the best RPGs in years, accessible enough without sacrificing complexity. A world full of detail with most of which  being either directly or indirectly involved in quests. A modernized cRPG that hasn't forgotten the core virtues of the genre.Get it, especially if you have friends interested in playing as well."
76561198001221515,Recommended,435150,35400986,Posted: 1 October,all,TitanNZD,My game of the year.I do not write reviews or rate things that often. Only the exceptional games really make me want to vote for them. This game is one of those exceptional games that I will never forget..Thank you for the amazing game Larian Studios.
,Recommended,435150,28512974,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr Mojorisin,"The game is pretty great so far - highly recommended. I just finished the first Original Sin and the second seems to only improve upon all aspects (minus some of the character personality trait stuff that I hope theyt bring back). Visuals are much more appealing - I feel much more drawn in to each area I explore and combat retains the strategic elements that made the first so enjoyable (ie spending an hour to line up my ability because I saw it flash red for a second and im not spending another AP to step forward, damnit). I can't remember if there is a difficulty setting but whatever I had it on before a recent update invalidated all my save files was pretty challenging (frequent and large updates make it kinda pointless to sink too many hours into the game at this point, even though they give you the old builds so you can still play old saves). I really can't wait for this to be completed. I just hope they bring back all the excellent voice work for the second. There was so much great dialogue in the first - every animal voiced, every person had something to say and it never felt annoying. The dialogue style is set up differently from the first (characters talk to you as a player rather than to the source hunter) which may mean that voice acting isnt coming for your characters...? I'll update my review though if I find out!"
,Recommended,435150,25599293,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bleck,"I find myself in love with this game, I am not a fan of turn based games but this one doesnt bother me. The graphics are nice as is the sound I wish there was a bit more character customization but its not critical there is a fair bit.Update: Ok still playing this game I think I have re played it at least 5 times now very good game and we only have access to like the very tip just a little scrap.I am counting down the days till release with glee"
,Recommended,435150,35051473,Posted: 18 September,all,The Eternal,Because I want to become a God.
76561198016811279,Recommended,435150,35024676,Posted: 17 September,all,Ozzzzy,"The only game that follows the Witcher 3 in quality and attention to detail.A must have!Larian Studios have something to be proud of here. Really, really proud.If you like games where choices matter, where you have freedom, an engaging story, amazing music and great art style, and you like well thought out turn based combat, where careful planning/positioning is required, this is definately for you.If you like games that hold your hand and tell you what to do, don't bother, as this game is ruthless at times and will require some IQ's to solve problems.Oh yea and you can play as an undead character."
,Recommended,435150,34965580,Posted: 14 September,all,sh4rkus,Now that they've included voice acting and quest locations on the map. 10/10 will play every day.
,Recommended,435150,34964313,Posted: 14 September,all,Oklahomie Gaming Co.,"Best RPG ever in my honest opinion. ""This game has crazy depth and just really solid turnbase combat. Not to mention the mods (with a provided mod tool to make your own). People can make and upload there own campaign providing endless game content. More then this there is a dungeons master mode that is really solid and allows the DM to make modifications on the fly. Add in controller solid controller support as well as split screen Co-op (up to 2 people for one PC) and 4 player online Co-op AND competitive questing (yes there are multiple, conflicting paths to take in completeing a quest and two or more players can take directly opposing routes in those quests therefore competeing against each other) I do not see how you can not at least respect this game and its developers. This is DnD the video game more so then any other game that I have ever been aware of. A must buy for any RPG or DnD fan in my opinion."
76561197984478327,Recommended,435150,34956275,Posted: 14 September,all,Skeptic Gamer,"The best RPG is back boys. A must buy. Don't waste time reading these reviews. Only one word of warning though, if you dislike strategy and slower pace.. This isn't for you. Otherwise, go and buy it.No seriously go buy it. Buy it."
76561198062159880,Recommended,435150,34945665,Posted: 14 September,all,Ian,Can't wait for the complete version. Game of the year!
76561198061918741,Recommended,435150,34724542,Posted: 3 September,all,Lothian Tam,"Just finished up what's doable for the Alpha, and I can safely say this game is wonderful. The freedom alone, the abilities, the simple amount you can do in such a game is a must for RPGs, and I hope other studios do well to realise it."
,Recommended,435150,34760562,Posted: 5 September,all,Dimmie,"28.8 Hours on Record, and that's how long it took me to complete the full Fort Joy & Swamp areas.I know the early access is missing a lot, which only makes me want this game more, and more with every passing minute- especially after watching the developer video speaking about the playable undead (Undead being my favorite race in most any game I've played).28.8 Hours on Record, and there are STILL things I haven't fully figured out, still quests I feel like I left incomplete. Still things I think I might be able to do, yet I couldn't figure out the answer.For the early access content (Which I assume is not even close to what they've gotten completed right now), I was more then satisfied. I was seeking a create your own character game with an in-depth story, with some lovable and quirky companions, and Divinity: Original Sin 2 has scratched that itch.I cannot wait for the full release and will likely try other actions and combonations on the side. And the fact that I can just get Lohse & Ifen as my companions and I'm not shoehorned into accepting anyone else pleases me beyond belief- It allows for some fun immersive experiences.I want this game to be out so very badly, like the full release. I yearn for it and I'm giddy with anticipation- Couldn't recommend it more, especially for someone who has been craving a create your own character and a LOT of story driven content.--------I've decided to put a bit of an edit into my review.  Mostly to make a comparison of the Alpha version of Divinity Original Sin 2 and the Enhanced version of Divinity Original Sin- albeit I've only gotten 14 hours down on the first game.First off the Character Creator:(Divinity Original Sin, Enhanced Edition/The First Game)The main difference for me in regards to the character creator is the characters pasts. I'm someone who likes to feel immersed as the 'average jane' sort of character. A nobody, so needless to say in the original Divinity Original Sin game, I wasn't exactly fond of the backstories the customizable characters were given. The Source Hunters were established ""Bad Asses"" so to speak, no matter what class you picked there was a backstory explaining exactly how skilled they were.There was no build up to your characters esteemed position. You were a Source Hunter, you're both well respected and somewhat hated/envied. You could be this rogue who was caught doing a job, a knight who was the last survivor of some kind of knightly house, a Witch that actually faced off against the Source Hunters until the 'Leader' asked for your assistance. Although each little back story was beautifully tailored, it left me with a feeling of: ""These characters are woven, personalities set.""Which in turn, made me feel like if I replayed the game.. Although there are differing dialogue choices, decisions, and options.. The past of the Customized PC's makes it feel as if I'm just replaying the same people. (Mind you this is from my perspective)(Divinity Original Sin 2, The Alpha Release)The Alpha Release is not the final product, so this portion of the review may change. However, from the most recent streams Larian's shown the public, it seems that the customized character is far more 'Pastless'. For people like me this is a fun immersive/roleplay aspect. I can, as an example, play a character who semi-leans towards the Magister's methods and refuses to use Source, and believes that locking away Source is the best course ofa ction. Although I doubt it's possible to keep the collar on the entire game (Something I will try to do on full release), it is still something I can mold as a 'past'.I could throw them a background as a Soldier and a Scholar, I could go with the idea that they lost a loved one to the voidwaken when my character had first used their source abilities and that is why they refuse to use Source any longer. Not only that but each dialogue option doesn't make my character out to be a bonafied badass. As a simple example, if I choose the Soldier background and meet a certain NPC with a soldier background, there is an option to salute them- the salute feels like it implies that my character was beneath the other characters Rank. Whereas they once commanded, my character was merely a grunt.There is a lot more growth from an immersive self-RP perspective, a lot more variety I feel. Though once again this is a personal opinion!Companions:(Divinity Original Sin, Enhanced Edition/The First Game)I've only met three companions in the first game, the man in the library, the locked up wild woman, the veteran source hunter, and the thief. Now I haven't really dealt with the library man but the Source Hunter & Thief are the ones I run with constantly. They do have the occassional smidgen of dialogue (perhaps this branches out later in the game, this is just me talking from a 14 hour period, which is half of what I played in Divinity Original Sin 2 to complete the alpha areas). However I don't feel.. Very connected to them, NPCs refuse to talk to them and would prefer ""Talking to the leader."" sure they may be fleshed out but as I see them they're.. Just nice things that punch stuff. With the occassional quip here and there. I'll likely play more Divinity Original Sin enhanced edition and change this opinion but for now I'm not too interested in the companions.(Divinity Original Sin 2, The Alpha Release)The amount of love and care that went into these companions astounds me. They feel alive, and that's in the ALPHA of all things. Each is distinct, if someone offhandedly mentioned ""That one character that talks about boats."" I'd know it was Beast, and he isn't even a companion in the alpha!Another example is Ifen, he is labeled with a tag called ""Villain"" in the alpha, I'm not sure if that will be there on release, but there are dialogue choices he can sue with that tag. It's implied that he's a horrible individual, but if you look at his personality, he is much more the  just a ""Villain"". He stood up for an elf when humans were rabbling her, he does not approve of killing an animal in an area that can be killed because it is disgusting. He's only a villain, because the world has ousted him as one- he's a mercenary, he's infamous, he's feared. But he's also someone who loves animals, someone that doesn't really enjoy bullying others that are 'lower on the food chain', he isn't a fan of senseless killing but kills only because it's his ""Job"". For an alpha, there was so much insane depth to him.I didn't use Sibble or Prince much, but every interraction with them that I had, made them out to be people. Not a piece of the scenary or a meat wall that was needed to throw in front of swords.----I'm sure there are things the original does better then the second- albeit I've yet to find that out. Some may say the combat, but the combat in #2 feels much more strategetic. I can't just strong arm my way through the combat like I do in 1, quite frequently at that. Perhaps I am just naturally biased, but, I think that #2 beats #1 in all categories. I enjoy both the alpha of dinivty original sin 2, and the enhanced edition of the original Divinity Original Sin.However, I can find myself lost in #2 for hours (As seen by my 40 hours put in even after completing everything I could at 28 Hours), whereas in #1 I need to take breaks due to growing.. Bored."
76561198030631468,Recommended,435150,35398867,Posted: 1 October,all,lucohan,"I dont usually review, but i am deeply offended by this game not being overwhelmingly positive"
,Recommended,435150,34833894,Posted: 9 September,all,Gwynbleidd 🐺,"Played this game over its alpha, the dev team seem very willing to answer their communities requests. Which is imperative for a successful developing title.The game is easy to learn but can become challenging if you are unprepared.The best thing for me is the 4 player, co-operative multiplayer, a feature that was not included in D:OS1.Connectivity seems smooth and the game boasts a voiced, story rich, explorative campaign."
76561198034079019,Recommended,435150,34872472,Posted: 10 September,all,Gymrat,Just a few more days for its full release. Buy it already! We all know you've been eyeing this game for quite some time now.
,Recommended,435150,34947116,Posted: 14 September,all,zeeb,"I haven't truly enjoyed a game in a while, this was a blessing.Thank you for that!"
76561198049003303,Recommended,435150,32830092,Posted: 26 June,all,IlVegio,"Larian know how to make games.DoS2 has great dynamics, eccelent grafic, epic music and the typical humor of the divinity series.It's a must have for those how love RPG.Totally worth its cost."
,Recommended,435150,34916830,Posted: 13 September,all,Manoa Jon,"I'm not really into these kinds of turn based rpgs, but this one is different. The combination of ingame objects, combat, and story makes this game so addictive. To progress in the story you need to win fights and to win fights you need good gear, and this encourages exploration. If you are like me (likes action rpgs) then you should try this game. If you can get over the non wasd movement and learn to enjoy the turn based combat, you will love this game. Can't wait till the 14th of September to get the full game."
,Recommended,435150,34926604,Posted: 13 September,all,Arumin,"If you like PC-style top-down RPG's, you have to get this game. It's really quite that simple.People here have already given descriptions left and right in their reviews, I've very little to add to that. Sufficed to say that where Larian's Original Sin (1) was already a very good game, but had minor nuisances here and there, this one, at fricking Early Access Alpha, already felt, looked, and played like a true AAA title. Everything that was in Original Sin has been improved many fold, all the flaws and nuisances fixed, all the good things perfected, and so, so much more added on top. So much so, that I'd have to write a novel to cover it all.The age of RPG's - in my opinion - has been in decline for a good 10 years with previous big players like BioWare and Bethesda being stuck, even backtracking in their production of quality games. CD Projekt Red managed to start a new evolution of AAA RPG titles with its brilliant Witcher 3, but has so far seen no even remotely serious competition. Now, having played Original Sin 2, it's blatantly obvious that barring some extremely unlikely U-turns in the full release, Larian Studios will be cementing its position as the latest Gold producer with Midas' touch.The overwhelmingly positive reviews in Steam and everywhere else are not a coincidence, as it's easy to see that this game will be a BIG deal. It's quite simply that insanely good."
76561198124621532,Recommended,435150,33469763,Posted: 11 July,all,Bluedragon2016,"loved the fact of having a party of players,love  the strategy and the lore,holy lore, im a guy that values lore in any game and this game has the more indepth lore than most game in the first part. also this game is really fun and awsome with the ability to group up with friends fight against enemys and find the truth of whats really going on and much much more. this game i would say is a must have to all players into lore,action, and adventure."
,Recommended,435150,35476562,Posted: 4 October,all,MVme,"So I know my review is kind of early.  Considering I haven't put that many hours into the game yet, but lets be honest when you have a game this fun. Do you really need to wait?  I have SEVERE video game ADD. (Meaning I play a game get bored 10 minutes later and full neglect the game for others.)  Well, I'm literally neglecting all of my other games for this. This game is amazing. Hands down one of the best RPG's since Hello Kitty: Island Adventurer.  For the price it seriously doesn't get any better than this.  I sat on it for awhile thinking about if I should get it.  Now, I regret not getting sooner than what I did. So if you're sitting there looking at this, looking at reviews, trying to figure out if you want this. Knock it off, and get this ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10.  & I plan on putting MANY MANY more hours into this game."
,Recommended,435150,25519698,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mlenart000,"Pretty good so far.  Its only in early access but I am impressed from what I see so far.  The combat seems more enjoyable, especially if you make a super tank class.  In DOS1 being a straight tank would require you to use your whole first turn just to walk over to the enemy since you were so weighed down with armor.  With there being fewer action points, it almost seems like you can do more.  Some things in game are still locked off, like the ability to change starting skills, but its still fun.If you are unsure whether to get this game or not, since you have not played the first game, BUY THE FIRST GAME and try that out since it is only $20 now.  If you dont enjoy how that games mechanics are, you probablt will not enjoy this one."
76561198022329825,Recommended,435150,25593231,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ADeadlyBunny,I love it. This not an alphaNeeds more resing scorls
,Recommended,435150,34977606,Posted: 15 September,all,Birdtalon,It's really good!
76561198141090977,Recommended,435150,34969936,Posted: 15 September,all,douglas.sturges,Best RPG since BGII.
,Recommended,435150,35357538,Posted: 30 September,all,👌ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ👌 Pyjama,"If you are into cRPGs, you do not want to miss this.Divinity: Original Sin 2 is easily the best RPG since ""The Witcher 3"".The world design is excellent. Once you have worked out the rock-paper-scissor balance system the combat becomes real fun.Storytelling is complex and well made. Overall this is a huge step up from its predecessor.Kudos, Larian."
,Recommended,435150,34957258,Posted: 14 September,all,TheDatzMan,"As per usual, Larian crushes it. Nice work guys and gals!"
,Recommended,435150,34981023,Posted: 15 September,all,Haybear <3,Best RPG I've played in a longggg while. Haven't had this much fun with one since KOTOR.
,Recommended,435150,34965004,Posted: 14 September,all,Mister Meeseeks,"This game is so beautiful. Better graphics, more stories and hidden mysteries. You can kill everything or try to talk your way out of everything. You are rewarded either way."
76561198007965982,Recommended,435150,35357044,Posted: 30 September,all,Galverizer,"600k sold in two weeks, great game don't need to say more."
76561198068465682,Recommended,435150,34779239,Posted: 6 September,all,Ðemetriøs,"guys, let's do it !! make the best rpg game ever !! YES you can !!!"
76561198254045418,Recommended,435150,34490763,Posted: 25 August,all,Sorceress,"Oh, its such wonderfull game.Game features classless system, but you can of course play some prebuild classes or Origin characters. Origins characters are ingame companions who disappears after you choose them as they main. Upon meeting companions after some time playing, you can choose their skillset... which vastly improves replaybility...EA featurs Act One and Prologue and Prologue is awesome...Act One is wonderfull as well, with numerous quest and one annoying cat.I really like artwork of this game, it's well done."
76561198059524989,Recommended,435150,34957579,Posted: 14 September,all,Fortunatuscanis,Love this game and cant wait to really play with the features. im a big dnd nerd and it just hits all the right places!
76561197990388848,Recommended,435150,35006852,Posted: 16 September,all,Jubba the Hutta,"Better than the first one, if it's possible :)"
,Recommended,435150,34725739,Posted: 3 September,all,Kerigor,Feels like playing DnD with a group of friends.
76561198061527876,Recommended,435150,33428179,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr. ZAion,"this game is absolutely amazing, as usual. everything is magic, the story is incredible, what you can do in the game is a lot ( also if i d like to see some mini games ). Do you like fantasy story and game ? this is for you . A MUST have"
76561198180895517,Recommended,435150,34953747,Posted: 14 September,all,Booskie,"This is an absolutely fabulous game. I have put in 150 hrs replaying the alpha over and over again. There are so many different ways of doing each encounter that I've had a blast getting crazy and creative. I've even managed to ""kill"" dallis TWICE during one of my playthroughs. This has definitely been a game that I have eagerly awaited and now that we're here at launch day, my only regret is not having downloads start while I was asleep! <3"
,Recommended,435150,35007779,Posted: 16 September,all,sh0wman.,This game and Witcher 3 are enough reason to be a gamer.
76561198007724456,Recommended,435150,34954002,Posted: 14 September,all,3THO,The game is awesome! The only reason why it hasn't an ''overwhelmingly positive'' rating is because of salty kids from countries like France who refuse to learn English in a globelized world because they feel like their language is superior. Wait a week for their language translations to come out and everyone will be happy.(note: English isn't my first language either).
76561198041465598,Recommended,435150,34959846,Posted: 14 September,all,Timehazer,I have a 100GB SSD drive. Are these 35GB worth it?Yes.
76561197970507234,Recommended,435150,35100336,Posted: 21 September,all,Ganak,"This is one of the best role playing games that I've played in years.  It's beautiful, the combat is great, the environments are great, the music is great, the party members have great personalities, there are tons of decisions to be made.  I'm in my 30's and I wake up early to play this before work.   It's a challenging game on the normal difficulty and that's great.  It doesn't hold your hand and gives you a lot of freedom in how to approach situations.  It really feels like dungeons and dragons, and has a bit of silliness but a lot less than the first Divinity: Original Sin.  I can not recommend this enough, an absolute must buy.   I am now a Larian fanboy, I guess.  Great."
,Recommended,435150,34720387,Posted: 3 September,all,tomaszek,"A really damn good game, even in early access. Can't wait for the final product."
76561198117001988,Recommended,435150,34952322,Posted: 14 September,all,Lightning,One of the best RPG out there! I totally recommend it! :)
,Recommended,435150,35147854,Posted: 23 September,all,MickeyDankMouse,Divinity: Original Sin 2 is the most immersive Role Playing Game I have ever played! It is truly Legendary!
76561198073298285,Recommended,435150,35373138,Posted: 1 October,all,snable,Best RPG.
76561198013423444,Recommended,435150,25522876,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Longmire,"Only have played about 3 hours it so far, seems like this will be a great game down the road and so far the Multiplayer is pretty addictive. The visuals are really nice, love the turn based D&D style look to video game combat.The ""Join game"" and having people join in a game needs a little work the UI could be more user friendly, but over all I give this a 7/10 for am early access."
,Recommended,435150,31982392,Posted: 26 May,all,thatpixelguy,"This is a seriously fun RPG with an amazing turn-based combat system. It's hard as heck, but that's what makes each fight so darn satisfying. Tonally it's a much darker and more serious game than Original Sin 1, but there's still a good amount of humor sprinkled throughout.If you buy it while it's in Early Access, though, just be aware that major patches are frequently incompatible with your old save games."
76561198012160186,Recommended,435150,28082485,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso,"This review is written with game in Alpha:First and foremost, Divinity: OS2 is a tuned-up copy/past of Divinity: OS1 -- and that's not a bad thing.  The story touches on points from part one, but seems to be stand-alone, well written (although still a bit lore long-winded in some areas, for my taste).  Graphics are great (needs a little help in identifying ""ladder"" aspects and the ""see-through"" of so many overhead structures can get a little confusing).  Overall, the first chapter of the game was a solid 15 hours of fun and enjoyment.  They've, thankfully, enhanced the inventory system between your party, as well.Now for my appreciation of Divinity: OS1 & OS2.  The series doesn't exactly re-invent the wheel, but I've come to realize how magnificent the construction of this particular wheel is, and how much time and effort went into this series from the devs.  The game is rich ... there is no better word to describe it -- Rich.  Rich in story and side-quests, character development, graphics, gameplay, mechanics, treasure hunting, crafting, lore, etc. etc.  I literally cannot see any aspect of the game that requires improvement upon, other than a few of the above mentioned.It is a testiment to my appreciation of this game, that I have tried going to the Steam Store, and looking up ""recommended games similiar to Divinity: OS,"" I cannot find one that even compares to the slightest to what this series offers.  There are simply too few games out there that currently compare to Divinity: OS, if any at all, in any genre.Also, I'm not huge into the fantasy RPG genre, but this game/series gets my attention in a sea of rotten games.  The last game I enjoyed this much was Dragon Age: Origins, if that helps.  Divinity: OS is like if Dragon Age: Origins and Ultima had a baby.That's one awesome baby."
,Recommended,435150,34599823,Posted: 30 August,all,Coderz,"I really like the game, but it may not be for me. I can tell that it's a story driven game and has a lot going on, but It couldn't keep my attention, that's just me however. I loved how the game played through combat and interactive mechanics. Good game and I can recommend it to anyone who loves games that aren't fast paced and can be played at your own pace."
76561198037946396,Recommended,435150,34280598,Posted: 16 August,all,Der Finger Gabriels,"I read a lot of people complaining about the elemental surfaces and I must say; it's kinda true, but only at the beginning when you don't have magic armor. I like but also hate the idea of these armors. As long as you have physical/magical armor you can't be cc'd or burned etc. same goes for the enemy. So when you fight against alot of enemies you can't cc a single one of them until their armor is gone and they overrun you(they can be slowed though).So you have to plan your engagement more and better, and I think that's a really good thing in a tactical rpg. If you still lose the battle you can almost always find something else do to or find a better way to do it.There are secrets everywhere and you can solve quests in multiple ways.The companions are interesting as well and you can choose their starting class.Playable undeads, unique co-op mechanics, crafting and there is so much more!FULL VOICE ACTING and an extremely epic soundtrack for instance!I don't think 10/10 would be enough to rate this game. It deserves FAR more."
,Recommended,435150,34647291,Posted: 31 August,all,Crushpuppy,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is by far this year's biggest contender for RPG Game of the year. The original Divinity: Original Sin shook the RPG community and will forever stand in the Halls of our hearts. The sequel looks to improve on just about every aspect of original.At the time of writing, the game is in Early Access and players have access to the first act of the game along with most of the gameplay mechanics.Character creation is deep and highly customizable. You will choose from numerous races and classes. You will also choose an origin story, ambient music instrument preference, as well as starting skills and abilities within your chosen classes skillset. This along with a selection of numerous talents that will aid you in your journeys, you really get the feeling that your character is your own.Gameplay is absolutely glorious. The movement is much like any other RPG dungeon crawler as you explore the vast world of Rivellon. When you find yourself in combat things start to get interesting. Combat is turn based and played over a number of rounds. Players will spend their action points casting spells and using abilities. Some may damage your opponents while other aid you and your companions. There are way too may skills here to discuss, but suffice to say that there is always something exciting going on in combat. Once combat is over (preferably with your team still alive) movement returns to normal and you are free to openly explore the world and interact with characters to continue the story line.The game has a robust crafting system as well as a number of other inner workings that can keep you busy in town for hours if you so desire, though players who desire more action and less crafting/fishing/customizing can still play without needing to sink time into extra activities.This is the best game of all time, I just want to cry..."
76561198057016792,Recommended,435150,34708985,Posted: 3 September,all,Somewhat Deadly,"Divinity Original Sin was an excellent game in it's own rights, however some may agree with me that the atmosphere of the game was weird. At times, the game tried to be serious, but also tried to be lighthearted. It felt forced.However, my experience in Act 1 of this game shows that they improved on that, and decided on taking a more serious route with humour that fits in. That was my main complaint with the first game, as for all the other features from Divinity Original Sin, they've improved on them as well. Most of the talents from the original game are back, character creator is better than ever, and the races look unique.My favorite race being the Elves as they don't look like your typical fantasy elf, no they look a lot more... primal if that makes any sense. Of course the other races in the game are there, the Humans, Dwarves, Dragonfolk (Correct me if I'm wrong, I forgot their correct name) and Skeletons are confirmed to be added to the full release.Of what I have seen so far, this game is very worth the price they're charging it, hell I feel like it could be a full priced game and I'd still say the same. You could tell that Lavian Studios really cared about making this game, and I can't wait until the full release.Until the game comes out, this is about all I can touch on."
,Recommended,435150,34690306,Posted: 2 September,all,Dirty Dan,"Every once in a while, I get this unscratchable itch to play an RPG that allows for the freedom to not only get lost in the world and lore set before me, but to also interact and complete quests in a very open ended manner, create really unique characters with their own unique stories and ideals, and even have an actual sense of tabletop-esq role play while playing both solo and multiplayer. I've always wanted to be able to (for example) choose between either fighting a group of guards, stealth and skullduggery to sneak my way in, cause a major distraction and simply walk in, or whatever else possibility is necessary to achieve my goals of breaking into the captian's office to obtain incriminating documents.Then along comes Divinity: Original Sin 2. A massive step up from D:OS1, (An already legendary CRPG) in just about every single major category. This EA is a very old build of what the final game will be if you've been keeping up with the Larian Dev Vids on YouTube and it still doesn't fail to astound me and scratch that itch.We still have GM Mode to look forward to, and full mod support, and the fully unlocked campaign!TLDR;10/10"
76561198120822828,Recommended,435150,34782186,Posted: 6 September,all,redgab,games pretty good a lot from when playing with friends can't wait for the game to come out
76561198079398822,Recommended,435150,34837406,Posted: 9 September,all,𝕺𝖑' 𝕽𝖚𝖘𝖙𝖞,"Finished the currently available Act I; all I can really say is, thus far, Larian Studios has taken Divinity: Original Sin and massively improved upon every aspect of it. There is just as much canny and interesting dialect, there are significantly more spells with the addition of race choices, a handful of companions whos' backstories directly impact your playthrough, extremely deep environmental interaction both in and out of combat, and just so much more. I absolutely cannot wait to see what else this game has to offer in just a few short days from now!Although I only have 11 hours logged, some players will find themselves finishing what is available in either slightly more or slightly less time than that, as certain character traits and companion choices will effect the time it takes to find the answers to a problem. My playthrough was relatively quick as I got rather lucky with the traits and companions I chose.HINT: PET PAL is a GREAT trait to have for act 1. Perhaps one of the recruitable companions has it? ;)"
76561197970366246,Recommended,435150,34708115,Posted: 3 September,all,VentoreX,"If you like D&D, then you'll love this.The game is great to play Singleplayer or Multiplayer with friends!"
,Recommended,435150,34952095,Posted: 14 September,all,Caelistas,Rpg perfection
,Recommended,435150,34655847,Posted: 1 September,all,Duncan,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a great game in early acces already.( I will update this review when I've played trough the full release of the game)The developers are really listening to their community and even ask them what to improve, what to add/remove.I've not that many hours in it yet since I don't want to play through act 1 yet (which is the early acces part) until I can play the entire story.Some keyfeatures I like so far are:* Great storytelling* You can interact with ALL npc (and there are a lot of NPC)* Crafting* Wide choice of reactions in conversations* Multipe characters to pick from with their own story line* Split Screen co-op* 4 Player Drop in-out Co-op (multiplayer)* Deep tactical combat* Secret locations and treasuresUpcoming things I'm very excited about are: (these will be added on launch)* You can play Undead as any race you like(!)* Fully voiceacted game* Skill/Spell craftingThe thing I'm also very excited about (and if you are a DnD player you should be aswell) is the DM mode.This will make it possible for DM's to play their campaigns in this game with:* worldmaps you can pick from a list or upload one yourself.* pick one of the premade playabble area's or even better create one yourself* map editor for Divinity Original Sin 2* Support for up to 4 players and a DM* And they even have the Lost Mines of Phandelver (DnD starterpack) availible for play on launchday!So it's clear for me Divinity: Original Sin 2 is already one of the greatest RPG's even though its still in early acces.If you where not sure if you want to by this game just DO IT you won't regret it! The Dev team deserves it!"
76561198006869961,Recommended,435150,34961796,Posted: 14 September,all,Freidrich,"Needs better auto-save, it was great clearing fort joy only for my team to die later and be loaded up an hour before I cleared the fort ):("
,Recommended,435150,34970732,Posted: 15 September,all,Bynnx,"The fact they did voice acting, is so good! Love the narrator! Good game, fun, and more far more accessable for those of us who struggle to read forever! :D"
,Recommended,435150,34941573,Posted: 13 September,all,Sveind,One of the best RPGs in a long time.
,Recommended,435150,34943349,Posted: 13 September,all,Foogley,Release it now please. I want it inside of me.
76561198008598033,Recommended,435150,34943645,Posted: 14 September,all,Ditchy,Simply better then the original and the original was great.
,Recommended,435150,35109057,Posted: 21 September,all,The Wulfman,"The first game in a long time that I couldnt stop thinking about when I wasn't playing it. As a newcomer to the series I can assure you that it's not that hard to get into, just take your time, and actually read the tips provided and dialogue. This game will not hold your hand. That being said don't let the reviews saying this is a ""Hardcore RPG"" (what does that even mean anyway? lol) scare you away.I'll be updating this review once I've finished my first playthrough."
,Recommended,435150,35013626,Posted: 16 September,all,Miqi,"To start off before the wall of text.An undead picks locks with his fingers.A possessed person wants to be your best friendA Lizard had sex with a demonAnd a puny little dwarf calls himself ""The beast"" ... And he is.^These are examples of who you can choose to join you on your adventureThis game is amazing.Already favored the title and type of game because of having grown up with Balduar's Gate 1 and 2 and Throne of Bhaal.Divinity: Original sin 1 was a great modernisation of the old school Turn based CRpg's with a slight addition of humour. The enhanced edition improved the original game with more content and Voice action which IMO is key to really become one with the narrative of the story and truly immerse yourself.So with Larian studios you wonder, what can they do to improve an already great title?Well Divinity: Original Sin 2 delivered. With a lot of help from backers who helped bring along additional content.Divinity original sin 2 provides several uniques stories for individual characters in which most have multiple outcomes depending on your choice. the game greatly encourages multiple playthroughs of 60-80 hours long to fully experience what is D:Os2.You will rarely find any games besides MMO's These days that have SO much Value per $ spent on the game as D:OS2 does.D:OS2 Is hard, unforgiving, relentless, exciting, loot hoard encouraging, mentally challenging and most of all FUN, even the moments when you get beaten down and struggle to get back up. when you achieve the victories you celebrate with a grin on your face and bags full of loot.Experience D:OS2. You. Must."
,Recommended,435150,34983863,Posted: 15 September,all,Shebλr,"You can kill someone and raise them ffrom the dead to follow you around as a pet and fight for you.Perfect game, story is amazing, graphics are awesome, and the amout of voice acting put into the game is incridible, a classic rpg game you should tottaly give a try 10/10."
76561198040773558,Recommended,435150,34996413,Posted: 16 September,all,popadoseyo,One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198030176685,Recommended,435150,34960619,Posted: 14 September,all,Kaustek,It's everything I have been wanting from a singleplayer RPG....with coop.Glad to see this title finally made it out of EA.
,Recommended,435150,34959479,Posted: 14 September,all,seagaL,Probably the best RPG I've ever played.
76561198343529459,Recommended,435150,31830451,Posted: 18 May,all,76561198343529459,"the game is a masterpiece, it would be awesome if they could add more faces and more skills/spells. especially from the summoning scholls, necromancy, and the polymorph schools... oh and if they can fix the bug where you get into fights and sometimes your companions are unresponsive thatd be fantastic. i know the fix to that bug, but its so annoying..since sometimes im counting on the abilities of a companion and if im unable to use him i have to reload.edit: also another new annoying bug i just encountered....wet status. It wont come off no matter what i do. Hopefully the devs look through these reviews and see if they can possibly fix that."
76561198018485953,Recommended,435150,34653448,Posted: 1 September,all,singlefate,Divinity... 'nuff said.
,Recommended,435150,35000608,Posted: 16 September,all,The_Osiris,"I played D:0S 1 for dozens of hours, and while it was a very well made game, it jsut felt a bit cheesy and a little bland for me. It just didn't entrance me like Pillars of Eternity did at the time...However, D:OS 2 has fixed all the issues I had with D:0S - it just feels right, more immersive, deeper stories, and a little more structured on the quest front. And I've still got far to go.I'm a fan of D:OS going forward 100% for sure now - what a great great turnbased cRPG."
76561198072939291,Recommended,435150,35014317,Posted: 16 September,all,Mokona,"This review is just based on my first impressions of the game. Its worth getting.There is an insane amount of skills and combos you can do that a single play through will never allow you to see all the cool stuff you can do so the replay value is high. My favorite thing I've discovered in the game is the way recruiting followers works. First you must convince them to follow you to begin with, they dont just come along because you are the ""chosen one"" or some crap. To boot if you like a character you dont have to worry about him being a mage when you are already a mage because each character asks you what you want them to be. No longer are you forced to not take your favorite npc with you or forced to play a class you dont like just to take it with you. You can finally have a balanced party full of npc you find interesting hurrah.The only thing I would ""complain"" about is the lack of non human races. You got human, dwarf (small human), elf (vegetarian human), and lizard man (finally its not a human). Skeleton variations of all is nice to throw in but I honestly am just done with every fantacy game haveing there races be the 3 over used races, human, elf, dwarf, and then a final race being there own ""custom"" race that just turn out to be another human but blue or something like that. Glad we got lizard men but wish we had a few more.This game has a lot of thought put into it and it somehow didn't lauch at the $60 price point, with mod support. I expected this to be as dissapointing as pillars of eternity was but just jumping into the character creation and I was already loving the game."
,Recommended,435150,35114316,Posted: 21 September,all,Sparoue,GAME OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING YEAR
,Recommended,435150,35114704,Posted: 21 September,all,Wolverine,"One of the best RPGs ever made. A precious gift to all RPG fans out there that crave good story, interesting characters and meaningful choices blend into rich and detailed world. Whatever I write won`t be enough to describe how good that game is."
,Recommended,435150,35036385,Posted: 17 September,all,乂 ƇƛƦƊƤƖƦƛƬЄ 乂,"I encountered a few bugs in this game, like being stuck in one place or moving along the map being a bit glitchy.Other than that, it's a great tactical RPG.I sadly played the multiplayer with my ex, so I have no idea how great that part of it could be since he wasn't the best person to play with (he's used to the game, this was my first interaction with it; so he was being kind of difficult), but I really did enjoy the clever and sometimes witty elements to it. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a challenge in their game."
,Recommended,435150,35092012,Posted: 20 September,all,Roach,"Quite possibly the best RPG ever made, but you already knew that. Don't waste precious play time, buy it now!"
,Recommended,435150,35135179,Posted: 22 September,all,Magical Fetus,Do It.
76561197983083170,Recommended,435150,34980470,Posted: 15 September,all,tumtedum,"Found black kitty who followed me around Fort Joy.  Walked by some Divine Order people; one of the archers shot the kitty, killing it and then muttered about killing it.  Immediately attacked him as a lvl 2 against five lvl 4 npcs.10/10 do not shoot my cat"
,Recommended,435150,34985145,Posted: 15 September,all,Todash,If you like RPGs get this game.
76561198324561727,Recommended,435150,35086968,Posted: 20 September,all,The baked bagel,"This game is a complete masterpiece in every sense of the word, the gameplay is deep and smooth, with tons of skills, talents, and attributes to learn, hundreds of weapons, armour's, and books to find. The story is deep and each origin character has a special story that's extremely well done. Sidequests are amazing, there's so many to do, from eating a dead body to find out the past, freeing prisoners, and so many more. Voice acting is amazing, with every npc, which is over a thousand, being voice acted. Combat is smooth, fun and strategic, with so many different ways to take out your enemies. The only downside for me was the inventory, it's definitely not terrible, but it can get clunky, especially when you have a lot of stuff to carry around. I'm 12 hours in and have barely scratched the surface of the first out of four acts. This is an absolute must buy of a game,  it is in my opinion one of the greatest rpg's of all time."
76561198040997218,Recommended,435150,35063839,Posted: 19 September,all,Dil Kirk,"buy it, you definitely won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,435150,35129687,Posted: 22 September,all,Voodoo,"An absolutely stunning RPG, that took the mechanics of the first game (that were already incredibly fun) and somehow made them even better. Tons of customisation, tons of depth, some of the best RPG combat I have ever played, and a gripping and engaging story, that is paced to perfection.Also you can be a bearded dwarf skeleton that turns people into chickens."
76561198077622398,Recommended,435150,35143538,Posted: 22 September,all,Sohamkar,"The Divinity Original Sin 2 can be best described as the refined form of a perfect RPG. It's great in its own accord. The development team did a great job and delivered in time which is not a small feat for indie devs. After playing 90 hours including EA following points have to be mentioned in this context:Pros:1) Great engaging story, slowness of first game is weared off.2) Variety of tactical situations and combinations invite the players to strategise and replay3) Classic RPG elements with DOS flavours mixed. Character role-playing and customisation at its best4) Branching Story line and Freedom of choices with vast dialogue options. No two play through can be same.5) Good voice acting6) Exploration and combat is both satisfying and rewarding. It is never hard never too easy. Difficulty scaling is good.7) Enemy AI is great and scaled well with difficulty and situationsCons:1) Minor glitches in the quest logic and quest resolving system leaving me annoyed sometimes2) Choices do matter but not always. Sometimes there is no ripple effect in the story development for some choices3) Armor system is great but not well implemented and did not seem to synergize with tactical choicesA definite buy for any RPG lover."
,Recommended,435150,35037801,Posted: 17 September,all,Humide,"Amazing and captivating stories, a deep and well polished RPGThis is the Baldur's gate of 2017. Highly recommended."
76561198147194313,Recommended,435150,25722522,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[SS] Breast Dragon Emperor,"For what it is now, it's an awesome game. Spent 17 hours murdering the entire city, clearing out the magisters, and at the end I got to kill some void worm.However it is a little bit buggy, as at the end I got my friend to talk to the final boss while I positioned myself, teleported the ranger and initiated combat on everyone except the guy my friend was talking to. Would be great to see this fixed once they introduce more monsters to kill so you can gain a higher level before fighting this boss, otherwise it is extremely hard, unless I missed something.Other than that, it is a great game for what it currently is. I look forward to seeing it progress further."
,Recommended,435150,34959958,Posted: 14 September,all,Blue Rose,9.5/10
,Recommended,435150,34983755,Posted: 15 September,all,Hitch,"I purchased, but didn't log a ton of hours in the remastered first iteration of this game (36 hrs), but this 2nd one just feels right, and it's a homerun for Larian. I will start by saying I have only experienced the co-op of this game, which so far has been a load of fun to play with a good friend:Areas to highlight:  The story telling is vastly improved, with exceptional voice dialogue (gaming industry wise). There are a ridiuclous amount of options for dialogue depending on your characters skills and tags. Rich orchestra sounds bring you back to some of your favorite RPGs of old. The game is gorgeous too, graphics are superb. Scenes are incredibly detailed, from brightly lit beach environments to dark, dreary dungeons. The mood is dark and sombre overall but clever writing adds in humor all along the way. HUD is intuitive and nothing new, co-op shared backpack screen is something to behold; very convenient. The combat is intuitive but high on difficulty, Larian does not hold your hand in this one. There are major things in the game that are not obvious which I won't spoil, and without the internet you'd miss a lot. Highly recommend playing without reading up on the game, it makes for a much better/realer experience. Those new to this type of game will repeat battles many times over on the harder difficulties. This is Turn-Based though, at it's best. Re-trying is half the fun, learning from your previous mistakes becomes essential. Winning a battle on the first go after using perfect tactics really feels satisfying.Areas for Improvement:  We encountered minor bugs, a learned spell that wouldn't show up in the mage book, finishing a successful dialogue with a creature then clicking them again by accident only to have new dialogue that leads to a fight. Stuff that requires a reload but isn't game breaking, and occurs infrequently. The environment manipulation is incredible, and no other game has allowed players to control fights so well using it, however it becomes a bit too much at times with the blood, water and other puddles--often making magic-type characters useless since every attack hurts your friends and foes alike. Source spells are a great idea but would be nice to be able to use once per battle or game day. Current game makes it hard to accumulate source points for skills that truthfully really arent as impressively OP as they should be at that rarity. Lastly, the gold/bartering system needs a hotfix bad. You need to move a slider to hit exact gold value on both sides, without an option to go up by 1 or type in a value. This is a basic that has been overlooked.Summary:  I look forward to logging many more hours before updating this review (so far at around 30 hrs). Recommended for anyone who loves old-school (or new) cRPGs or any 1-4 group of friends looking for a great game to co-op, just note it requires much focus, dialogue/reading and chatting, so I wouldn't recommend playing with a stranger. Also be prepared for 4 hr+ play times. It is almost impossible to make any progress in 1-2 hr playings. Congrats to Larian on a job well done, it's been one of the better RPG games I have played in years.  I would score D:OS2 9/10."
76561198078367518,Recommended,435150,32031992,Posted: 28 May,all,Noh,"Finally a game that is totally worth buying in early access!They deserve the support. DOS 1 is one of the best gamesi played and its even better when you play with friends!However, DOS 2 lookseven better!and we are talking of the EA version..Improved CC mechanics, more diversity in class/roles, good story,detailed game world etc etc aaaand not to forget the amazing dialog options :D12/10 would buy twice :D"
,Recommended,435150,35149302,Posted: 23 September,all,Poop Holder,"So far it's very fun. Very fun coop. Unfortunately for my party memebers the lack of hand-holding was too much and the refunded before the first real mission. Plebians, the pair of them.10/10 would have friends quit again."
76561198024881906,Recommended,435150,35154782,Posted: 23 September,all,swiggs,10/10 if you dont play this then screw you
,Recommended,435150,35113282,Posted: 21 September,all,Igromanchik,Oldschool rpg + coop
,Recommended,435150,35147388,Posted: 23 September,all,Picklelord Dilson,"Literally my second favorite RPG after Witcher 3. Excellent game, combat is wonderful, sense of progression is amazing, large open world, and great writing and story."
,Recommended,435150,35113072,Posted: 21 September,all,panzerwelly,Best RPG ive ever played hands down!
,Recommended,435150,35141808,Posted: 22 September,all,Chaseti78,good yes. especially with friends.
,Recommended,435150,34993157,Posted: 16 September,all,Birlzey,"Deepest most immersive open ended RPG iv ever played, highly recommended to RPG lovers."
,Recommended,435150,35167188,Posted: 23 September,all,Dismund,Probably GOTY
76561198025330524,Recommended,435150,35082442,Posted: 20 September,all,Sparhawk122,This game is a gem. The atmosphere and story are second to none. Fully voiced dialogue adds to the immersion in a genre where fully voiced dialogue is very very rare. The visuals are eye catching and performance is good.Minor gripes are some quests not completing properly in the log book and other minor glitches.In my opinion this game is easily a 9.5/10 on the fun factor scale. If you are new to the genre I recommend playing on the difficulty 'explorer' first.
,Recommended,435150,34911012,Posted: 12 September,all,Zode,The best RPG I've played in years.
,Recommended,435150,34960843,Posted: 14 September,all,The Sun Bro,"I created and undead knight called ""Solaire of Astora"" and after that I renamed the game's shortcut to ""Dark Souls 4"".Follow your dreams... That's what I do."
,Recommended,435150,35081471,Posted: 20 September,all,PhanTOMMM,"Took me about 25 hours to get out of Fort Joy, figured that was the end of the game. Oh boy was I wrong.Literally the best turn-based RPG I've ever played. The story is amazing and the characters are so well written they alone deserve multiple play throughs.Combat is cool, graphics are nice, only negative thing is I have no friends to play CO OP with :(10/10 would steal from Griff again"
76561197990766538,Recommended,435150,35049344,Posted: 18 September,all,SunshineLOV1N,"This game is the opposite of everything that is wrong with gaming today.Amazing company that cares about releasing an amazing game, the fans, and communication.Amazing team gameplay focused on synergy, strategy, and togetherness.Amazing story.Amazing GM mode. You can run a DND campaign through this game.12/10"
,Recommended,435150,35017390,Posted: 17 September,all,Agfct,"The Divinity Original Sin games are some of those hidden gems of gaming that you may have never heard of, but they just amaze you ones you start to play them.Divinity Original sin 2 is like its predecessor focused on strategic gameplay, turn-based combat, and clever conversations. If you loved Divinity Original Sin 1 (or EE) you will love this one, and if you love old school strategic turn-based gameplay with focus on conversations (E.g. actually reading the quest description) then this game is for you.In addition to being a completely new game, Divinity Original Sin 2 introduces new races like undead, new spells, magic armor (absorbs CC effects) and more.Pros:-	Deep questlines with choices.-	Lots of different spells, talents, and abilities, that you choose almost freely.-	Turn based tactical combat that forces you to think.-	Voice acting on all conversations.Cons:-	Can be brutally hard if you make the wrong choices (E.g. wrong set of spells, companions, or kills the wrong person).Would rate it 9/10. The game has everything, but can be quite a challenge if you make a lot of wrong choices.My Experience:Personally i have restarted my journey one time, as the first time i played i had to figure out what spells, companions and combinations of melee, ranged, magic i wanted. This game is not plug and play, and i would say it is more difficult in classic mode (normal) from the beginning then Divinity Orginal Sin EE Classic mode. You are very early on forced to look for scraps, craft gear and prepare yourself as mutch as possible in order to progress through combat. Combat is even more brutal this time around as the new magic and physical armor will prevent you from CC your enemies until it is destroyed.The game rewards you for hard work, but you will have to work hard from very early on. Good Luck!"
,Recommended,435150,35040815,Posted: 18 September,all,NitroSoldierX,"In this game, you have:DriveChallengeFullfillmentExcitmentFreedomLearningChoiceConsequenceWonderand the list goes on....for awhile.AWHILE!I can think of 4 legendary games of the early 2000's, games that help set the foundation to gaming and its take off over a decade ago. These games of the past are a staple to our [gaming community] foundation. Though apparently forgotten by history if I judged soley at the sore site of 90% of AAA game developers today..  Thes dev's of Divinity OSII, Larian Studios did not forget what gaming was and still is suppose to be.I don't know if resemblance was intentional but I can't help but think of a few games that this game reminds me of however, often I don't hold it to that and because I just want to play Diviniy II, as Divinity II. I wont describe it (being the games it resembles and the game itself) because I feel that takes away from the spectacular creation that is Divinity Original Sin II, after all. the creators have no doubt been influenced, but in the best ways ever possible.  They took glorious ancient concepts and with a few unique features I've only see them do, and make it all their own. Plus it is a game you will have enjoyed 10 to 100 if not 1000 times more if you just go in. Maybe watch the first steam video like I did, but that's all I did and as a result I find something amazing.This is... the best game I have played in over a decade.And by the time I'm done with it. Which will be awhile- I am looking forward to say, it is the best game, I have played, ever. I will edit my review then, and untill then-I just have to give it a thumbs up.10/10"
,Recommended,435150,35131665,Posted: 22 September,all,IAmPattyJack,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is one of the best RPG experiences I’ve ever had, but it has a few imperfections that could lessen the experience for others.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC2Q9fy8MB4Having played and greatly enjoyed the first game, this sequel takes most of the ideas and dials them up to 11, which is exactly what I want out of an RPG experience.The amount of choice involved in most scenarios is astonishing, I feel like there are at least three ways to finish the majority of quests with many of the possibilities depending on your character, finding secrets or just getting a crazy idea in your head that you want to try.I’d go as far to say that Divinity: Original Sin 2 is the closest I’ve ever come to a D&D tabletop experience in a video game (excluding Tabletop Simulator).If you’ve played a top-down RPG before most of the concepts will feel familiar. You create your character, recruit a party (or not if you are hardcore like that) and explore the world presented to you.Most locations, or indeed virtually every corner of the various world areas have something interesting to do or uncover. There is so much to do and see in fact that it would be difficult, if not impossible to see it all on the first playthrough. Some of this is due to certain choices and experiences being locked to specific character races or abilities. An undead, elven thief will have a very different experience than a human mage because they will both be able to find secrets, get to areas or interact with the world in ways the other could not.Personally I love this part of the game, it feels like something you could have a blast talking with others about at the water cooler at work, with each person having something completely different to tell. The drawback is that for players that don’t have time for more than one playthrough, some of the content will never be seen by them. This is a problem that many developers face when making branching stories, but I’m happy Larian decided to go balls deep with it.The combat in Divinity: Original Sin 2 is something I’m torn about. On the one hand it has just as many possibilities as the quests in how you complete encounters. You can fight most enemies straight up, or find alternative, cheesy tactics to take them out such as teleporting them off ledges, setting everything (literally everything) on fire or simply charming them to become non-hostile while you beat them to a pulp.The issue I have with the combat comes down to A.I behaviour and I believe this is due to the amount of options I just mentioned. Often times there is so much going on during a fight and so many abilities active that it seems to throw the A.I through a loop and sometimes makes them act wonky. During some fights a boss character would use a very powerful ability to wipe out the entire party in a couple turns, upon reloading they would sometimes forget about that power completely which makes the combat feel like luck of the draw.This can be very frustrating and I believe it is the reason behind many of the complaints about difficulty. Unpredictable difficulty spikes are much more infuriating than a set difficulty level.It’s a bit of a double edged sword in that the amount of choice for your party is great and lets you be overpowered from the get-go, but this can also work in the favour of the enemies.There are glitches and bugs present in the game. Things like items becoming invisible, characters doing wonky poses and other minor visual irks will happen in a game of this size. There have also been reports of major, game-breaking bugs including memory leaks after the first portion of the game. I have not personally experienced these but it does seem slightly widespread.The campaign mode includes a built in four player co-op mode for those that can get a party together. You can do any amount of players up to a full party of four and it supports drop-in co-op, so you can keep playing even if your friends are all working that night or whatever the case may be. This works very well and is a better experience as a whole when there are others to share moments with. It also makes managing the loot system easier as you will only be micro-managing one or two characters instead of a full party.Divinity: Original Sin 2 also includes a full set of modding and construction tools for people to make their own worlds, stories and quests. There have already been some released on the Steam Workshop and it seems like upcoming user content is going to be of very high quality.The other mode built into the game is the Game Master mode, which is oriented at D&D groups. The Game Master of the group can set up some basic story slides and locations on a map, then load into these locations and place NPCs, items, environmental effects and more on the fly while the group plays. It’s a neat idea for role-playing groups but I would like to see it expanded upon further. The GM is supposed to voice all the characters it seems, but it would be nice to be able to add dialogue options and other things to some of the NPCs in this mode.Overall, Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a wonderful experience for those that enjoy choice and role-playing. It immerses you in the world and makes it feel like an open ended sandbox while still offering solid story. Some may become frustrated with the combat as the A.I has a lot to deal with, but the majority of the game works fantastic.If you found this review helpful, feel free to follow my curator page to see every game I cover.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/iampattyjack#curation"
,Recommended,435150,35065250,Posted: 19 September,all,Canspo,"I love this game, but it terrifies me the amount of time I can play it without stopping.Just the other day I started playing at 7pm and after what seemed like a few hours I looked down at my hands and noticed that they were considerably more wrinkled than before. I looked in a mirror and saw that I'd aged 60 years, my jowls sagged, leathery eyelids hung heavy over my now grey faded eyes. I looked outside and saw the changed world. The people wore such strange clothing, some wore suits of purple fur with their faces painted into crude animal caricatures, other people wore shoes on their hands and gloves on their feet, but nothing else. The world had changed so much, how long had I been playing Divinity? A single tear rolled down my cheek as flying automobiles whiz by my window.Anyway the point is this game is fantastic and addictive"
76561198263877810,Recommended,435150,35055551,Posted: 18 September,all,MrToon316,"Wow. Just, wow. Buy this game."
,Recommended,435150,35026877,Posted: 17 September,all,DaZeus,amazing game!
76561198050838268,Recommended,435150,35051545,Posted: 18 September,all,finished_adventure_capitalist,"this is literally the first RPG I've enjoyed in the past 10 years. Alone or with friends, it's hecking amazing. Jesus Christ"
,Recommended,435150,34950827,Posted: 14 September,all,psyrius,Game of the year. Mark my words! I am now 29 years old and I have played games in my whole life and this is definitly one of the best games I have played if not the best.
76561198019317572,Recommended,435150,34856300,Posted: 10 September,all,`discoBiscuit,"Just finished the Alpha Release - all the way up to the boat point, and you cannot progress any further and get kicked out to the menu. I am seriously considering getting the first Divinity, but with only a few days left to wait for the release of 2 (I hope) I may just wait it out.Really great mechanics, the dialogue is my favorite. Characters have dimension in this game, even ones that are first-time interaction. I'm sure there will be lapses in some of the characters in the full release, but I am hopeful. Combat is really fantastic, the amount of spells available is quite a lot, and apparently at release we'll have more. It can be an alchemical process, like you could light yourself on fire, then bless that fire and it will apply health regeneration. Things like that.The only thing I didn't like, since I didn't start with a few pals that already have the game, I cannot play on their multiplayer save, and they can only play on my singleplayer save, as in, the only can choose my character. Although, I could give them control of one or two, three characters.--Will update upon release--"
,Recommended,435150,35022685,Posted: 17 September,all,Rosko,"Im new to the whole CRPG, but oh my god.This game is amazing, if you're looking for something addicting to make you avoid sleeping/wanting to go to work.You got so many choices and every choice you make affects you in the game.I find it challenging even on the normal difficulty.And this game literally keeps you excited for the entire gameplay.10/10."
76561198004117959,Recommended,435150,35091622,Posted: 20 September,all,Deathhydrax,"So im 18 hours into the game so far. Running two campaigns, one solo and one with a buddy of mine. I'm a huge fan of Dungeons and Dragons, I have a group that plays every week, and for the days when I'm not playing, this is the game that will scratch that itch.There is so much to say about the game even in the small amount I've played, but the long and the short of it is that the sheer amount of choice it gives you is incredible. Already between my two campaigns I've seen large changes between interactions with characters, different quests, and different class combos. I'm very excited to see everything this game has to offer.And as a final point, I can't believe that this is an Indie game. In my opinion, this is as entertaining as almost any triple A I've played in the last fair while. I believe anyone who enjoys the fantasty/adventure/D&D genre will enjoy this game, absolutely worth the buy!"
76561198035700165,Recommended,435150,35016030,Posted: 16 September,all,Spamsgood,hey you... yes YOU! why are you wasting time looking at all these positive reviews when you could be having a positive experience playing this masterpeice? seriously... its that good... ive spent about 5 hours in the game now and barely scratched the surfice..join us and acsend to Godhood.
76561197970587718,Recommended,435150,35152149,Posted: 23 September,all,Major_Mistake,vast improvement over D:OS1. I like it alot!
76561198099779980,Recommended,435150,35120910,Posted: 21 September,all,exTenor,"116 hours (60 in EA) have passed, still didnt complete the story. Best RPG experience in my life."
76561198039677149,Recommended,435150,34970264,Posted: 15 September,all,Anri,Much more than anything I could hope for from this genre..just amazing !
76561198021508100,Recommended,435150,34959494,Posted: 14 September,all,WULFSON2.0,"Like most people here, Ive played early access build when it first released. Now , one year later Im playing the full release version. Not only have the developers kept in close contact with the player base over the course of time, but have delivered a solid, triple aaa rpg experience that will be remembered for years to come. This not only surpasses all DOS games but deserves a place among the best cRPGs, if not, RPGS as a whole.There is SOOOO much to do.The only thing that the game suffers from is so much quests at once. Personally, I do not like having 5 active quests to start off with when stepping into a world I know very little of.  If you are a streamer, I advize not to even look at the log and do whatever you want, which in most cases, you can!Dont like that NPC? You can kill him . Dont like the guards guarding the castle? Kill em! A lot of what you do has a consequence though! That, too me is what makes a grand rpg experience.Graphics are solid, music memorable and the sound effects grand. Characters are likeable and even the voice overs are the best heard in a rpg ive heard in a long time!!! (Since Dragon Age Origins).There is a slight learning curve so give some patience at first knowing the quests and just go out there and make some npc friends . :PTwo thumbs up Larian!"
,Recommended,435150,35045885,Posted: 18 September,all,Litanah,"I'm a gamer who's childhood is rooted deep in the 1990's. I have seen the gaming industry explode into the amazing beast that it is today. I remember playing some super immersive RPG games (on paper, on a board and on a computer) and Divinity Origial Sin II just encapsulates all three!So far it has been fully voice acted. Shown off challenging yet satisfying combat mechanics. Displayed gorgeous graphics and absolutely sucked me right into what is an amazing world.This game won't be for everyone. It plays at a steady pace that would go well with a relaxed warm coffee and yet it still manages to grip the player and ensure that they feel invested in each and every character, NPC and quest line in the game.Right now, this is my favourite game of 2017!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe6FTCt_fRs"
76561197968205942,Recommended,435150,35049909,Posted: 18 September,all,THERE,"Amazing Old school RPG with extremely well-crafted modern graphics while keeping all of the craziness and ingenuity that older PC Rpgs offered. Worth every penny. Highly Highly recommended, don't pirate!"
76561198051866757,Recommended,435150,35003400,Posted: 16 September,all,FORCE-OF-NATURE,"As someone who played the first game (also a RPG masterpiece in almost every regard) I fully recommend this game as it has improved in every conceivable way from the original. Of all the RPG's I've played (Elder Scrolls, Dragon Age, Witcher, KOTOR, Mass Effect, etc) this is the only game I can say has true and absolute freedom. The diversity and posibilities are endless making replayabilty not only valid but also incredibly unique and fun. The characters are fantastic and I am taken aback at how differently NPC's reacts to each one of your companions and your own created character depending on traits and race. With beautiful graphics, engaging lore, fantastic devs, a perfected co-op, and the ever-interesting world of Rivellon to explore I hope to see this game live on as legendary new standard for role playing games.Also my low hours count is because I played the early access not on steam"
,Recommended,435150,35053688,Posted: 18 September,all,Napfkuchen!,"Just a few Hours into it, but I love the first game and they improved so much things it feels perfect.Totally recomend this game to all people loving slow paced, tactical RPGs and Pen and Paper RPG."
76561197964003004,Recommended,435150,35053746,Posted: 18 September,all,hartar.j2,"What can i say that evrybody else has already did said? This is absolute a amazing game. Alot of replay value, tons o options, so many quest, even more if you have pet pal.I cant give enough praise for this game."
76561197995510473,Recommended,435150,35054928,Posted: 18 September,all,Combo Breaker,"As far as RPGs are concerned this lands in my top 5. It ticks all the boxes. The writing, characters, combat, environments(man the environments! Double Rainbow!), voice acting. A rich, detailed and beautiful world. The game sets you loose right away with many different options for handling every situation. This creates a true sense of freedom. Give this game your undivided attention and take your time with it and you will be rewarded greatly! A true work of art!"
76561198039229433,Recommended,435150,35055104,Posted: 18 September,all,jjmalyen,"10/10 Beautiful, immersive and Fun!Perfect!... GOTY for sure.. Oh well... Goodbye life again...The more I play, the more I love it.... Masterpiece!"
76561197964293215,Recommended,435150,35072880,Posted: 19 September,all,m4rt14n,NPC said Shriekers will insta-kill you on sight.Went and pass in front of them anyway.Died a horrible death.10/10 would pass in front of Shriekers again...
76561198010188226,Recommended,435150,35073051,Posted: 19 September,all,Ouroboros,"Stole a nail by mistake, initiated world war 3I really needed that nail, would ww3 again"
76561197993946470,Recommended,435150,35053725,Posted: 18 September,all,parlance,"This is the sequel to the best CRPG ever made, and it is the new best CRPG ever made. What more do you want to know?"
,Recommended,435150,35059629,Posted: 19 September,all,Bwueno,*froths at the mouth*
,Recommended,435150,35119880,Posted: 21 September,all,Diddle Schnitz,"20 Hour Review20 hours into Divinity: Original Sin 2 and I feel like I haven't even finished 1% of the game yet! I will update this review down the road! So far...Larian has outdone themselves again!-Engrossing storytelling, dialogue and voice acting-Bottomlessly diverse combat systems-A sprawling and vibrant world that beckons for exploration-The complete absence of ""Go here, Go there"" style questing-Choice and consequence system like no other-Nearly absolute freedom to choose your character (s) fate-Everything you ever hoped for in an RPGI have to say I'm not a fan of turn-based combat games and it was almost what turned me off from trying the first Divinity: Original Sin... but if that is your one bugaboo with this game I would highly recommend giving it a chance, the combat is just so incredible! There seems to always be more to learn! Thanks for reading, I will definitely update this review after more time in-game!"
,Recommended,435150,35335549,Posted: 30 September,all,EvilPlueschtier,Divinity Original Sin 2 is a game that doesn´t even need to be reviewed.JUSTBUYITNAU
76561198055126391,Recommended,435150,34781085,Posted: 6 September,all,bickusdickus,As things look this is going to be the best RPG to come out since 2009s DA:O
,Recommended,435150,34778488,Posted: 6 September,all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"EA that i played was only the very first chapter or area, yet it gave me several hours of playtime, its complex, its fun, doesnt hold your hand at all and has several ways to go about the encounters.If you enjoyed any of Larians previous games, this ones a must."
,Recommended,435150,35232225,Posted: 26 September,all,WTWR Zydrate,"This is one of those games I wasn’t really hyped for or interested in for a long time despite it haunting my wishlist for a while. At first it looked like a Diablo clone set in Divinity’s universe which would have been enough for me. Instead, it became more of an older school Baldur’s Gate/Icewind Dale type game with a bit of an XCOM flair to it. There’s many comparisons to be made but funnily enough, the game evokes the feeling of Morrowind and its general open endedness. It is a pleasant surprise.Y’see, in Morrowind, you could literally kill anyone. Even the self-proclaimed living god Vivec. You’d be met with a type of error message telling you to reload or “continue in the doomed world you have created”. However DOS2 here actually doesn’t care who you kill, because progress can be found on journals, diaries, or keys on anyone’s body.Character creation is a fun process. Not a lot on the physical customization because you mostly just play through a tiny avatar through most of the game, but the nuances come in the skillsets and “Origin” characters. You can customize your own but the game comes with about five of their own, and mercifully you can customize their actual class so you can change the Enchantress’s build to suit your personal playstyle (mine being rogue/assassin like people) regardless of how she usually starts as a default NPC.Choosing one of them may be to your benefit as they get extra dialogues and experiences. I chose Lohse, an entertainer/bard type girl who once met a dwarf she was familiar with and despite the grim surroundings, had a bit of a musical duet together for about fifteen seconds and it was quite a sight to see. You’d miss such an interaction if you went just for a personal custom character.The game begins on a prison ship, and Act 1 is placed on the prison island altogether. I didn’t like the idea of being shackled for a while but the game does a great job of giving you plenty to do in what is essentially the game’s over extended tutorial. The amount of freedom I was able to acquire was staggering, even in the confines of the ship itself which is only the first twenty minutes of the game or so. In it, I could bash down doors, find a secret key for some extra loot, and even backtracked to murder a guard that was rude to me earlier, after♥♥♥♥♥♥had hit the fan. It was awesome, and in that moment the game took me.There’s a guy named “Griff”, the inmate who essentially ‘controls’ the other inmates, even going so far as protection rackets and food supplies (he runs the kitchen). There was a chestpiece called “Griff’s Shirt” on the ground, and he’s flanked by another vendor who occasionally patrols away.  On a hunch, I decided to sneak behind him when that happened and steal his shirt. It worked! The item’s blurb says “It was Griff’s. Now it’s yours.” Then I saw the patrolling vendor run over yelling “Thief! There’s a criminal about!” I just ran off, not wanting to test the game’s impressive AI to see if it could find me as the thief if I lingered in the area too long. I returned later, wearing his shirt and nobody was the wiser (which may in itself be a weaker point in the AI).There will be some spoilers for Act 1, though my actions are hardly the only ones you can take.To continue on the same line of how insane this game is with options, with the help of one of my online friends… They led me to getting my collar removed, to which I was thrown into a dungeon for that. I don’t know how non-thieves get out of that but I was able to lockpick my way out, retrieve my gear, find a waypoint which allowed the transport of my teammates into the dungeon itself and we… proceeded to absolutely demolish the guards from the inside out. We basically cleared the island. It was great.There are so many nuances to the game that aren’t outwardly apparent. You may notice as you traverse the landscape that your characters will get a variety of buffs like “wet” and “warm” which might turn to your detriment in combat when enemies cast spells to take advantage of those. The game is littered with oil spills, blood splatters, firey explosions and puddles. Each one can be affected by a spell type. One time, I had my mage set some enemies on fire but when it turned out to be to my detriment (my melee characters couldn’t reach some of the enemies), I had her cast “rain” which didn’t just put the fires out, but actually creates a smoke screen which limited the enemies’ vision.So many enemies use a spell to summon a slick of oil then promptly set it on fire. They’re not idiots.Combat in this game does an excellent job of making sure you’re both aware of your surroundings, and then actually capitalizing on it.There’s more to it the nuances than your combat. I was speaking to a lizard-raced bodyguard in a cave who was very standoffish to my own character. On another hunch based on some of this guy’s dialog, I switched to a different party member and spoke with him again. I switched to Ifan, an ex-soldier. Being a soldier himself, the lizard-man actually respected Ifan more and had more dialog to give and even had an extra discount on the few wares he sold.Most of my RPG life is spent in the perspective of my own, and it is a bit refreshing to see that exploring other personalities is typically rewarded here.As I said, I’ve only played through most of Act 1 so I do not have the full picture as far as the game will give me, but I am excited to find out, and more excited to the fact that there isn’t much I can get overtly wrong here.If I had a complaint, it’d be the same complaint I have in many open world RPG’s. At a certain point my quest log gets bogged down by errands and scavenger hunts and it’s hard to tell which ones will be worth my time and what wouldn’t be. It’s also the one thing I feel I can actually get wrong - after having most of Act 1 down I still find myself with more than a few side quests, like finding a woman’s missing child and I’m not sure if I’ll be missing out on any potential rewards if I just give up and move on in the story.It’s a minor point to be sure considering the freedom the game is able to give you.There’s so many other side stories I could give. Like how my multiplayer friend had the only pet pal perk, spoke to some dogs and then I ran back towards them and they all went hostile. Or how my dwarf teammate met up with an old friend and had a chuckle. Or what the pet pal perk even does, talking to dogs is just pure gold. Many other stories to be had and I can’t wait to hear others."
76561198023519631,Recommended,435150,35058557,Posted: 18 September,all,Psytric,"An absolutely stellar game.  One of the best cRPGs in years, with, in my opinion, the best combat system ever.Pros:- Excellent writing- Great voice-acting- Absolutely spectactular combat- Huge variation in character development- Multiple ways to accomplish just about any task- Tons of hidden gems secreted away throughout your journeys- A number of innovative systems, like the Physical/Magical armor system, companions whose class you can choose when they join your party, and many others- Great coop experience- Well executed battlefield construction - high ground, cover are very important concepts to utilize in combat with serious bonuses- Fantastic AI - Enemies and friends alike don't blunder through dangerous terrain, enemies use battlefield to great effect.  They will be your primary teachers as you learn how to fight.- Very prettyCons:- Huge character variability inevitably leads to steep learning curves for some encounters- Similarly variety will make you want to reroll and start over several times until you're happy with a party- AoE and surface generation can make it difficult to use classic magic user strategy. Friendly AoE generally owns party members as much as enemies- Some matchups can be brutal depending on your composition - Is your party mostly magic/poison damage?  Better hope you don't face undead...  Have mostly melee champs?  Those archers are going to ruin you...- Still a number of bugs, though mostly not gamebreaking and fixes are actively being worked on by Larian StudiosAll in all,  you can't go wrong with this one.  Just an absolutely wonderful game, a real ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 4am"" experience that will infiltrate your dreams and daydreams."
76561198015120270,Recommended,435150,35075501,Posted: 19 September,all,Mixpiqz,"Totally amazed by everything in this game!Great detail, awesome stories and fun battles.Been playing both solo and co-op, both ways are fun."
76561198155846264,Recommended,435150,35077578,Posted: 19 September,all,Dirty Harry,I haven't ever really been a fan of turn based games but this definitely isn't just a turned base game.. I've been blown away by how easy it is to get lost in this wonderful world. Well done Larian Studios... Well done.
76561198005003883,Recommended,435150,35172939,Posted: 24 September,all,Razz,"didn't like the first one, but this is just great!"
,Recommended,435150,34986039,Posted: 15 September,all,Nyx,"Some things to point out:- You can play arena mode to fight against your friends and even the AI.-  If that isn't enough there are also user generated campaigns and game master mode, which is really a mode bringing the pen and paper Dungeons and Dragons onto a more digital media.The game is great and I enjoy playing this with friends, anyone looking for an RPG turn-based combat similar to the tabletop game Dungeons and Dragons should play this."
,Recommended,435150,34986210,Posted: 15 September,all,CouchSniffer,"Havent played this game more than under 2 hours. Waiting for my friends to get online and hopefully we can start this grand adventure. I played the ""intro"" but I loved it. I also caught a glimpse of the first place which was marvellous and pleasing to the eyes. The game has solid structure and really feels like a pen and paper game that should be played either alone or with friends, it doesnt matter you will immerse yourself in a hopefully vast world. I will update this review as I got, but so far talking to a dog and listening to the tales some of the characters tell is simply utterly enjoyable. Sound is great, gameplay is top notch and the graphics are lovely.Get this game if you are into turn based combat, immersive world and great story!"
,Recommended,435150,35025787,Posted: 17 September,all,Naughtius_Maximus,YES.
,Recommended,435150,35078341,Posted: 19 September,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂   ㄒ卄丨匚,"Most wonderful thing I've ever laid my hands upon - 10/10.I have spent less than 24 hours outside of it since it released.Please send help, this game is so ridiculously addictive and immersing I am neglecting my actual life."
,Recommended,435150,34985918,Posted: 15 September,all,Cal,"Super fun, super in-depth, fully voice acted, made by an indie dev that cares and probably my favorite strategy game since x-com.Quite a few ways to accomplish your goals reminiscent of Deus Ex.Multiplayer is just icing on the cake, very sweet and elaborate icing."
76561198040948288,Recommended,435150,34986135,Posted: 15 September,all,Seafood Disco,"Me and a friend played the first game for dozens of hours, and loved it. When enhanced edition came out, we did it again. Now this is oout and so far, it is even better than DOS1. Great game, especially when played with a good friend."
76561198005547564,Recommended,435150,34986187,Posted: 15 September,all,Sick,i played 70 hrs in early access it was that good. i own other games that i haven't played near that long that were the final product. the developers put a lot of love into the game.
,Recommended,435150,35075592,Posted: 19 September,all,Magrock,"Larian Studios. Well done. Well done indeed. This is how you make a game. You can see the love they have put in to this. Something else than your generic shooters(hi cod) or other watered down games with microtransactions. This game is truly, truly great."
76561198042367247,Recommended,435150,35076054,Posted: 19 September,all,Freewinds,"Completed act 1 three times now, and have just completed the game.For me, the first 2 acts were really great. Lots to explore, fun battles and many choices to make, all of which felt like they were important. Character creation and leveling was great fun, as could build however you wanted. I really didnt like my character at the start and was thinking about restarting, but after I started getting gear that improved my other scores, and let me learn spells from other schools of magic I started to really love it, in the end having a Elementalist Staff wielder, making for great moments of being able to summon ice storms and lazor beams.However, it all goes downhill near the end. Arx is where the final act takes place, and looks very promising at first. That is until you have to spend many many hours searching for anything to move your quests along, or spoil it all by looking at a walkthrough.(Spoilers!) I think many will agree with me that finding Arhu is the hardest part in the game, not because its a good puzzle, but because you get so little infomation to go on. Gave up so many times, and ended up just killing people to try and find any clues, such as the toymaker, which I was trying to avoid. Hopefully they change the final act and make it easier to find clues.The final battle for me was rather anticlimatic as well, after which I had to make a choice. It was all very abrupt, and just well, happened, not much of a build up or anything. Others may have found it better than me though.All in all, a very good game until the final act, and one I would still advice playing."
,Recommended,435150,35077501,Posted: 19 September,all,HolyHandGrenade,i love everything about this game
,Recommended,435150,35078267,Posted: 19 September,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"Excellent writing, great narrator, addicting gameplay.  A very hard game but once you are familiar with the mechanics of the game and spend time to level up a bit its managable.  Time will fly when you play this, be warned.  Still very fun even if you solo, can't comment on co-op. Game ran fine, no crashes even after 30 hrs.  Does support Ultra wide and graphics improved a touch over part 1.  Gears are  varied and shows great detail when equipped.  Good replayability as there are plenty of classes to choose from and you won't always get same results as your previous playthrough.  I restarted couple times and few missions i had different result but can't pinpoint why.  If you loved the first, this is a no brainer."
76561198120955215,Recommended,435150,35052148,Posted: 18 September,all,traughdaddy,I haven't been this balls deep into a game since........... The Witcher 3. Seriously this is the game I've been looking for to fill the void that The Witcher left inside me. It's amazing and honestly the first time in a while I can say I lost track of time playing it. Buy it now 10/10
76561198363027488,Recommended,435150,35074967,Posted: 19 September,all,Liquid_sa,i loved this game and the why it looks are fantastic and going to play more an more  (sry for my bad english)
76561198031101742,Recommended,435150,35267038,Posted: 28 September,all,BTristan,The best RPG I have played in a loooong long time. Thank you Larian Studios!
,Recommended,435150,35337474,Posted: 30 September,all,Tucan,"Scroll to bottom for summaryTo start off, I just want to say that I am really enjoying this game quite a bit. I never played the first one and I decided to take a risk for myself by purchasing this because I have not played many turn-based strategy games that I truly enjoyed/got addicted to in the past.Howeverthis game has me hooked and at the moment I can't think of hardly any reasons as to why I would stop playing it any time soon.Ok, but why?Admittedly this game is definitely not for everyone but hopefully this next part will be helpful to someone who is on the fence about it.You will likely enjoy this game if you...(note: These lists are ordered from the most to least impactful on the experience of the game in each category)Typically enjoy...     ...combatTurn-BasedStrategyCo-OpParty-BasedTacticalTypically enjoy...     ...GenresRPGAdventureFantasyOpen-WorldTypically enjoy...     ...Styles/Design ChoicesStory RichCharacter CustomizationAtmosphericGreat SoundtrackClick-to-MoveIsometric/Top-Down (Toggleable by player)If you don't fit into any of the items above then this game probably isn't for you but I would still reccomend that you consider purchasing because as I said earlier, I very rarely enjoy Turn-based strategy games but currently I am enjoying this game a lot.If based on the things mentioned above you think that youwilllike this game, then below is a list of pros & cons.Pros(not in any particular order)In-Depth Character Customization(can be re-customized fairly simply without restarting from the beginging of the game)Very well polished/detailed level designEngaging and detailed storyVibrant atmospheric environments that each have unique characteristics and/or interesting areas to exploreGreat soundtrack that fits the environments very wellMultiple ways to solve problems/complete questsRarely uses HUD elements to display your objective (immersive)(instead of showing your current objective(s) with the HUD, your quests and assignments are told directly to your character by someone you must find and interact with then your objective is writen down in the journal)Great NPC character voice actingCombat system has a very enjoyable amount of depth and skill required to fully masterAbility to interact with nearly every item/NPC in the gameIt's very easy to just start playing a co-op game and have funGood veriety of enemies, none of the enemies get overused to the point that they feel repetitiveHigh resolution textures and shadows to compliment the beautiful variety of environmentsCons(likely that some of these are bugs that will be patched later)Movement is not as elegant and simple as it could be(holding mouse1 or panning to the desired location and clicking)Using the mouse to pan or rotate the camera is jittery and hard to look at even at very high frame ratesFriendly AI in combat is poor and can make rescuing a friendly NPC in order to complete a quest feel more like a fight against the game and less like a combat scenarioSince there are sometimes very few hints as to where you need to go or who you need to talk to in order to complete a quest it can be frustrating to search an area for an extended period of time simply to complete one objectiveOccasional frame drops or inconsistency of frame times / frame rate in certain areasParty members sometimes do not move when the leader is moving until you select a different party member to lead, most commonly when changing elevation via a ladder or vine that leads to a part of the level that is currently on-screenSummary:Divinity: Original Sin 2 can provide countless hours of questing, exploring, adventuring, and monster hunting in it's beautifully designed and expansive open-world with countless areas and secrets to find throughout the entire experience which is glued together by a phenomenal soundtrack and wrapped in a cozy blanket of extrodinary storytelling.Story     10/10Graphics     9/10Gameplay     8/10Sountrack     10/10OVERALL 89/100An absolutely amazing game but I had to take a few points off points for the bothersome movement controls and the friendly AI that tries to kill itself when you are trying to save it."
,Recommended,435150,34601460,Posted: 30 August,all,legion160,"Hands down one of the best RPG's ever made, it brings back memories of Dragon Age Origins and its only ACT 1! Sept 14 can't come fast enough."
76561198035564672,Recommended,435150,35138591,Posted: 22 September,all,Daniboy19,"It's incredibly good, go ahead and buy it"
76561197997074475,Recommended,435150,35076589,Posted: 19 September,all,rstrik,"Larian should teach Bioware how to make an actual sequel.  This game is everything and more the original was, unlike Dragon Age 2 and 3.  I logged 500+ hours into D:OS, fully expect this to be more of the same and yes that is great!"
76561197985584715,Recommended,435150,35103852,Posted: 21 September,all,Siruss,I could write a book about the great things in this game. Most of it has been said so I'll sum it up.. Game of the Year. Hands down. I got frustrated with DOS1 and thought I'd just toss this game around when I was in the mood... nope. Can't put it down.
76561198019582727,Recommended,435150,34978816,Posted: 15 September,all,KingMoogle,"Awesome game. I don't leave reviews for games often, but this one deserves it. I can see myself putting 100s of hours into this. Each sitting I have put 6 hours into it easily and it never feels like enough! The game does  agreat job of rewarding you for your time and effort."
76561197995801333,Recommended,435150,35021075,Posted: 17 September,all,briancourt2,"Was hesitant becasue of the turn based combat.  But thought hey XCOM was ""turn based"" just the like.This game is really well done.  Sure one might actually have to read a few things, but if you like some elements of old RPG games with todays world of graphics, this is an awesome game.  The choices are well thought through, with many options available based on who is simply talking.  It is not a click anywhere type of choice, as you don't get to go back and chose the right path after failing the 3 bad choices.  In that regard the game pace is slowed down. Battles take time to rethink and strategize.   Sometimes you just are not ready, and you need to find better equipment.  The combat systems is pretty much about putting out more damage than the other team can heal and deliver back.  If you ventured into a higher level, there is a good chance you will simly die.  That challange makes it hard to figure out, if you have not found the right strategy or if you need to wait.  Great game.  Well done.  At first I thought I would wait for a sale, but it is worht the price."
76561198282656958,Recommended,435150,35029491,Posted: 17 September,all,evocatis,"Fantastic game-  attention to details, story line, and choices matter."
76561198039366749,Recommended,435150,35332010,Posted: 30 September,all,Ihnspyre,"This is a cRPG done right:-  awesome graphics-  fantastic combat and background mechanics-  a lot of freedom-  nice voice acting-  very nice soundtrackThe game is a must buy, Larian did almost everything right in the production department, they listened to critics from the first game, they responded positively to suggestions from fans and worked a lot to improve their game.This game is exactly that, a very WELL MADE cRPG BUT it lacks a few things that some cRPG fans love about the genre.Firstly, nothing you see in this game is especially interesting from an artistic point of view. The maps are quite big and full of quests and things to do but there aren't too many WAH moments where you can just admire the artistic design of the map. They are mostly FUNCTIONAL and full of content but uninteresting. While games like Baldur's Gate or Pillars of Eternity have awesome dungeon designs, awesome towns (Twin Elms etc.) and fantastic visual landscapes, D:OS 2 has classic maps with meh design and a lot of secrets.Most of the game has a lighthearted style of writing, classic personalities for characters, kind of boring lore and story. There aren't too many memorable moments throughout the game (I got very close to the end of the game before getting bored of it on another shared account, bought it for Larian deserved support and future updates + multiplayer) and it really does nothing special except for the combat and mechanics (which are great!). The thing is that we are used to cRPGs full of bugs or questionable developer attitude and when an RPG like D:OS 2 comes out, without a lot of bugs, with a lot of content and fantastic gameplay, well, we tend to overrate it.The humour was okay, not good and not bad. The party dynamics is not as good as Pillars of Eternity and that cRPG is more suitable for my taste (with complex lore and story, a lot of party interaction, fantastic artistic design and soundtrack).Overall, Larian deserve a lot of support for being awesome hardworking devs but not for imagination, originality or artistic skills."
76561198017763075,Recommended,435150,34997464,Posted: 16 September,all,ShaggyF,So far its a blast. Going to start over as I expect many will.Get a feel for the game then reroll to get a character more tuned the way you want to play :)
,Recommended,435150,34969835,Posted: 15 September,all,JHigg,"If you enjoyed old school RPGs like Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights, you will love this game. Extremely polished. Support this devloper."
76561198024709259,Recommended,435150,34978499,Posted: 15 September,all,Diabetus,"I purchased this game the moment it went into early access. Over the last year I have peaked in and out to see what Larian Studios added and/or removed. To my surprise, every time I took a peak the world, characters, game mechanics, and story were all better than the last time I played.Now that we are at release, I can say with the utmost certainty that Larian Studios has done a masterful job. Though I am only in Fort Joy, the level of polish and player choice is unlike anything I have played in recent memory. This is a studio that deserves recognition as not only did they keep all of the promises they made during their kickstarter campaign, but they also added so much more (Voice Acting, All Undead Races, Controller Support).Congratulations, Larian Studios. You were amongst my top developers before this, and based on what I have played, you may have caught up to CD Projekt Red. Well done!"
76561198069824827,Recommended,435150,35332755,Posted: 30 September,all,RGX,game is awsome!!
76561198202712983,Recommended,435150,35195997,Posted: 24 September,all,peter.vanlil,"* Sorry for the errors I'll type, English isn't my native language (at all...)Well, Larian did it again! I bought Divine Divivnity when it was released with a thought of ""meh, at least it's an RPG""... and was overwhelmed! Beyond Diviity was good, but I was a bit disappointed compared to DD. Eco Draconis was good. And DOS was: WOW!!!!Now I'm overwhelmed again wit DOS:2! It's really (really, really, really) good!!! Some complain about the story (again...), but It's truly epic, much darker compared to DOS (maybe a little too much..) and still has really funny moments (the mother of the sadistic faceripper, anyone? :D). I say go back to Baldur's Gate (still a good game, though...)  on your Windows 98 PC, an overpriced Torment II or POE, if you don't like it... This game has a lot of choices and the combats can be frustrating (or challenging if you prefer :)), and asks for a restart...BUT, I think it's sad you have to go look up for a walkthrough for some quests, some hints would be good... (not obvious hints, but some directions for the puzzles would be okay...)Anyway, good job Larian!!!!I'm proud a Belgian company made one of the best RPG's ever (yup, I wrote that!).In my books it's the best game since Arcanum: of steamworks and magic, and means a lot!!! (was my best RPG before DOS:2), it's better than Pillars of Eternity, Baldur's Gate, Torment I and other so-called RPG's of the year (Yup, I said that too...)I"
76561198010662824,Recommended,435150,35354231,Posted: 30 September,all,Zumax,"Difficult, beautiful, immersive, Divinity Original Sin 2 managed to overcome the first in all respects. The inclusion of voices in dialogue left everything even better. I recommend to all who like old rpgs."
76561197979944294,Recommended,435150,35382699,Posted: 1 October,all,MrK,"Real fun to play with friends, even solo. Great RPG. You can do pretty much whatever or go wherever you want. Graphics, soundtracks are awesome. Hard combats can turn out easy with a proper strategy, there are a lot of possibilities.I'd really recommend this game to any RPG's fan."
,Recommended,435150,35363163,Posted: 30 September,all,GiveMeaGf6969,"Absolutely exceptional. Extremely immersive, the combat is really fun. It's just everything great about RPG games all in one. Can't recommend this enough."
76561198328686407,Recommended,435150,34791644,Posted: 7 September,all,My balls on your forehead,"This is dope. These guys know how to produce a good RPG, no doubt."
,Recommended,435150,35249066,Posted: 27 September,all,Sniter,"This is the best ""old school"" (no more) rpg I've played, considering the fist rpg I've played was Baldurs Gate 2.You are so free in what you do, and in how you prepare for combat.The only ""bad"" thing is that you can't tell your god/godess how much of manipulative b*** they are being and to f' off (I'm still in the start of the seconf act but I have my suspicious), and there are some forced naive/greedy dialoge to related to the main story.Seriously if you like RPG's buy this game!-Every dialoge! and lots of miscellaneous stuff is voice acted exceptionaly well.-There is a ginormous amount to do, but it doesn't feel like an endless quests treee, more like steps and things to discover.-Great worldbuilding with a rich easly to understand history.-You don't miss out on any race specific interaction with your main characther, if you find the shapeshifter mask in act 1 early on,-Great ""main characters"" lore and personal goals/troubles.-GREAT COMBAT-GREAT GAME MASTER SYSTEM-GREAT GAME10/10Larian Studios	did I great job and I'am happy Kickstarte exist because of this."
76561198048551748,Recommended,435150,35246638,Posted: 27 September,all,Harivdee,What can I say about this game. If you like this genre then its a no brainer.If you dont like this genre or the lore/style I would ask to reconsider.Try Path of Exile which is free and if you're have the least amount of fun on that game that means you will have 1000x fun in this one.So many game modes and possibilities this game shows great promise and at a tremendous quality.10/10.
76561197976480953,Recommended,435150,35357375,Posted: 30 September,all,d o p a t w o,Totally worth it. Huge game and attention to detail
,Recommended,435150,34950009,Posted: 14 September,all,『Dough』,"It was an early access game that did not feel like an early access game at all. I kept trying to stop myself from playing so I could enjoy the game as a whole on its full release, but damn it was tough and I ended up putting 11 hours into it.I will eventually update the review once the full game comes out. I just can't wait to spend hours on this, and I am also very excited for the Game Master mode.Edit: The voice acting is god damn good. I can't imagine playing this without the VA now.The combat is very interesting and very rewarding. You have to play smart and position yourself well. The fights are very difficult at the very beginning but as time goes on the game gets easier as you start to know how what you are doing. Utilising every members of the party and creating big combos never felt more satisfying.The story so far is great. The pacing is good and the story itself is quite dark. Helps when you have interesting party members (who are also quite insane).I haven't even gotten my hand on Game Master mode yet (my main reason for buying this game) or the Arena. There are just so much you can do in this game. If you are a fan of RPG game, this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,435150,35406373,Posted: 1 October,all,doro,and you thought rivellon was flat
76561198053235061,Recommended,435150,35094168,Posted: 20 September,all,Joshwaz,good game
76561198130397036,Recommended,435150,34854050,Posted: 9 September,all,Renegade994,"Already a phenomenal game, even in early access I encountered a bug maybe twice, and even at that it was not enough to take away from the amazing amount of fun and enjoyment I received from just the first 14 hours I played. Combat is deep and cinematic, both punishing and rewarding. Your party has their own fascinating stories and personalities, and the world your playing in feels chaotic and on the brink of complete anarchy. Its shaping up to be an excellent game, Im already finding myself both wanting more, and eagerly awaiting the September 14th release. The talent behind this game is beyond most developers of the day, and if you love Diablo, Baldur's Gate or similar RPG's this is a must have for your library, without a shadow of a doubt."
76561197977715501,Recommended,435150,35315236,Posted: 29 September,all,have_gun_will_travel,Pro-everythingCon-can't buy it again
76561198005863244,Recommended,435150,25681905,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Shenzing,"This is everything you loved about the first game, and a lot more. I put hundreds of hours into the Original Sin, and Original Sin 2 will definitely get even more play from me. Skill combinations work way better than before. Finally I can be a truely viable Battlemage and not feel like a gimped version of a warrior and a wizard."
,Recommended,435150,35313379,Posted: 29 September,all,Zodiac,still not overwhelmingly positive !!!
,Recommended,435150,35268201,Posted: 28 September,all,dknyxh,"20 hours in, still in act 1. So much content and details. Combat is an upgrade from the first game. 10/10"
76561198105865048,Recommended,435150,34846447,Posted: 9 September,all,It Was Your Fate,"The first one was awesome, but this is phenomenal."
76561198014933915,Recommended,435150,35107992,Posted: 21 September,all,FistyMcBeard,"tremendous game, elemental mahem!"
76561198093429000,Recommended,435150,35055557,Posted: 18 September,all,corncake96,just...just get it. get it now.
,Recommended,435150,35076641,Posted: 19 September,all,Sir GristleMcThornbody,I can't even begin to say how good this game is. Just play it.
76561198368876837,Recommended,435150,35012606,Posted: 16 September,all,citizensnips,"first 10 hours and I can already tell it's one of my favorite games and especially one of the best RPGs I've played. I have never been a big fan of turn based games but this is amazing. I recommend reading PC gamers article about starting the game, it has helped me out a lot. do not try to rush through this game. take your time and explore everything. 10/10"
76561198094204462,Recommended,435150,35046228,Posted: 18 September,all,benicio del taco,What can I say that hasn't been said?Larian Studios is the best.Buy the game.
76561198040222929,Recommended,435150,35357720,Posted: 30 September,all,Wakkabanana,"thought I should share thoughtsif you were intrested in this game, get it.  90% of this game is amazing but things that drag it down are a few cornercase bugs (that have softlocked or just made me have to reset) that will probably get fixed and some really annoyingly cryptic parts as well as end of act difficulty spikes."
76561198013728428,Recommended,435150,34761905,Posted: 5 September,all,Brigador,"Brilliant tactical RPG with deep story, complete freedom and beautiful graphical engine. If you have even the slightest interest in tactical RPGs, it's that good, even in early access."
,Recommended,435150,34774507,Posted: 6 September,all,Jax,17hrs into the early access and I can't wait for the release!
,Recommended,435150,34610231,Posted: 30 August,all,Boxy,A large improvement over the first that will gives hours upon hours of enjoyment with more possibilities to come from Game master mode and day 1 modding support.
,Recommended,435150,34758402,Posted: 5 September,all,F8ckIt,Best RPG ever!Simple as that.
76561198058279935,Recommended,435150,34777177,Posted: 6 September,all,Sykes,love the game alot just as good as number one or better except one thing there is a bug thats pretty bad my companions all turn greyed out and i cant use them anymore during some battles or situations so i have to save and reload often to fix this i hope they adress this bug soon
,Recommended,435150,34767326,Posted: 5 September,all,Your Mom,Larian have done it again. Engaging story. Polished combat system. Great
76561198072998168,Recommended,435150,34758045,Posted: 5 September,all,Fred,"If you played the first game and enjoyed it even a bit, then you'll really love this one.  I've put 70 hours into the early access alone and I love everything about it.  The graphics are gorgeous, the story is intriguing and there's nothing you can't do. I usually don't like turn-based combat, but man do they make it fun here; So much thought goes into every move you make.  You have to outsmart your enemies (fantastic AI btw) by using the environment/elements to your advantage.Honestly, if you like RPG's, this is a must-buy.  I really can't recommend this one enough."
76561198314488060,Recommended,435150,34805617,Posted: 7 September,all,Jos,I have really enjoyed Divinity Original sin 2 the early access has been great. But i dont reccomend playing the early access unless your very into builds and hard mode playthroughs. Your save games dont transfer over to the full game. You would have to replay the entire first act which is around 20 hours long. You also miss out on features like voice acting the undead race and two new origin characters. So far the game is definitely a must buy if your into Rpg's and tactical combat but i still think you should wait till the full release.
76561197970802232,Recommended,435150,34948209,Posted: 14 September,all,PWNZONE,"I don't ever rate games, but this one really has a special place in my heart. I am in the military and far away from my 3 other brothers. Normally when I'm home we can play dungeons and dragons together along with my father. Though with this game the distance between us feels like nothing. We can play together all night long talking about everything but also enjoying a fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic game together. Exploring and debating on how to deal with certain situations and really role-playing any character we create together. I love this game and recommend it to everyone I come across."
76561198293740271,Recommended,435150,35397835,Posted: 1 October,all,Thievius Raccoonus,if anyone want to play add me always down
,Recommended,435150,35267158,Posted: 28 September,all,LEG,I've been gaming for over 20 years.my top 2 games of all time are The Witcher Series and Divinity original sin series.rate 11/10buy it. enjoy
76561198177767378,Recommended,435150,35268668,Posted: 28 September,all,Sir Nottingham,This game is amazing even if you don't care for CRPG's (like me) you will love this. this is in my top 3 RPS's of all time along with The Witcher 3 and Skyrim
,Recommended,435150,35094637,Posted: 20 September,all,T.Y.N,very good
,Recommended,435150,34876149,Posted: 10 September,all,WrestlerOfEast,"Game is just hands down great and amazing. I've grown weary of purchasing early access games and this is just amazing. I am not disappointed in the slightest. I've played through with a friend and still have yet to finish whats available. Fully exploring, the crafting, the interactions with everyone and everything, I cannot get over how much fun I've had with different characters, team building, skill building, crafting, story, everything about it. I cannot wait for the full release and the countless hours ahead of me."
,Recommended,435150,35036644,Posted: 17 September,all,Danski,"An absolute must have RPG!Larian has shown dedication to their fans new and old, and from that have made a incredible game.A perfect example of how to kickstart a game and run it through Early Access. The big developers need to take a page or seven from these guys' book."
,Recommended,435150,34956891,Posted: 14 September,all,voodoo420,best game since Planescape Torment. period.
,Recommended,435150,34957176,Posted: 14 September,all,Old Man River,"It's an RTS, a TTRPG, and most importantly, it's different. This doesn't feel like other games in this genre, and the differences are the best parts."
76561198004362007,Recommended,435150,31763155,Posted: 14 May,all,Gabe Newell,"Fantastic gameplay, even in an alpha state. That's the short of it, the long of it is a little more complicated.This game's got a lot to offer even in an extremely unfinished state as it is, and I'll probably change my review when the next story segment comes out and likely again when the game's released as a finished product. As it stands, without voices, with missing dialogue, with missing assets, and occasional bugs, this is still a beautiful game that, while short, offers some pretty in-depth character customization, even up to level 8 or 9.The elemental effect/terrain altering magic from the first game is back, and better than ever, with a few new combinations, as well as the Bless/Curse quasi-elements that can transform an already dangerous fire patch into a lethal Cursed Flame that sets enemies or allies aflame with immolation that can't be put out with water, or transform an annoying but avoidable oil patch into Blessed Oil that fortifies allies instead of slowing them, making it a detour you WANT to walk through for a buff rather than a hindrance to walk around. I constantly found myself wondering how best to use my action points to turn terrain to my advantage rather than simply cluttering up the field with dangerous patches of fire, ooze, or electrified water.Creating characters is even more in-depth than the last game, and many of the old skills from the first game have either been changed or removed for more interesting ones. Summoning is now its own skill tree, and is best paired with spells that create environmental effects, or simply on a Lizard who can breathe a patch of flame wherever they want, as the summons, a totem and an ""Incarnate"" gain the element they're conjured on, either water, fire, poison, oil, or blood. Even with all the spells at my disposal, I still found myself favoring the weapons I'd chosen before, as even with a hundred spells at my disposal, sometimes it's nice to just smack someone with a big sword.This game can be very, VERY hard, but often in a Dark Souls way. Usually you'll know why you died, and can reload to try to fix it next time. Enemy casting a lot of fire spells? Make sure to purchase a rain scroll or use more water magic to counteract them, or simply stunlock the enemy to death and try to pick apart the enemy's strategy. It's pretty rare that you'll encounter a fight that you simply cannot win when you first encounter it, unless you go into the battle extremely underleveled (If you're more than 1 level below your opponent, you're probably going to lose). Generally fights last a while, so make sure to prepare for both long and short combats as it's rare that you'll go into a fight completely outclassing your opponent, and be prepared to burn potions and the like, as they WILL give you an edge in combat and it's generally not worth trying to tough it out without them. There's apparently an entire mechanic for food, but I've never gotten good results from it and the buffs generally arent worth the action points it takes to eat it, so you can't simply down six cheese wheels to heal to full.The storyline's not quite as good as the gameplay, sadly, but I'm pretty confident that with voice acting and some tweaks it will get far stronger. The quest journal's still hardly worth looking at unless you've totally forgotten what you've done and feel like looking through a complicated and user-unfriendly transcript of everyone you've ever spoken to. The journal could definitely use a change as it was often hard to maintain who's quests were what and with four characters with FOUR SEPARATE JOURNALS THAT OFTEN HAVE SEPARATE QUESTS it's quite difficult to keep everything straight. Thankfully it's easy to just start walking in a direction and you'll probably run into some enemies that are either your level or much, much higher, leading to a quick-reload and a different path taken. The storyline itself introduces a number of people, Dalis the Hammer, Bishop Alexandar, a blind elven seer, and far, far, FAR more, each with a complex backstory that almost everyone's happy to narrate to you at the drop of a hat, which can get a little overwhelming sometimes, but it's an inherently wordy RPG, so that's just par for the course.The story's tone is classic Larian, with a serious and epic plot that tries to be grim and po-faced when the rest of the world is made up of goofy talking skulls, riddling rats, mad witches, puns, and adorable dog quest-givers. Although the main storyline ends up looking a little out-of-place, it's nice that it's there and that the game's not simply a permanent comedy routine. I will say that some will find the tone kind of schizophrenic, and although I'd agree with that I'd also say that it's not a game to be taken seriously, and is instead more a sandbox for one or more players can wreak havoc or play within the rules.Character customization is a little lacking at the moment, but that's almost secondary compared to the great animations each race/gender has, as well as each armor set looking different on each race, with an emphasis on eastern cloth for Lizards, or a hardier iron look for Dwarves. Spells have intricate and impressive effects, even for basic spells such as ""Throw a rock"" or ""hit someone extra hard."" While the hairdos and facial options presented to each race and gender is pretty small, it's generally enough that you probably won't get your characters confused.On an entirely different note, the game's graphics and representation is amazing. I love the vibrant colors, and beautiful tropical locale for the start of the game. The one big downside is that the first part of the game takes place in a giant prison, but the atmosphere is that of a tropical resort, with sunny skies, beautiful coral beaches, and a shanty-town that looks more like a run-down tourist town than a brutal gulag for wizards. Although it wouldn't be nearly as pretty to look at, it would have been nice to have a more oppressive environment to start in, and escape to the tropical paradise later on, for contrast. That being said, the shadow effects playing off trees and logs, and the drop dead gorgeous beaches make for an impressive opening, and when the future chapters of the game are released, I'll be most excited to see the environments they take place in.To sum it all up, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. Worth a look if you enjoy slower-paced RPGs, even though the storyline's only about 1/3rd complete. With almost all of its flaws coming from being an unfinished alpha and very few coming from the actual design or gameplay. Pretty much fun in every aspect, with an insane level of combat and character customization depth, this game is absolutely worth your time."
76561198001265968,Recommended,435150,34942386,Posted: 13 September,all,Conlay Shen,"I bought this game in early access, and have been happily along for the whole trip!"
,Recommended,435150,34950389,Posted: 14 September,all,cali sunshine,"Incredible game with a imense variety of well, just about everything really. Really recommend it if you like classic turn based RPGS."
,Recommended,435150,34942342,Posted: 13 September,all,Angel,best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever made
76561198118188140,Recommended,435150,35424368,Posted: 2 October,all,[NakedNomad] Croft,"-Sees game has 10/10 on Gamespot and 93 on metacritic-buys game-Thinks combat is too simple and hates it-Finds a deranged man on the beach-Fights man until he is almost dead-Man rips my head off and drinks my blood, regaining all his health10/10 would be cannabalized again."
76561197988970799,Recommended,435150,35429073,Posted: 2 October,all,brandandsteph,It deserves every ounce of praise. I feel unworthy.
,Recommended,435150,35143318,Posted: 22 September,all,manymoose,I like this game.
76561198061629226,Recommended,435150,34917903,Posted: 13 September,all,PinkSockPuppet,Very gud
,Recommended,435150,34896860,Posted: 12 September,all,viddislee,"Teleporting crocodiles, need I say more?"
76561198030448920,Recommended,435150,34854717,Posted: 9 September,all,funkmasterflexington,"I never tried a game like this before. I thought it was gonna be ok, but it turned out to be awesome played 12 hours nonstop."
76561198062532816,Recommended,435150,34949092,Posted: 14 September,all,Matthew,Im slightly too young (27) to have played the old classics that this game draws its inspiration from but can say im loving the game so far in its alpha stage. Its very much a sandbox rpg when you really do control your own story of how the game plays out. Only 1 hour till full release now and i cant wait. Grapgically very impressive and the mechanics are spot on. Larian are unfortunately a rarity nowadays in being a customer focused developer and really cares about its products. Games made by gamers is sadly no longer the norm and Larian deserve all the praise they receive. Well done
76561197973435043,Recommended,435150,35429574,Posted: 2 October,all,HairballHacker,A really excellent game.
76561198289277107,Recommended,435150,35429365,Posted: 2 October,all,The Engineer,"This is a well-thought-out, fun to play game that goes back to the core of what made RPGs fun in the past, before publishers started pushing heavy-handed and cumbersome fee-to-play models, DLC, loot crates, etc.The multiplayer co-op is incredibly satisfying, and the game does a good job of making each turn of combat riveting and impactful.I strongly recommend that anyone who's a fan of RPGs the way they used to be should check out this game. You won't be disappointed."
76561198017542874,Recommended,435150,35135089,Posted: 22 September,all,Sephirøth,"Started playing early morning... 5 minutes later, it was dark outside.Simply amazing sorcery!"
,Recommended,435150,35212320,Posted: 25 September,all,Nito Crim,Talked a skeleton to stay dead. 10/10 would talk my enemy to death again.
,Recommended,435150,35118761,Posted: 21 September,all,GuStOoOo,Walk up to these dudes playing cards.Guys beats me in a hand and demands payment ASAP.Spit in his face and told him 'over my dead body.'They all get up and puff their chests.Shoot an arrow into one of their fire grenades that's sitting on the card table.Boom goes the fire grenade.Whole place is up in flames.Never knew smoldering flesh smelled so good.Should you get this game?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6P40wLThbc
,Recommended,435150,35092769,Posted: 20 September,all,Mclaren,"Seriously cannot get enough of this game. Yes, it is hard, yes you will die alot, but it is very rewarding. 10/10."
,Recommended,435150,35062618,Posted: 19 September,all,Tecan,"Simply the finest CRPG of this decade. This is an absolutely enormous game, with staggering amounts of content, impressive attention to detail, and a combat system so clever and open-ended that you'll never run out of ways to experiment with it. At $45, this is worth every cent ten times over."
76561198009985871,Recommended,435150,35042281,Posted: 18 September,all,TacTix,"Had the first game, everyone raved about it and said just how great it was. I could never really get into it. I picked this one up because even though I didn't really get into the first, I love the setting and the idea of what the game is. I booted the game up to create a character and 8 hours later I said ""Wow, I played this all day"", it's very very well done, the best RPG I've played in recent memory."
,Recommended,435150,35052711,Posted: 18 September,all,GodfatherPlunger,"another great game by larian studios. they made some changes that I don't like (some talents etc. nothing major), but overall this games seems to be an improvement.positive:- more freedom- really great dialogue- has a better story than the first- nice journal- many different options to solve quests- detailed world- Actions have consequences !- Co-op (not a must, npcs are interesting enough for solo)- great visuals (getting a better frame rate than in the first game)- good soundtrack and solid voice acting- interesting PLAYABLE ! characters with unique origin stories and dialogue options etc.negative:- had 2 crashes so far- some quest bugs- the beginning is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ super slow and your party is weak as ♥♥♥♥ on the highest difficulty(you really need to know where to go and what to do in which order, because otherwise... RIP)=> this gets better after a couple of hours; the first improvement is when you reach level 3neutral:- they removed RNG based cc and some other effects by implementing a new system for these effects- tactician mode seems a bit harder than in the first game (at least the first major area)"
76561198006360052,Recommended,435150,35026554,Posted: 17 September,all,smcmickle,"Holy crap. 10/10. I freaking love this game.The voice acting, the writing, the gameplay, the customization, the secrets found in the darkest corners... Ahhh!!I'm playing with my friend who is playing a rogue. He tries to keep all the treasure to himself.  One time I stole his treasure, so he backstabbed me (literally!). Fortunately, I am a hydrophorist and I froze his butt and proceed to rain lightning on his head. He won't be messing with me anytime soon!"
,Recommended,435150,35045674,Posted: 18 September,all,Kong,The Good- Great visuals- Great level design- Great UI- Great gameplay- Great price- Rewarding gameplay- Online capabilities- Very detailed worldThe Not So Good- Hard to followNow to wait for DLC.
76561197997183761,Recommended,435150,35030749,Posted: 17 September,all,Norveejun,Not in the mood for Divinity?That excuse has more holes than a slice of this fine Gorgombert!
,Recommended,435150,35429882,Posted: 2 October,all,Observer (2),"A great game with many things do to, do you wish to kill everyone in sight or be the  hero and slain all evil in the world. For a person that gets bored with RPG games easily this game kept me interested all the way to the end with a great story, combat and exploration."
76561198011872421,Recommended,435150,35014998,Posted: 16 September,all,Rajuta,"amazing, worth every penny. well done Larion, well done."
,Recommended,435150,35379160,Posted: 1 October,all,Dimitri,Its super flipping good. Go get it.
76561198069798089,Recommended,435150,35051948,Posted: 18 September,all,Baldur,Probably the succesor of Baldur´s Gate. Big thumbs up.
,Recommended,435150,34510475,Posted: 26 August,all,Ny0tengu,"Now Im addicted to tambura music, wow, thanks game"
,Recommended,435150,34911408,Posted: 12 September,all,Mak,"Okay... At first, thats was so ♥♥♥♥ing Epic. All the journey i mean. This game totally suck me in it. Srly. Last time i feel the same, when fallout 2 is released.At second, this most re-playeble game at last mb 7-10 years. So much paths to complete the quest, win a fight, not to be a maniac or killer...  I just finished my 1st full game complete, with extra maniac character. Now, i want to be a ♥♥♥♥ing herо.Here we go.Pros:- Story. Its totally epic. There is no good and evil. There is no Dark and light. There is only ""primary"" needs of any living creature.- Combat mechanics. Its truly Unique from any standpoint. This is TRUE next-gen.- Beautiful art style and graphics- Awesome music and it variation- True Role-play. No immortal characters in the game.- True RPG dialongs. Fans of Fallout 4 can path this one. (SARCASM)Cons:- Few casual puzzle mechanics in few levels. Hate it. Like game trying to keep me there for 10-20 min more without any explanation.- Second half of the game was to easy on Tactician mode, sick ""Lone-wolf"" perk balance.(Played with 2 characters. After Joy and Riftwood i almost ONE-shot any of enemy. Last boss (B) i killed with 2 strikes, without Anathema. I had warrior with 7k crit dmg and 28k hp + Hunter with crits like 11-12k dmg+ from 1 simple shot.)I want more CONTENT! TAKE MY MONEY AND GIVE ME DLC >:-OP.S. I love this game. This is a new standart for all future CRPGs. And i recommend it to ANY true classic RPG fan."
76561198011240905,Recommended,435150,34922393,Posted: 13 September,all,Juggernuts,"If there was ever a ""Must Buy"" game, this would be it.and yes, it is perfectly fine for you to get an erection just playing this game."
76561198086100150,Recommended,435150,35157411,Posted: 23 September,all,Hubuki,Hands down the Game of 2017Graphic     9/10Art Style   9/10Music        9/10Full Voice  9/10Story         9/10Strategy    9/10The game length and content with this price will make a lot of 3A games ashamed.
,Recommended,435150,35221920,Posted: 26 September,all,Cymbeline,"Ok, let me get this out with: I have played it's prequel. Hated it. Don't ask me why. I just did. Good game, nice graphics, interesting combat. I hated it nonetheless.So, when I bought Divinity: Original Sin 2, anyone sane would proclaim that I was behaving irrationally - and with good reason. So I thought myself after 10-15 hours in the game. It's not that it's a bad game. It's good. Really good. It does have its flaws. Cringy, out of place humor now and then. Overly-cartoonish characters. Limited options in combat during the first few battles. I was about to let it go once more, but I just thought I should give it one more try, but do it efficiently. I read up, tried a few different skill combinations, group options and skill synergies. I tried to figure out what does and what doesn't work - the game will show you sooner or later, but if you are in my position, you do not want to take chances on that last opportunity.And it worked. D:OS2 has many many fantastic elements - awesome exploration, a beautiful world, challenging combat with nuanced tactics. I'm just happy I decided to give it one final go. Now, who knows, maybe I'll try it's prequel again."
76561197985535390,Recommended,435150,34736011,Posted: 4 September,all,Dogma,"If I were to describe this game in one word it would be ""amazing"". I've been blown away by the early access and left hungering for the full release. Only 10 days to go but its going to feel like a life time!"
76561197990956866,Recommended,435150,35075925,Posted: 19 September,all,badesumofu,"If this is the sort of game you like, or you think you might be interested in this game: buy it. It's amazing. This is an old-school top down RPG like we played in the late 90s but rather than being a game that feels like it could have been released in 2000 and then teleported to 2017 (like Pillars of Eternity), it feels like what these games would be if the genre didn't just vanish but rather continued to evolve over the last 15 years.The turn-based combat is fantastic. It actually feels tacitcal and when you figure out a clever way to approach a battle and then win, it is very satisfying. If you play for tactical combat, you'll love it. If you play RPGs for an engaging story and world, you'll love it. If you love tinkering with builds and different class comps, you'll love it. If you love reactivity, freedom, and choice and consequence - you will love it.If you think you might possibly enjoy this game - buy it, you will not regret it. This is the best RPG since Witcher 3."
76561198030090585,Recommended,435150,35076833,Posted: 19 September,all,Kusumi,I talked to a turtle in love with a rat and united them together in true love. 11/10 would do quest again.
76561198119128176,Recommended,435150,35077177,Posted: 19 September,all,Coin,"You know, I died 56 times on my first playthrough... Went through over 100 ressurection scrolls... saved about 1000 times...yeah I love this game just cause it's Tactician Mode."
,Recommended,435150,35113576,Posted: 21 September,all,One-Legged Greg,"Can't remember the last time a game gave me such a strong ""gotta-do-everything"" feeling. Absolutely love it; so immersive, written well, amazing graphics... BUY IT"
76561198009282230,Recommended,435150,35122658,Posted: 22 September,all,Farsha,"Amazing game.World filled with carefully crafted quests & content, yet with almost sand-box freedom in how to solve them.Turnbased tactical combat, which was improved from it's redecessor.Almost limitless character development (though you can create op or gimped characters easily, you have to think what to go for)Very immersive, full voice over helps a lot here.4 player competitive COOP in main campaignPvP arenaMaster mode to create your own adventures.One of the best cRPGs on the market, amount of content for 44Eur is astonishing.Even if you don't like turn-based combat, it's still a buy, too good to miss this one out.Superior to any AAA release this year."
,Recommended,435150,35122667,Posted: 22 September,all,Toastmold,I think it is excellent. Great writing and some nice turn-based combat. More polished than previous Divinity games. A fair bit of replayability.
76561198052399320,Recommended,435150,35046215,Posted: 18 September,all,ffreak87,"Amazing game, nothing to say that others haven't also mentioned. For reference, I played this story on the lowest difficulty and had an absolute blast. There is so much freedom all the time but somehow it never stifles the interest of the stories and side quests, which is quite an achievement. I also loved the old top down rpg's like Neverwinter Nights and such, so in that way I suppose I already know I like this kind of game. Can't wait to see how it plays with coop using controllers on my 4k tv!"
,Recommended,435150,35076899,Posted: 19 September,all,Kel,Where does the time fly?I feel this game will bring me countless replayable hours.10/10 will Pet Pal all living things.
76561197960391108,Recommended,435150,35260264,Posted: 28 September,all,step,best rpg since baldur's gate
76561198058382938,Recommended,435150,35261292,Posted: 28 September,all,pieszka,"After playing Divinity: Original SIn 2 for over 90 hrs I still can't stop playing this game.Story, characters, world, music, battle system, graphics, everything is amazing in this game.Ofcorse there are some bugs in the game but that is the only thing I can say against D:OS 2. But bugs can be easily fixed with hotfixes.Divinity:Original Sin 2 is my game of the year 2017."
76561198079569147,Recommended,435150,35045104,Posted: 18 September,all,BurgerBob,"First of all great gamepad/tv/couch support. This game can easily be played from couch, fonts are big enough, UI serves its purpose. And then you have coop, splitscreen, workshop, story, graphics, music, voice acting, replayability, difficulties. Few bugs here and there but that will be ironed out, devs are dedicated and praise worthy.It is so refreshing to be playing such an awesome game. Thanks Larian Studios!"
,Recommended,435150,35262683,Posted: 28 September,all,Alturis,Excellent game. Been waiting for a top-down RPG of this caliber with this much care about the details for a long time.I only wish it was a bit less focused on spells and magic. Every battle you face will fill your screen with spells of swirling effects every turn even for simpleton creatures like animals. But it doesn't detract from the fun of the depth of content in this game.
76561198038724593,Recommended,435150,35148337,Posted: 23 September,all,ferdi_wezep,Great game!
76561198175174597,Recommended,435150,34993253,Posted: 16 September,all,Halfstaff,"Larian Studios deserves nothing but admiration and support for creating without a doubt one of the best RPG experiences out there.  I realized it as soon as I started the game essentially, I see this being my GOTY.  I have aslo never written a review for a game before, so there's that."
,Recommended,435150,34960984,Posted: 14 September,all,goran,"Great begining, every personality has it's own story, looks like great evolution of oringinal divinity.Will review and rate up so early only to compensate russian community panicly lowered rating. Shame on you."
,Recommended,435150,35256396,Posted: 28 September,all,Kodyd194,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is, hands down one of the best RPGs I have ever played, and I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of RPGs, Turn based games, or Co-oP games. There is a lot to Original Sin 2, but my biggest hope is that the game gets even more content and updates post launch, its a great series and it deserves its praise."
76561198043856823,Recommended,435150,34960931,Posted: 14 September,all,Y'all wild lmao,The game maker mode is as close a game has gotten to hosting your own campaign of DnD with friends. Absolutely fantastic. Mod support leaves this with almost unlimited potential
,Recommended,435150,35185540,Posted: 24 September,all,o|-} Jiminy,"I don't normally like turnbased games but this game is truly amazing, i can see why it's getting all the praise it is. The music is amazing and i really like how the combat works, it works so well and it feels amazing to use. The characters already feel well written and voice acted after only 2 hours of play time. If you like RPG's and Turnbased games i can highly recommend this well made game."
,Recommended,435150,35256095,Posted: 27 September,all,Koko Goldstein,"Better than Baldur's Gate, probably the best RPG ever."
76561197995023009,Recommended,435150,35370551,Posted: 1 October,all,Pewpewkatchu,"Absolutely incredible, it's all I've ever wanted."
76561197970594233,Recommended,435150,35370655,Posted: 1 October,all,Booberella,Fantastic game. Stolem all of my free time.
76561197983476272,Recommended,435150,34960876,Posted: 14 September,all,LlamaOfDoom,So amazing
,Recommended,435150,35147990,Posted: 23 September,all,BR0WNSYNDROME,"Only 2 hours in, and I love the amount of side quests and exploration in the game. If you want a game you can waste time in this is your game. Not to mention with all the mod content, don't be suprised if you put all your time into it."
,Recommended,435150,35327389,Posted: 30 September,all,Lucasif The Odd,One of the greatest RPGs you'll ever play.
76561197962039356,Recommended,435150,35371333,Posted: 1 October,all,Kdash_,"Hands down the best asymmetrical RPG game EVER made.  DOS2 has so much freedom, so much character and charm.  it is pen and paper DnD in video game form.  If you have the slightest bit of interest, do yourself a favor and just buy it."
76561198052012955,Recommended,435150,35027918,Posted: 17 September,all,Dark Templar,Amazing game. Sucked me right in. Too lazy to do review because I want to play more. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,435150,26410380,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,HowlingHuntress,"I don't generally write reviews but this is a fantastic game.I used to play a lot of Dungeons and Dragons and since stopping, I've always wanted to find an RPG reminiscent of it.This task seemed impossible.. Until I found Divinity. Now it's not D&D but it has the feel of it to me and that is something I've long searched for in a game.The characters and fun, the story is fun, there are non-linear paths, the graphics are wonderful and overall; I love this game."
76561197972451029,Recommended,435150,35195870,Posted: 24 September,all,PierreOfTheFrench,"I don't get into RPGs often, but this one was fantastic. Played through with only reloading from combat going horribly wrong (didn't reload bad choices, of which I made many) and completed the game in 74 hours. The entire game is just beautifully made in every aspect from start to finish.Talking with others who finished the game was hilarious -I only had 1 living person on the ship at the end... Classic Tarquin...seems pretty accurate to my irl descision making skills."
76561198006584271,Recommended,435150,35507979,Posted: 5 October,all,SCiMitAR9,"I don't want to date myself here... but I've been a gamer for  many decades now. This is a solid title!I've never written a review before, but if you're reading this... you like RPGs in general, this is a MUST HAVE!Enjoy!"
76561198114431520,Recommended,435150,35014319,Posted: 16 September,all,BenHxC,"Pure RPG goodness. A true masterpiece. Just buy it already!edit: after 65 hours of playing it i can safely say that its one of the best RPG ive ever played. The story, the narrator, the npc's are incredibly immersive. i can only highly recommend you to buy it!"
,Recommended,435150,34648515,Posted: 31 August,all,Cute Anime Girl,"The sequel to the best RPG in recent memory, somehow tops said RPG."
76561198027340641,Recommended,435150,34986490,Posted: 15 September,all,ancient_137,One of the best RPGs ive ever played in 30 years.
,Recommended,435150,35121941,Posted: 21 September,all,sytra,Imagine that developer of another AAA informs you before release that game will have +- 15hours of game time for 60€.I spent 45 hours in first island in this totaly amazing game.Do you like RPGs? Do not think. Buy it.
,Recommended,435150,35247115,Posted: 27 September,all,Marcel,"I'm scared that after finishing this game, I'll struggle to find anything comperable to this masterpiece."
,Recommended,435150,35209794,Posted: 25 September,all,Daigoji Gai,"Having to explain the permanence of death to a bear cub, a dog, a mother and a child (not necessarily in that order) were some of the most painful experiences I ever encountered in my 38 years of gaming... and I'm a fan of the Hideo Kojima MG/MGS generational saga. Nothing in Final Fantasy, nor Ultima, nor Baldur's Gate nor Planescape hit me like this.12/10, Already contemplating second playthrough to mock death and laugh at their suffering. (my ""HERO"" tag first char is too noble to laugh at suffering...)"
,Recommended,435150,35244800,Posted: 27 September,all,yoloswaggins69fu,Even the crabs are fully voice acted.
,Recommended,435150,35247006,Posted: 27 September,all,minsterketter,"Such ridiculously creative battle options. I love malicious teleporting. Melee out of range. Archers into melee. Everyone onto acid. The flaming guy onto the oily guy. The anvil onto the mage. It's all good, and that's just one spell."
,Recommended,435150,35268442,Posted: 28 September,all,Suspiciousreptile,"This game was just godly, the choices, the dialogue, exploration and combat.  The story, or stories more like, was truly engaging as was building a connection with the characters.  And with the choices to create my own, I did just that, an avatar to interact with the world set together by the true gods.  I quite enjoy the presence of sophisticated types regardless of how rude they may be, along with my affinity for lizard-like races, chose to be a blue ocean in the form of a lithe lizard, who with a mixture of bow and magic, controlled my enemies, and aided my allies.  On my journy was my three companions who have more than proved their friendship.To begin was the vocals of the group, Lohse who with her mastery of summoning, most disconcerning interest in electrocution along with her words of encouragement(and madness) made for a friend worth staying in the back with and babying the rough'n'tough boys when they've had too much of a spanking.Then theres the Beast who, in-spite of being quite short, excelled at movement, cutting down enemies as quickly as knocking them onto their♥♥♥♥♥ and with being a dwarf and a pirate no less, was enthusiastic, joyous and free as a dwarven pirate should be, whilst Lohse was the voice to the song, the Beast would always be the first to sing along.And last, but definitely no least was the understandably arrogant Red Prince, tamer of flames, a true beefcake to my slender form, and as brutal with the shield as he is with his sword.  And somewhere along the lines his ""Fire"" met my ""Water"" and together created steam if you know what I mean, sure he was destined to another, but this here was the closest thing to true love.  Hm, but how far exactly did that ""love"" go, if you catch my meaning, meh, a fan-fiction to keep to my own.But the hardest part about all of this, the story, your companions, was saying goodbye in the end, to say, this is it.  To end the journey and part ways with those of which you have made it so far with was quite heart wrenching.  I almost didn't want to say goodbye, but a story has to end.  For me, I would have wanted to keep playing after the epilogue, to be a god and explore the world as a one-lizard band.  Maybe even return to the Ancient Empire, see how everything fares with the Red Prince, share a few drinks, and reminisce upon our old adventures.  Perhaps we even get the whole gang together for another adventure, just like good old times.  But to say goodbye, to say goodbye was so hard, to part ways with friends, those who have been together with you through so much, is always hard, and sometimes, imagination alone isn't enough to mend the emptiness filled by adventures, especially ones with those you have melded with.I guess this is more a tale rather than an actual review, or perhaps it is a review in the shape of a tale but even with the very small flaws in this diamond, I shall cherish this game for what it accomplishes.  A good story, a world full of surprises and secrets, and a band of friends I would forever play god with til' the end.  But I demand nothing more from Larian studios for they have made their sacrifices to deliver something no triple A game developer could get quite right.  I shall see to it that I myself create new adventures, because with the tools Larian has provided, we can all become story tellers, and we can all be pathfinders for our own adventures.-10/10 ...Would definitely adventure again."
,Recommended,435150,35148250,Posted: 23 September,all,Cheese,"This is now my number one game!There is not many games that allows you to do anything you want and this game has no limit!Love the GM Mode, working on a campain that my friends will play. so excited!"
,Recommended,435150,35052429,Posted: 18 September,all,Pan Ogden,This is a must-have for anyone who likes RPG.
,Recommended,435150,34659326,Posted: 1 September,all,Moggy,"I don't do many reviews, in fact i think my last one was for Divinity: Original Sin. Just like the first game, this one is amazing. A must buy"
,Recommended,435150,34229268,Posted: 13 August,all,Worldshaper Kayto,"How do you improve upon perfection? Larian answers this question with Divinity: Original Sin 2. Everything you loved about the first game, and then some. 1,001 improvements. A DM MODE FOR ASTARTE'S SAKE. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,435150,34660606,Posted: 1 September,all,PseudoSota,"Absolutely incredible turn-based, strategic RPG that improves upon its predesessor in every way. Perfectly captures the creativity, wonder, and depth of a traditional pen-and-paper like D&D. Larian Studios has blown me away with their attention to detail, transparency and communication with the playerbase - not only delivering on all their promises, but in most areas going far above and beyond their initial plans. This game is packed full of content, deep combat, infinite replayablility, and good old tender loving care by a studio that clearly cares about their game just as much as we, the players, do. I can't wait to sink countless more hours into the finished campaign, as well as create every scenario and story I can think of in the GM mode. Truly an 11/10 title."
76561198130240615,Recommended,435150,34819427,Posted: 8 September,all,Ultron,"id just like to say that this game is AMAZING. as a person that has alwasy wanted to take part in a traditional d&d canpaign but never got a chance to, this game is that feeling personified and my thrst sated. i really love the world of rivelon and i love the open-endedness of the ui, combat, and speech options.id recommend this game in early access to anyone that loves tradional D&D. since they are adding a full ochestrated soundstrack and full voice acting (something not availible in the early access version) , another race to play around with. and much more. its on my top 5 RPG."
76561197977189830,Recommended,435150,35255667,Posted: 27 September,all,goodolarchie™,"Still feels early access because of balance issues and bugs, but damn is it good.  The first 40-50 hours are some of the best RPG experiences I've had since BGII Amn.  Somewhere around the middle of the game the numbers start getting whacky and the battles actually become quite easy and exploitable, so it becomes an exercise of self-restraint not to cheese your way to the end.  I look forward to mods and rebalancing to make this title stand as one of the best RPGs ever made."
,Recommended,435150,34843002,Posted: 9 September,all,SnapplePro,"I'll keep it simple by listing my least favorite thing (which isn't even that bad), to my favorite aspect of this game.My biggest Con:- Substantial UI Changes from Divinity: Original Sin that may take some time to get used to. It doesn't always feel like the most natural or intuitive system.My biggest Pro:+ The storytelling between different characters/companions is always unique. Dialogue options make a difference in how they interact with you, and how the entire game unfolds.I also love the new classes and spells they've added since Original Sin I.This game has come a long way from when I first purchased it in Early Access. Back then it already felt like a full game and a fascinating environment that I would be happy to spend hours in, and yet the development team continues to update and polish their game. It just keeps getting better, and more fleshed out as they reach their release date.If you were a fan of Divinity: Original Sin, you'd be a fool not to give this a try for two hours to see if you like it."
,Recommended,435150,35103279,Posted: 21 September,all,CHΛIПZZ,"Blew upAlexanderscorpse,later I got told he survived,apparently I didn't hit hard enough.10/10 Masterpiece"
,Recommended,435150,35232198,Posted: 26 September,all,Icy but Spicy,"I love it,and when you're down here with meyou'll love it too."
76561198039052082,Recommended,435150,35062531,Posted: 19 September,all,Screaming Jew (Josh),"GAME OF THE YEAR FOR ME. ALSO if you play this game keep the black cat alive, trust me its so worth it.SO the good things about this game: The story/writing has vastly been improved saince the first game, I loved the first one but the story never really pulled me in, this one however pulls me in within the first hour.The combat is still as fun and tactical as the first, with far more combinations of spells and abilities (plus waaayyy more spells, classes and abilities in general).The character creation is fun, its not too long and crazy but allows you to make (or customize an existing character) to be the character you wanna play.The companions are all detailed with decent stories and they all have different impacts on the storyline and each other.Gamemaster Mode is incredible fun, it feels like the D&D campaign creator I've always wanted.This game has up to 4 player multiplayer for the full game, so if you have the friends jump into this with them.Few neutral things: The music is kind of average, a few fun tunes but feels generic.The crafting system is no longer a cluster of confusing rubbish, so its not a negative, it still doesn't feel very important though, on my solo playthrough and playthrough with friend we both ignore it as it feels still not that useful.Arena mode is a rare giggle but feels kind of incomplete.While its very true many quests allow you to do them  in different ways which is fab, some of them matter little, you will be given like 5 options (if you find them all) to finish a certain part however, you can just run back and do the other options for extra xp for killing them (as I do) making the choice slightly pointless.Bad things for me (or things I think others will hate): The amount of races is fun (including undead versions), however, it feels like every race is here in vast quantities, no race feels rarer.If you do not like turn based combat this game is NOT FOR YOU AT ALL.Your characters pathing when you tell them to go someone in a fight will still decide to  casually run through fire/poison etc, or sometimes attacks of opportunity make ZERO sense.Gamemaster Mode has no way of making character talk, its all up to the GM.Now this last comment is something that just personally annoys me, but when you need to  help a character in a fight (or save them) they have this tendency to just go full in and take huge quantities of damage, they seem to have dumb AI compared to actual enemies.I hope my review gave some insight on whether to purchase this game."
,Recommended,435150,35185461,Posted: 24 September,all,Waluigi,"I have been playing this game since EA last year. Not religiously, mind you. But loading it up after just about every patch and playing Act 1 with my buddy. It has changed a lot since last December, and all of it for the better. I will mostly try to cover the changes since Divinity Original Sin: Enhanced Edition, which I played through several times with a friend on Xbox One. I have not beat this game yet, and I probably won't for another 100+ hours. I am running multiple concurrent playthroughs with several friends and that takes an inordinate amount of time with how I play.The tone of this game is not vastly different than the orignal, but it is different enough. No more vendors are yelling at you about cheese or entussling scrolls. The supporting cast is overall less goofy. You don't run into an obnoxious Goblin in the player housing and the new supporting cast is about 20x more interesting, despite the slightly more serious tone. The voice acting is stellar and a major surprise that it even happened at all, considering the vast amount of dialogue. Every character feels distinct and makes me want to talk to them. There are plenty of funny little dialogue throwbacks to weird little things that happened in the first game. From a talking skull in the very first area, a Dragon Commander character in Act 1, being scolded for looking for needles in haystacks, to references to Arhu in a random book 99% of players will never read. The narrator's voice is on point with inflection and appropriate humour for every dialogue option so far. I seriously cannot state how amazing the voice actors are in this game. There are just as many jokes and funny choices in this game as the first, neat sidequests, and funny names abound. They are just more in line with the slightly more serious tone of this game. The companions don't have absurd names like Bairdotr, but they are still colorful and interesting. They have their own goals and interact with the game world in very different ways.Combat is infintely improved. High ground is decisive in victory, range combat is king, and making pure physical/magic builds is necessary for CC'ing high level enemies. No more RNG exists for crowd controlling enemies. It is based on depletable magical and physical armor. The armor values do not regenerate without special skills, but if you are making a solid build, there are ways to replenish this. The AI is smarter and know to avoid retribution builds, to target high DPS weak characters, and path around ground hazards. They pull neat tricks that only a player would have done in DoS:1. They set up combos turns in advance and enemy parties have really good synergy. Despite all this, the combat feels fair. They work within the confines of the game and the skills are very well explained. If you find your build is lackluster, that is fine, respeccing is free and readily available in Act 2. The build diversity is insane. Splashing for utility is extremely viable and necessary. Pure builds work in almost all encounters. I love the fact that everything but Rogue is usable. Memory is a huge cahnge, you can learn every single skill that your stats allow, but cannot put them on your bar unless you have enough memory slots to learn the skills. This does restrict how many spells you can use at once, but it is also balanced and the whole game is built around it. this is not a bad change, but it is a major one.The biggest and best change is the removal of crafting as a skill. Anyone can utilize materials found without having to waste valuable points. Stealing art is still a valuable way to make money. I don't know how anyone could even play this game without a dedicated thief character. The game is not Skyrim, you simply cannot do everything in one playthrough. So many choices will fully lock you out of dialogue trees or quests. Not in a restrictive way, but in a lore-friendsly and realistic way.If you want an RPG that has stellar combat, engaging dialogue, and love lots of reading, this game is for you. This game is not for everyone, and just because it wasn't made for you, does not mean this game is not a masterpiece."
,Recommended,435150,35062172,Posted: 19 September,all,Chevraut,"I don't usually review games on Steam, but so far this game is pretty well crafted storywise and gameplaywise."
,Recommended,435150,35198241,Posted: 25 September,all,Sick Puppy,Needs more undead options but for the living characters it's a good game. I like that this is an actual RPG and not a dungeon crawler like diablo 3.
,Recommended,435150,35198870,Posted: 25 September,all,MurinoN,GOTY
,Recommended,435150,35218044,Posted: 26 September,all,Dabz,Best RPG since Baldur's Gate 2 and DOS 1
76561197979814564,Recommended,435150,35218706,Posted: 26 September,all,Dr.Acula,"Best RPG since NeverWinter 1, good job guy!"
,Recommended,435150,35226762,Posted: 26 September,all,TimeYe,"After years of boredom my dreams finally came true.This is the game I've always wanted to play.Thank you Larian Studios, life makes sense once more.Just buy it."
76561198052152881,Recommended,435150,35156836,Posted: 23 September,all,Gooch Goblin,"So far my friends and I have been enjoying this game, The story is pretty deep and the combat requires you to think on your feet which I really enjoy."
76561198178092822,Recommended,435150,35197591,Posted: 24 September,all,TeddyG,"I was never a fan of turn base strategy games, but i loved this game if you have doubts that you might not like it try it and you won't be disappointed."
76561197991502377,Recommended,435150,35219783,Posted: 26 September,all,Buff,"This game is surprisingly good and has very few bugs. Really glad I took a chance. Never played the first one, but really enjoying this one."
,Recommended,435150,35225977,Posted: 26 September,all,Shirolicious,I have been waiting for this game for a very long time. I didn't play the Alpha because I wanted to fully experience the game as the developers intended.The game blows my expectations out of the water. Just simply IN-SANE...The full voice acting is also simply done amazing... I truly truly enjoy every little thing and really take my time to emmerse myself in this world.I just barely left the very first town I was in and now in the 'Camp' area... and already 57 hours played... This is easily going to get me over 400+ hours.Glad to have supported this title! And sincerely hope we will see more of this kind of game(s) in the future from Larian!10/10
,Recommended,435150,35238650,Posted: 27 September,all,Pacul,"met a woman which is the daughter of a madman that I killed not a long agotold her that I saw his dad corpse at beachshe ask if im sure it's himshowed her dad's ringshe take the ring and run to his father corpseI was like ""heyyyy I love that ring""chasing hermet her at beachkill her in front of her dead father10/10 gonna kill for a ring again"
76561198053089489,Recommended,435150,35173685,Posted: 24 September,all,Dracau,A must have for all the RPG fans out there
76561198006183552,Recommended,435150,35173913,Posted: 24 September,all,Phatbody,"If you liked any of the Bauldors Gate or Pillars of Eternity; get ready to be even more amazed.  This game has it all.  Learning curve is kinda steep, but they have taken care of that with four(4) levels of play.  SAVE OFTEN! Worst feature of this game is the saves. (and the inventory sorting if you read Reddit).  Worth every dollar an hour I've played as of this review."
,Recommended,435150,35227702,Posted: 26 September,all,Potato Cat,"This is the best D&D esque game on the market. The battle system in this game is amazing, and the best part is how you can play with up to 3 mates."
,Recommended,435150,35438115,Posted: 3 October,all,Celi-chan,"After playing divinity original sin 1 several years ago, I had big expectations for this game. Did not disappoint. 11/10"
,Recommended,435150,35439502,Posted: 3 October,all,Hiperyon,"Absolutely in love with the game! Good RPG, recommended."
,Recommended,435150,35444822,Posted: 3 October,all,Dich,Simply the best game i played since release of Witcher 3.
76561198048052112,Recommended,435150,35157268,Posted: 23 September,all,Icedragon,One of the best RPGs I have ever played. Bar none.
76561198007641197,Recommended,435150,35197377,Posted: 24 September,all,Arulez,"In alpha i went to seeker's camp first. Managed to cast restoration on three sick guys that were dying...At release i figured i should just go north and save gareth first to save time. By the time i got to the seekers camp, three sick guys are already dead  and i can loot their bodies. ROFL!Definitely wont save them in next playthrough!10/10"
76561198262848748,Recommended,435150,35238797,Posted: 27 September,all,marked_brz,This game allowed me to play as the black elf woman I always identified as.10/10
76561198006705581,Recommended,435150,35197763,Posted: 24 September,all,Natras,"While i appreciated the first DOS, i never really got into it past about 2-3 hours in.  But DOS 2 has pulled me in and grabbed me.  While i'm still pretty much early in (only just left the first island) i've been hooked.  Even playing alone like i do the game has tricks to make you feel part of a group, like the Narrator voice they have in almost every conversation makes me feel like i'm a kid back in the early 80's playing D&D with my older brothers round the kitchen table with the GM reading out descriptions with only a flickering torch with a dodgy battery for lightning (atmos).If only work didn't get in the way each day, this is for sure one of those games i'd binge."
,Recommended,435150,35173596,Posted: 24 September,all,Crockets,"Don't want this to be long as i am sure everything i want to say will already be covered here by someone else.Bottom line is, if you enjoy playing RPG games then you need to play this, period."
76561198048052733,Recommended,435150,35204585,Posted: 25 September,all,Hiruko,"Original sins 2 is notthing short of a master piece. Like Baldurs gate, I believe this game will be the new standard in CRPG. The combat is difficult yet rewarding, the story engrossing, the freedom and choices to approach situations is impressive, the coop is done superbly well , and to top that off, every single line of dialogue is brilliantly voice acted. Thank you Larian for creating such wonderful games. I simply cannot wait to see what you guys come up with next - but until then, I will go back and get lost in the world of Rivellon."
76561198068830979,Recommended,435150,35218474,Posted: 26 September,all,Skattmasen,Divinity: Original sin 2 is divine. A blessing to everyone owning a computer.
76561198042344632,Recommended,435150,35209825,Posted: 25 September,all,Rathenn,"Gonna keep it short and sweet.The music, gameplay, character development, the world itself, the permeatations and various choices you are actually allowed to make all come together with good voice acting to make a bloody brilliant game. Best RPG I've played in recent years for sure (and I've played many).Not finished the game yet but there's very few bugs or things I would change.10/10 - Would teleport again"
,Recommended,435150,35172776,Posted: 23 September,all,DubbyWubbyStep,"One of the most enjoyable rpg games I've ever played. One of my top gaming experiences ever. I've only scratched the surface in this game and it is so hard to put it down. So much fun, and so much potential for replay, modding and other aspects in the game such as the campaign mode."
76561198029303338,Recommended,435150,35197533,Posted: 24 September,all,The Faceless,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome game, lots of depth in combat and quest system"
76561198014235936,Recommended,435150,35441854,Posted: 3 October,all,Exilicon,"In-depth, fun, and hard. One of the best crpg's there is."
,Recommended,435150,35232882,Posted: 26 September,all,korasai,.
,Recommended,435150,34986959,Posted: 15 September,all,Tharp,This is a very good Electronic Video Game.
76561197998632329,Recommended,435150,35101814,Posted: 21 September,all,tcp,Great game and v2 is even better than v1!
,Recommended,435150,34986747,Posted: 15 September,all,eXisle,I didn't think they could out-do the first game but they did!!  I'm hoping they do DLC!
,Recommended,435150,35089930,Posted: 20 September,all,BloodEagleHohos,played 21/24 hours straight. quickly becoming my favorite game of all time. writing my first review to show my appreciation.
,Recommended,435150,35245768,Posted: 27 September,all,Blue,"In short, it is a very good game. The physics are well thought out and story is rich!"
,Recommended,435150,35076987,Posted: 19 September,all,Oldbombadil,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,435150,35089773,Posted: 20 September,all,supernick,Well crafted fun RPG.
76561198011314040,Recommended,435150,34987023,Posted: 15 September,all,Dynamitefuzz,Made and undead character with polymorph and geomancypoison everyone and whip them with a tentacle armbascically my toon is Lovecraft's wet dream
76561197970810584,Recommended,435150,34404938,Posted: 21 August,all,KarlHazArrived,"This simply is a game done right, it was even an early access and still managed to not be horrible to their life-blood(consumers).The only thing on my wish list is voice-acting. I kinda was spoiled by The divinity enhanced edition and really miss it honestly, but I also understand how hard it would be to voice-act the crazy amount of dialog throughout this game. We'll see in September (prolly October).But, anyways, good on ya Devs!"
,Recommended,435150,35358753,Posted: 30 September,all,Captain Fluffs™,This game just had me 'WOW' trough all of it...if you enjoy a good (more like amazing) story with options to how you play it out this is a game for you.
76561198159242709,Recommended,435150,35083415,Posted: 20 September,all,SivArcher,"Although for now I have only 2 hours in this game, but this thumbs up revealed itself.The gameplay is fun and the story is so far entertaining and fascinating.I love the interactions between the characters, I think its the best if the player play as one of the origin character.It's a little pull back when I know I can't have all 6 people in the party, but a mod in the workshop solves that!Anyhow this game is worth every dollar I spent and I did not regret get it on the day it was out!Even the gameplay style - turn based gameplay is suit my liking!This is a must buy game if you like fascinating story, interesting character and their interaction and of course the turn based gameplay style!"
76561198067509583,Recommended,435150,35106245,Posted: 21 September,all,Pibley,"I didn't think that I would like this game, given the overhead turn-based style is not typically my cup of tea. But because of the outstanding reviews, I decided to give it a shot.It is honestly one of the most well done and most enjoyable games I've ever played. Don't wait for a sale; do yourself a favor and buy it now."
,Recommended,435150,35361282,Posted: 30 September,all,WhiteRose,"Mainly played OFFLINEThis is amazing game. Very fun single player.i'm busy at work, but managed to play more than 10 hours in 2 days.The cons: quest markers and quest logs. You'll know what i mean.9.9/10Buy it without discount. The dev deserve your money."
76561198047851312,Recommended,435150,35031928,Posted: 17 September,all,toby,"Made a lot of improvements compared to the first one, awesome experience"
76561198053696833,Recommended,435150,35112811,Posted: 21 September,all,Ancestral Mushroom,10/10 would put all of my time into again.
,Recommended,435150,34838156,Posted: 9 September,all,Frog3,you can do anything
76561197984385001,Recommended,435150,25534455,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Narys,Has a fair amount of content for an early alpha and has the potential to be amazing! Great to play with your friends.
76561198065972960,Recommended,435150,25598102,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Imperator1125,"I would definitly approve, many aspects from the first D:OS was improved in this and I love the feel of it even though its in Early Access.  Only wish there was more story, but as said this is Early Access, so I predict many more updates and such, best part we can leave our suggestions and ""hope"" the developers consider them.  Then agian they probably got the story covered, only one question.......is this before or after D:OS, from the way some of dialoges happened it made me think before, but not 100% on this.EDIT: I just learned it's after the first D:OS, so a worthy sequal so far."
,Recommended,435150,25598529,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Pratusion,"Great game and worth the money! I did have some issues with it, and I gotta say I'm thoroughly impressed with the response time and care of this company.  I was having a crashing issue at random ( Razor Synapse probably culprit, fake window mode changed as well ), so I fired off an email to the company stating the issue.  In less than an hour I had 4-5 paragraphs on possibilities and known issues, was professional, courteous and insanely fast response time from a great person named ""Raze.""  I went in and as stated before ended the Razor Synapse task and switched to fake window mode and have had no issues at all.  Currently playing a wizard about an hour in with no issues.  I replied back to Raze the good news and the response was fantastic, but if anything else popped up don't hesitate to email back.  WIth quality and care like this for their community, you can't go wrong!"
76561197968571854,Recommended,435150,34496193,Posted: 25 August,all,shookfree,voice acting !
,Recommended,435150,25534710,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pancake,"It's not often that you can say this, but, this game improved in just about every aspect. The first was already great, good combat, and an okay story. A fun rpg all around. This is great because this is only a small, unfinished portion of the game, and it's so full of content. Several characters each with their own stories, custom characters with their own story. I have 60ish hours and still find new things each time I play through it. So many different interactions with various elements. New spells, magic schools, and more. If you like cRPGS, or the last game  and don't wanna wait, then I'd buy this game for sure. Hopefully this is a trend that stays throughout the rest of the development cycle."
76561197997266993,Recommended,435150,35002025,Posted: 16 September,all,Verax,Legit
76561198059982150,Recommended,435150,34965617,Posted: 14 September,all,colortints,"The game is great but the controls are awful and diffiuclt to change. Also it doesn't recognize controllers automatically- only the keyboard, at least mine, and makes it almost impossible to configure. If the controls are fixed the game is a 9/10 - if they don't do something about the controls it's a 6/10. Also I'd wait for the console version if your hoping for some couch co-op. That's also related to the controller issues."
,Recommended,435150,34976585,Posted: 15 September,all,ThiscketCrab,"I have only played a couple hours as of writing this review, but already I feel I have got my money's worth.For any fans of paper and pen RPG's this is the game for you. For any fans of RPG's this is the game for you. For any fans of Shared/Splitscreen games, this is the game for you. I originally bought this because it had splitscreen, a dying genre, especially on PC. They I played it on the couch with my family and the splitscreen is done better than almost any game I have every played with dynamic splitting. The RPG elements are top notch and the combat feels very strategic and satisfying. THIS GAME IS DIFFICULT HOWEVER! Don't jump in expecting to just mow through it. Every aspect of stategy and placement is important.I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for an entertaining RPG experience.EDIT: To that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HaddockA who commented on my review. I had 5 hours of gameplay 10 hours after this game release. SO ya sorry for having a life and thinking I should still support a newly release quality game you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198102287877,Recommended,435150,34956081,Posted: 14 September,all,Rosén,"This game is well-polished and content-packed, and manages to truly capture the strategic depth of a turn-based RPG. What I also find utterly remarkable is the vast number of different classes, skills and spells that can be combined into scalable and sustainable builds. This unlocks endless possibilities of character builds and ways to play the game.And last, but surely not least, Larian Studios deserves acknowledgement and appreciation for not only what they developed but also how (that story is definitely worth looking into).This is a game that I will enjoy for many more hours and I am curious of what adventures lies ahead."
,Recommended,435150,34980138,Posted: 15 September,all,RexSol,"Really good CRPG. If you liked the first one, you're gonna like this one. Really fun to play in multiplayer co-op. Will certainly keep me busy for a few hundred hours."
,Recommended,435150,35120229,Posted: 21 September,all,Slafk,Amazing.Hey DOODLook at thoseＬ Ｉ Ｚ Ａ Ｒ Ｄ Ｓ
,Recommended,435150,25763294,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"First of all I am going to say THANK YOU Larian studios for making Divinty original sin II.I got it on the first day of Early access and i had faith, and on Sept 14th my faith was rewarded.So here is my review for Divinty original sin II.You see there are a lot of people who does not like turn based RPG, while playing OS1, I recommened it to almost all of my friends and hardly anyone was intrested but OS2 was a different case .Impovement over the first one is huge (NOT THAT OS1 WAS BAD OR SOME I GAVE IT MUST BUY): 6 Origin stories, and all of them are top notch.: If you dont need origin story you can craft your own character.: While the game was in EA I spent almost 30 hours and that was just the first act of the game.: After release I am almost on 70 hours and the game is no where near it's end.: Ok HUGE game so what about the quality of the game you say, well this game is  good as the witcher3 may be better in some case ( Witcher 3 is also on top of my list): Gameplay is Improverd and you dont feel like that the game is stopping you to do something.You can do what ever you want and ir will have an effect on your game world: There is no hand holding (most part), So if you killed some NPC for some reason and if he orshe had some quests for you, well say good bye to that one.: Combat is complex and fun and huge number of new skills and metas are present in game: True openworld in topdown RPG. You can decide how to complete a quest or how to attack,how to respond to all the dialouges.: And did I say all the scripts in the game are voice acted ( So you dont have to read everytinglike in Pillars of eternity, Tyrrany etc) .: This game is also beautiful, Character models are good, Lighting and vfx on casting spells orelemental effects all feels top notch.: Music and audio FX are so dood you can listen to them all time ( Hell i listen to them on myphone): Single player, 4player co op, 2 player split screen( Respect) , PVP Arena so what do youneed more: All these things in just 996 INR (15USD) and no micro transaction bullcrap.So This game is a must buy, Do not missout on this one.GOTY 2017 (May be).Peace"
76561198103418838,Recommended,435150,34992364,Posted: 16 September,all,Ernesto Che Guevara,This game is a masterpiece
76561198029693287,Recommended,435150,34867870,Posted: 10 September,all,Martic,A masterpiece of tactical CRPG gameplay that fixes and improves upon the weaknesses of its predecessor.
76561198054080636,Recommended,435150,35269150,Posted: 28 September,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"Divinity Original Sin 2: A review from someone who actually made it to act 3 before writing the game was amazing.First off let me say this is a good game. I said good, not great. Is it worth the money? Yes it is. Is it fun? Yeah it's pretty fun. Does it have problems? Yes it does,a fair number of them.The goodThe game has a lot of replayability. Combat feels tactical and the skills you invest into really matter when it comes to fighting. The characters are interesting and they have their own story quests and the game lets you redo their stats and builds when you recruit them. No more ""Hey I've got this cool guy I want in my group but I already have an archer so I can't take him."" Not here, you decide what skills they start with.The trapapalooza of instant death that was the first game I'm happy to say has gone right to hell where it belongs. No longer are you going through entire areas that are nothing but instant death traps. Thank god the dev's figured out no one likes dying to the floor.The game also lets you respec whenever you want after the first act, which is great for those of us who like to experiment without having to redo levels 1-5 over and over again to figure out things don't work.They have introduced an armor system. Instead of giving you more defense gear gives you two extra HP bars, magic armor and physical armor. To land a status effect on an enemy or have one landed on you they have to first strip off the armor that blocks said status effect. You still have your normal HP, but to get to it (and thus be vulnerable to status ailments) you have to lose all the armor first. You can't for example be stunned by a lightening bolt or set on fire (magical effects) if you still have some magical armor.Now this is a good thing because you can't be CCed to death anymore but it's also kind of annoying since enemies can have a lot of armor from both types. Meaning if you have a mix of magic and physical characters to focus down the same guy can lead to you having to eat through twice the armor. I've had instances where a guy was almost dead but because I nearly killed him which physical attacks and my mage was the only one left to go I couldn't finish him because he still had all his magic armor.The Bad.This game has so many issues with bugged quests its not even funny. I left act 1 with about 5 quests still open that had no way of being finished and just got logged as failed for no apparent reason. In act 2 there are numerous quests that bug if you don't do them just so and more than a few quests where you just flat can't finish them.I've also run into problems where the game misleads you on what you should be doing. For example there is quest where you have to help a sick women. If you defeat the mobs near her the game will prompt you to start the operation. If you do, she will die 100% of the time and you'll fail the quest. The only way to finish it is to have the doctor hold her steady, which you have to back out of the prompt and wait for him to walk over to get. This is just bad design, the game shouldn't intentionally mislead you into failing quests. This is also not the only quest the game pulls this with.Initiative in this game is nonsensical. Your characters roll to see what order they go in, not what order the battle goes in. IT always goes You-enemy-you-enemy-ect. Doesn't matter if you have two guys at 55 and 50 and the enemy has a 10 he will still go in between your guys even though he's slower. The game also has issues with starting battles. Sometimes when a fight starts the game doesn't have all your party engage like it's suppose to and it counts them as entering the battle after the fact and makes one of your guys go first then the entire enemy team and then the rest of your party. No real idea why it does that.It also has an issue with bosses who have phases and transformations. If a boss does a transformation or changes phases it ""steals"" the turn that would have happened next. If that turn was your turn then that character just gets skipped which on higher difficulties can be very frustrating.There are also instances where even though you have someone in your party who should be able to help you, they won't because the first person through the door is the one that deals with the situation.Elven burial rite? Don't mind the fact that you have an elf right behind you who knows the right rituals, they won't help you if your main character walked up first. RIP quest experience because they will not simple nudge you and mouth the right response you are on your own unless specifically the elf character walks up first.Got a quest to treat a sick person? Man you'd think that guy with the scholar tag two feet behind you would point out how to save her but since they didn't walk up first they just figure you have this and don't say anything.Accidentally walk into a dog kennel full of attack dogs and now have a dialog ongoing with a dog? Too bad that chick who can talk to animals who is standing 2 feet behind you won't pipe up and take over for you. Even though she knows you can't talk to animals and its only going to end in a fight if she doesn't she didn't walk in first so she just figures you've got this.This is the kind of dumb crap you're going to be dealing with.Honestly I wish the steam had a number system not a simple yes or no. This is a fun game, it's a decent game, and its the best RPG to come out in awhile.Is it 10/10 witcher 3 levels of amazing? No it isn't. Do I recommend it? Yes I do. It's a fun experience with well written characers that can easily last you over a hundred hours. That being said at least 20 of those hours WILL be spent being angry at the broken quests, but it isn't enough to warrant not playing the game.I'd give it a solid 7/10 in it's current state. With the bugs fixed I'd say it's a 8.5 easy, but the ton of buggy quests really makes you rage. Also still no timed auto saves so you better mash F5 like a crazy person."
76561198216474227,Recommended,435150,34927143,Posted: 13 September,all,Tir-Cendelius,"Not one of the best, but THE BEST dragon and dungeon theme game. In the universe of DOS2, you can do more than you imagine."
,Recommended,435150,34980813,Posted: 15 September,all,Tharkas,Game's exactly what it needed to be: a way better Divinity: Original SinSimply perfect
,Recommended,435150,34960730,Posted: 14 September,all,Affy,The man with the most friends is the man with many cheeses!
76561198107675790,Recommended,435150,31940155,Posted: 24 May,all,Foxygen,fun.
,Recommended,435150,25521922,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,@Neiffarious,"So my brother and I played through most of the first act. I'm not saying that we got through most of the content because I'm sure there is stuff we missed out on for whatever reason.Playing through the first act was very exciting. Although I must admit it started out a little bit slowly, but i feel like a lot of games in this genre can have kind of a slow start, in part because there is so much to do you might feel overwhelmed.I'm not going to get into great detail about any of this, i'm not professional reviewer, but I'm going to adress some things that are pretty important to me when deciding whether or not to buy a game:Is it worth getting this game in early access?- In my opinion, as a big fan of this genre, yes There is probably 10-13 hours of content if you try to do EVERYTHING. More content to be added such as New playable undead race, more origin stories, new areas to explore etc. There is so much content coming and so much that I missed out on as well. there are a few bugs. keep that in mind.How is it mechanically to the first Original Sin?- A drastically better inventory system, skill system seems to be much deeper, and there is a bit more variety in ways to play as each skill point provides some kind of bonus besides just allowing you to use higher level skills IE: Necromancy gives you lifesteal, or Hunstman reduces the penalty for firing from low ground gives a bonus for attacking from high ground etc. etc.Bugs?- Yes, a few that really stuck out: Blank Conversation boxes that require a reload to escape from, quests unable to be complete even with all the items in your inventory, and smaller ones like ressurecting a character but instead of standing up they slide around the ground. These kinds of things are 100% expected in early access so avoid this game if you aren't willing to try to squash them.How is the Story?- Personally I find it much more engaging this time around. As a Sourceror there is a lot more room to be the bad guy if you would prefer it. In the first one it didn't make much sense to be an Evil Source hunter. I don't want to spoil anything at all but there were a lot of moments, even in side quests, that I thought were really cool. Some kinda sad stuff too with the Pet Pal Talent (Which lets you talk to animals).Overall, I found it to be very worthwhile. I am excited to see new content added and bugs fixed as time goes by. So far, Larian is really knocking it out of the park.TL;DR: I really enjoyed it. It is not yet complete. IF you're a fan of isometric or old-school RPGs this game is for you. Co-Op is fun. Skill system is neato. If you want a super complete experience this is not the game for you. Hope this helped someone!"
,Recommended,435150,34831666,Posted: 9 September,all,1MoreTry,instanly fall in love with this game when i can use bucket as helmetsolid masterpiece 5/7
76561198022259808,Recommended,435150,35357206,Posted: 30 September,all,Reidiculas,Worth the money.
76561198106165594,Recommended,435150,34807555,Posted: 7 September,all,Maximus,"I'm gonna make this quick and simple. Stop reading the damn reviews and buy the game, it's flipping awesome!"
,Recommended,435150,34566611,Posted: 28 August,all,MattytheBeaver,Larian Studios have the greatest work ethic of any modern day game developers. They have delivered so much more than they originally intended to the point that if this game was £60 it would still be underpriced for the amount of content and replayabiltiy it has.
76561198064999188,Recommended,435150,25523980,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ThaMoor,"Update 15/09/2017*I played around 15hours in EA (dint want to spoil to much)  Did some story and some arena.After waiting for a year, i tryed to start the game the day before release (i saw an update) and the game crashed. So i though nevermind, the game releases tomorrow and i will try again. The game released ""Yeaa"" and crash....So, I uninstalled Steam and Divinity. reinstalled both. And everthing was fine after that.Only a few hours in, but i already love this game.Goning to update after the weekend after i did some network and local co-op.""Dont hate this game because its only in english, just a week untill French, German and Russian will be available"""
,Recommended,435150,34950236,Posted: 14 September,all,Velimirius,"RPG and possibly ze game of the year, Would steal panties again. Good job Larian!"
76561198099052598,Recommended,435150,31671417,Posted: 10 May,all,Wamu,"I truly love this game, i'd love it more if there wasn't magic armor ;)"
76561197994506679,Recommended,435150,35421051,Posted: 2 October,all,maxwell005,"I know I will not finish this game, as sad as it sounds it's a fact and it's unavoidable. I will stop playing it at some point.I am a RPG freak, loved the games of old such as Baldur's gate 1 and 2, fallout 1 and 2, Planescape, and more recently Pillars of Eternity and of course The Witcher 3. This game is a statement. A huge ""in your face"" statement that the classic top down RPG genre is far from dead, but instead can evolve to new height.So why will I stop playing it? I dont want to finish it. This is exactly what happened to The Witcher 3. I cannot bring myself to finish it because I know after that, there will be no more.I know... Weird."
,Recommended,435150,34830497,Posted: 8 September,all,Vinz Larkin,"Legendary game. Not popular enough imo, it deserves WAY more attention. Thank you Larian- for making such a beautiful and well-made game. 10/10 !"
,Recommended,435150,34883306,Posted: 11 September,all,PaDDzR,"This game is inreadibly detailed, tons of potential content.BUT, I refunded it, I don't find the aspect of multiple characters enjoyable and while there are some lone wolf talents later on... I don't feel it's enough and my enjoyment has been salted because I feel I was at huge disadvantage.If you want long♥♥♥♥♥game? This is for you.Want shorter experience and feel like every 30 min session you get in progresses you? Try the 2h and maybe it'll be enough to suck you in. As someone with limited time, I feel I'd never finish it."
,Recommended,435150,35079166,Posted: 20 September,all,Fore,"I got a long ways to go ahead of me, 22 hours in and just completed Tutorial IslandEDIT: Just beat the game, 104 hours later"
76561198124970753,Recommended,435150,35405531,Posted: 1 October,all,Boxyboi,man what a good game!!
76561198093342532,Recommended,435150,35007657,Posted: 16 September,all,Israfeel,"No Gear.No Skills,No Weapons.No Source.Need to level to get of the Island.No Monsters.Kill Every Murderous Psychopath you come across.Luckily thats almost everyone.Problem solved.Now I'm the most powerfull on the Island....Dont want to leave the Island....great game.Alt Start:Kill Every Magister You Come Across...No Exceptions...Pass It On."
76561198038711601,Recommended,435150,34942768,Posted: 13 September,all,Booty Warrior,Yes
76561198061844712,Recommended,435150,34993894,Posted: 16 September,all,Dragonhawke21,"This game was fantastic in EA, and now that its open, it awesome but theres now more of it. Theres still a few bugs, but nothing too bad. Not to mention, the DM/GM thing is freaking awesome."
,Recommended,435150,35102139,Posted: 21 September,all,LHunt,"Being born in 1990 with an older brother, I watched him play/stumbled through the Baldur's Gate series growing up. Divinity Original Sin 2 is what I imagine someone old enough at the time to appreciate those games felt. It is simply amazing - the amount of freedom you have, the lack of hand holding, the extremely deep and satisfying combat, and the fully and impressive voice acted conversations make this game worth the $59.99 of a triple A game. But this is not a triple A game, this is most obviously a game built from passion. It blows my mind that games of this quality and quantity (I'm 27 hours in and am not even off the first island, who know how much more gameplay there is) can exist and ask for $44.99 and not be on the front of every gaming website, while these triple A titles asking $60 chocked full of micro transactions are selling copies by the millions.To Larian Studios, thank you for making this game. It is going to go down in history of one of my favorite games."
76561198117151871,Recommended,435150,35217126,Posted: 26 September,all,dolphinigle,The enemy diversity of this game is on another level. Most type of enemies are only ever fought once in the game. And those enemies are fully modeled and voiced...How is this possible?
76561197965152125,Recommended,435150,35100236,Posted: 21 September,all,Lohkar3,"Gamer's gameMost games these days are over after playing it ~30 hours, I was positively suprised that it was only the end of 1st act in the game and 2nd act seems to unfold even more content to explore and to beat.The game has this bit of a typical rough beginning, where you are a prisoner and have to start working your way into freedom. I'm not sure does it help to introduce the gaming mechanics that well, since some of the first obstacles in the game require already hard exploration or knowledge of your surroundings. But I won't go too much into the game's internal story settings and themes on this one. Instead I'll just give quick look for those who are interested in the game, but find it hard to get started.If you are a casual rpg player, this game is best to start inco-opwith your friend on medium difficulty. The game is playable/enjoyable initially in single player as well, but you'll have to get used to manage alot with the inventory, skills and spells early on. One of the aspects that makes many lose the interest to these kinda games when playing alone. But those few well written NPC friends makes sure you'll get a feeling of unity and comradeship while you progress in the story. The game has also this welcoming feeling to those who haven't played the first game, without referencing it too much.Combat is turn-based and it isn't around every corner, but when you find it though, it usually lasts slightly longer than in many other games. I remember one ambush encounter in a forest section took like 15 minutes active fighting, and that was after we came back to it with better equiptment. Dialogues and random banters are high also in this game, which all seems to be voice acted from the ""AI's"" side to give more lively touch to it. And you can example easily play 2 hours and all you did was few conversations.The game also offers eventually challenge for more hardcore players, who would get bored if the game would be too easy. Hardest difficulty (Tactician) requires quite alot backtracking and unconventional tactics sometimes to overcome encounters with the builds you might have at disposal. And eventually if you're feeling confident enough you can try the real hardcore mode (Honour) where losing all your characters ends the game and removes your single save file.I'll try to overlook some of the negative sides in overall since some can be patched later and some are build so deep in the game mechanics it is more of a ""depatable"" thing. Like personally I would like magic to be more meaningful and more costly to the caster, so it doesn't become a norm in the world for elements to go chaotic in every fight. But I guess it's something you can expect in a Divinity's world.Nontheless this game is true to the older adventure/fantasy/rpg games, where you'll get minimal hand helding and have to figure things out by yourself. No-one is master in the beginning, but everyone can learn to fare better. Some events can be solved with pure violence or with smooth talking, the choice is often yours.-Even if you'll never finish this game, it is worth a try.9/10"
76561198122115674,Recommended,435150,35100802,Posted: 21 September,all,Daenerys Targaryen,Completed the game. One of the best games ever 👍
,Recommended,435150,35162659,Posted: 23 September,all,Rodimus Prime,The Game we not only deserve but need right now.
76561197980827710,Recommended,435150,34951280,Posted: 14 September,all,Rickolis,Never got into a top-down RPG before this and holy crap have I been missing out. It's 100% like D&D and the multiplayer is wish list level stuff. Love everything about it!
76561198111620062,Recommended,435150,34913807,Posted: 12 September,all,InfiniteSinX,"NOTHING TO SAY, THIS GAME IS DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN FUUUUUUUUUUUUN!!!!THERE IS NO BETTER GAME THAN THIS ONE.IF THERE IS ONE, IT MUST BE DIVINITY: ORIGINAL SIN 3"
,Recommended,435150,34990737,Posted: 16 September,all,DinHerio,"Everybody knows how good this game is. The reasons are plenty, there is a clear consensus.I just wanted to emphasize two things:- The game is so, so, so much more engaging than Divinity: Original Sin 1. How can I tell that with 1.4 hours on record? Because you can create your own character and the beginning of the game is much more focused and personal. That's where I decide to play further or to stop.- Not only the dialogues are voiced, no, THE NARRATION is also voiced!This is a HUGE factor for me, and I hope Larian Studios reads this for future titles. I have severe problems with reading extensive texts ingame. I would love to play Tyranny, Pillars of Eternity and other possibly great cRPGs, but I just can't. I have to read quite heavy Math and Computer Science texts all day and the very ♥♥♥♥ing last thing I have concentration for in the evening is to read even more. So thank you so very much for an absolute complete voice over, this is a huge factor of what makes or breaks a game for me!"
,Recommended,435150,35460101,Posted: 3 October,all,Slurgi,"The definitive reigning champ of modern day CRPGs, and tied for 6th best PC game of all time on metacritic."
76561198098901571,Recommended,435150,35474042,Posted: 4 October,all,Rawandouz,"44 hours into the game, and we are just finishing act 1..Few games gave me the same experience I'm having now with DOS2, and I don't mean the artistic, gameplay or story aspects of the game here, I'm talking about a personal feeling of satisfaction that as ""Gamers"" we are lucky to have a studio like Larian to develop such a marvel for us with such attention to details and passion for perfection, that you know from the start of the game you're going into a very special adventure..The only game I remember that was able to deliver this personal experience and show the same level of love and dedication from its developer was the Witcher 3.The Story (so far), the music, the voice acting, the graphics, and the world details, are all perfect.The 6 origin characters, are very interesting to choose from and play as, each has her/his unique persona, story and quests.Gameplay mechanics are hard but satisfying, it's a turned based tactical strategy with action points to spend each turn (xcom style), with a big number of varied abilities, skills and talents to learn, build, use and combo.Quest tracking and inagme journal can be a bit confusing though, and might force you to miss some details on some quests, I don't consider that as a bad thing in principle, as it encourages you to keep checking the journal regularly, to find out and explore or even miss things on your own, but I would like to see some improvements on it in future patches.The camera is inconvenient sometimes, it can be hard to spot enemies on higher grounds and the ones who are blocked or standing behind other characters.It's hard to justify why some of the AOE skills are still affected by the miss chance, since most of them are still resisted by magical and physical armor anyway.Now, one of the best parts about playing DOS2 for me is the co-op mode, that's why i mentioned “We” at the beginning, I was lucky enough to have a friend who was interested in the game, and agreed to start the story with me, and since then we are having a blast, and enjoying the game together.Playing in co-op provides you with a totally different experience, which adds to an already amazing game, I honestly think everyone should give it a try..I mean: discussing the choices we have been offered in some conversation with a random rat, that we were able to speak to using one of our characters talent..Asking my friend to use one of his character's flying skills to reach places my characters can't..My friend asking me to buy him a skill book he found interesting, since I've invested some points in the barter ability which improve my trading skill, therefor I can buy items for cheaper prices than him..Doing silly stuff that cause us to lose the fight like miss-clicking the wrong area, or healing my friend's rogue main character without noticing that she has the “Decay” debuff which damages her instead, laughing at our mistakes and then reload..Those are some of the things that make co-op a great feature in the game, and all you need to enjoy it, is the in-game text chat, obviously you can use any type of communication, but i personally find the text chat better for maintaining immersion.There are too many great games out there, but few of them can standout to be a masterpiece, DOS2 has its rare flaws sometimes but as a whole, it does ascend to its well deserved place as one of the best games of this generation, and this is one man's opinion.Thank you for taking the time reading this."
,Recommended,435150,35068166,Posted: 19 September,all,Fatina,37 hours in......and I'm still in the tutorial island
,Recommended,435150,34955920,Posted: 14 September,all,Backdoor Bandit,Larian devs i want to have kids from all of u!!!10/10Best rpg ever!
,Recommended,435150,34886165,Posted: 11 September,all,Defilist,Best cRPG ever made.
,Recommended,435150,34886955,Posted: 11 September,all,xxWeebLord420xx,"3 more days till this game releases and i can ascend as a God whille betraying and deceiving all my friends. A fantastic RPG made by a fantastically talented group of individuals. i've dabbled a little in the first act but stopped before i spoiled myself and i was stilll somehow able to murder a whole town and some more. Could not recommend this title enough along with its predeccesor Divinity: Original Sin. The game is both graphically impressive and the mechanics of the game are well polished as would be expected from a sequel. Honestly, just buy it, its gonna be 10/10. If you have friends, play this with them.9/21 EDIT: I've since sunk 20 more hours into D: OS 2 and after each and every hour i am more and more pleased by this game. It improves on the first in every aspect of the game. I love it, I love Larian Studios, and i cant wait to keep exploring their game. Still in act 1 after 20 solid hours of gameplay btw. If you need something to play after the hole that The Witcher 3 left in your heart, this is a good replacement."
76561197976669988,Recommended,435150,34840845,Posted: 9 September,all,CrazierJuffoWup,Highly recommend this game to other people.  Its great game and alot of roling playing fun! Loving it!
76561198005199535,Recommended,435150,34984618,Posted: 15 September,all,ToastedJam,One of the best turn based RPG's around.
,Recommended,435150,35121810,Posted: 21 September,all,wondertrot,"If you enjoyed the first one you'll love this one.If you haven't played the first on ethen give this one a go.Its best played with friends, its like going on a huge adventure together.Depending on your choices your story can seem completely different. It really feels like you can do whatever you want."
,Recommended,435150,34970815,Posted: 15 September,all,edforceone,"I wanted to see why did the rating go down after release, so I read some negative reviews (they are not really reviews tbh).""It felt meh...this game is not for me"" and ""spanish please"" or some bloke got killed in the first 20 mins then he was whining like a little b*tch that it was bad game design, those are not reviews!. They said other languages will be released next week, really is that so much of a problem that you can't shut the f*ck up ? If you are going to leave a negative review try to explain an actual problem that you had with the game and why others shouldn't buy it. For example I am perfectly fine with the game being in english, I don't give a flying f*ck about your peasant language.Other than that, the game is awesome and the game master mode is awesomer! :D"
,Recommended,435150,34970910,Posted: 15 September,all,Mega,Now thats what I call quality rpg. Great in every aspect so far.
76561198006648591,Recommended,435150,34993805,Posted: 16 September,all,Madnuss,I'll keep this short...This is the best crpg ive played since baldurs gate2( and ive played a lot). Truly an rpg of epic proportions.
,Recommended,435150,35059242,Posted: 18 September,all,Feanominal,Amazing! Absolutely a beautiful masterpiece. If you don't have this and you love a good old RPG..THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOUPros: EverythingCons: Nothing
76561198001604951,Recommended,435150,34966506,Posted: 15 September,all,Zwei,"Just get it, massive improvement over the first one in every single way and it's fully voiced!Half of the negative reviews are because people for some reason demand immediate localisation, so take that with a grain of salt."
76561198089611241,Recommended,435150,35076545,Posted: 19 September,all,Armodullahan,I just got out of the tutorial city in Fort Joy. I REGRET NOTHING.
76561198068319774,Recommended,435150,31359830,Posted: 25 April,all,Tarkunh,It's an amazing game to play with your friends and have fun with! Can't wait to play it when the whole game releases
,Recommended,435150,35083079,Posted: 20 September,all,FreakyG,Downloaded the cracked version...Game works great on my potato pc...No denuvo...Buy
76561198081097564,Recommended,435150,31477098,Posted: 30 April,all,Rahsy,This games Alpha is better than most games+DLC!108hours played monkaS
,Recommended,435150,34939071,Posted: 13 September,all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"All I have to say is...This game is arguable one of the top video games ever created, in history and it's not even out, yet.Enough said."
,Recommended,435150,35177812,Posted: 24 September,all,James,I spent 250 hours modding Skyrim into an actual RPG only to realise that I could just play Divinity instead.
,Recommended,435150,32692470,Posted: 23 June,all,Ren,This game is good somehow :D
,Recommended,435150,34954285,Posted: 14 September,all,Kvinster,"Haven't played much of it yet, but it already seems to be a worthy successor of the first Original Sin. Game Master mod looks astonishing! Can't wait for the friends to get it, so we can play together!"
76561197998881490,Recommended,435150,25519896,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,nerd.o.love,"I like the new game! So far its been crash free and fun.One thing I would like is more customization option instead of less. I am one of those that always uses the 4 man creation mod and was a bit disappointed to only be able to make one.Other than great so far! I will update as I play more(update)After playing through once and starting a second coop game with a friend I am finding a number of things I missed in my first play through. There has not been much update-wise since I installed, but I have faith in Larian so I will try and be paitent :)One thing that I am finding in the early game is melee mobility creates a huge imbalance. A caster has usually taken out one to two enemies before my melee has even managed to engage. I think this mostly has to do with the limited gear in the early game and the somewhat absurd amount of ground effects. Ice particularly, I only found one set of ""nails"" for spiking boots, but it wouldn't let me combine them? I think the damage you take moving through fire or poison needs a bit of balancing, two steps tends to do more actual damage than a fireball directly to the face. This is mitigated towards the end of the game when you start getting magical defense on some of the heavier armors.Updating as I go :)"
,Recommended,435150,25538785,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"If you played and enjoyed Divinity Original Sin, then you will really enjoy DoS2. It's got all of what made the first game great but has improved on almost every part of that, though I must say my intial save didn't start off that great, my main character I manage to whack myself with my staff in combat hurting myself more then the enemies did, I then get a Lizardman and immediatly light a ""black cat"" that is following me around on fire and then my lizardman on fire, and then I forget how the trading system works and sell all my items to a vendor for nothing in return forgetting to drag the money into the trade window. Definitly a lot more enviornmental combos a lot earlier, like very first fight Rain of blood to spread blood around and cause the enemies to bleed, then corruptionto turn the blood into a poison cloud and poison the enemy, so right off the bat they are bleeding and poisoned and wet before they even get a chance to attack and then when you have lizard man you can then light that poison cloud on fire to cause it to explode to do more damage create smoke and break line of sight. Not a bad little combo for right off the bat.Conversations have a lot more options with race and origin story adding in more dialog options. A tension meter for when there have been a lot of crimes like theift and murders in an area which effects NPC behaviour, so even if you don't get caught in the act of stealing it could make it harder in the future.All in all it feels like a much better game (hard to say when the first game was already great) but definitly one where if you liked the first you will love the second, if you didn't like the first odds are there is nothing here that is going to magicly make you like the second unless it was a minor thing that you didn't like that caused you to not like the game (like say not enough dialog options for different characters).Not much else to say other then the EA is like the first DOS EA, only play it if you don't mind only having access to act 1, if you want to enjoy the entire story all at once for the first time then hold off till the game is actually released."
,Recommended,435150,25588489,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mabosaha,"I was quite pleased with the very first early access version of the game. Chapter I is completely playable! Sure you'll run into some bugs, the quest journal is a über vague and not everything is completely finished in Chapter I - but it definitely is playable (and enjoyable).A lovely improvement to the ""original Divinity: Original Sin"".You liked the previous installment? Then this is a must-have for you!Beautiful graphics, immersive world, rich plot and characters.The only thing I really don't like is that you can't easily sort your inventory at all (currently).So, dear reader, make a choice!a) support the development of the game by purchasing the early access versionb) wait for the finished package with all its chapters and less bugs"
,Recommended,435150,26212111,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rev^17,"I don't play much RPG's, so i normally am not inpressed by these types of games, but Divinity 2 is a very good game especially for being an Early Access game. Although the game may have a few bugs sometimes it is a great play and will keep you attetion for hours. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198003512739,Recommended,435150,30969684,Posted: 5 April,all,Dark Shippo,Join in with my friend who just runs forward yelling Lizard Wizard and zaps the first person he sees.Begger stood no chance. i proceed to steal a leg of a lizardman you got himself liquified (aside from his magical leg).Tried to feed the leg to a dog in hopes of cheering him up and gaining a companion (who knows if it works?) Dog proceeds to attack me for attempting to feed him human flesh (note to self lizards are jsut fancy humans) Dog dies i cry friend eats the body. Talking to a lady who says she might know how to remove our collars (friends is attempting to recruit random people he sees) I try to steal a health potion she hid in the back of her tent. Entire courtyard including everyone my friend attempted to recruit turns hostile and we're forced to kill them all. I just wanted the potion i woulda even gave it back but noooo sword first words never. Realize I have single handedly ruined our chances of obtaining ultimate power.12/10 i miss that poor puppy
,Recommended,435150,34955991,Posted: 14 September,all,Ginseng,"Amazing game, truly epic.Ignore the purely idiotic people downvoting because their language isn't available until -one week- after release."
,Recommended,435150,34093314,Posted: 7 August,all,Fallopian N00bz,This game is fantastic. I don't want it to end.
,Recommended,435150,25594056,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Laydane the Graceful,GOTY-2017
76561198089178158,Recommended,435150,34978647,Posted: 15 September,all,Big Dick John,I followed the hype train
,Recommended,435150,34956491,Posted: 14 September,all,CavtasticCar,"Ignore all of the Russians crying about localization. Yes it is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation, and yes they said it would be there on full release. Does it warrant a complaint? Yes. Does it warrant a brigade of downvoting and negative reviews for a game you haven't even played? No. Quit your crying. You sound like a bunch of children. Which in retrospect is probably why you don't know how to be understanding.... huh makes sense.As far as the review goes...The game is amazing."
,Recommended,435150,31279986,Posted: 21 April,all,o.O,"Just three words, I'm loving it!!!"
76561197990327282,Recommended,435150,34950185,Posted: 14 September,all,msf567,I have never played a computer RPG as satisfying as this one.
,Recommended,435150,34926350,Posted: 13 September,all,gty,"Divinity is definitely the RPG you need to play (or even keep it in your library as status while you wait for some friends to play with).Seriously. A ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. Just buy it, now.AND I DIDN'T EVEN PLAY THE GAME MASTER MODE YET, HOLY SHIE-"
76561198007268947,Recommended,435150,26226262,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Reesiekups,Get this game. IIf you like RPG's get this gameIf you like lizzards get this gameIf you like character creations get this gameIf you like eating cheese because that's the only way you can gain HP...GET THIS GAME.
,Recommended,435150,29871698,Posted: 12 February,all,Maignificent~,"i have been play chapter 1 for 4 times , and every re run i realized something new"
,Recommended,435150,26709115,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kalthramis,"Ignore playtime, I've cleared all available content. Took about 10~ hours, taking my time and reading mostly everything.Big patches are rare, but the game itself is solid. It's an improvement in every way over the original. Currently, only the first chapter is available. It's 'alpha'-ish, so it's buggy, but it's coming along well. The original characters are pretty cool for singleplayer, and the default 4-player is a very welcome addition.Origins are preset stories/personalities for followers (though you still control what they say, they just have more options). They're race/gender specific. As is, all the characters are very likeable, but don't be afraid of going Custom! You don't miss out on anything big (so far), and don't feel like you're left out as you sometimes have more flexible dialogue choices.The Undead race is presently not in the game. Hopefully we'll have a sort-of Zombie, Forsaken-esc race, rather than just some skeletons.Lizard race is pretty cool. Name is a bit silly (lizard (race) vs lizard (animal)?), but they look cool and are pretty badass.Gear appearance is race specific, which was going above and beyond for them, but you'll want to make sure you like the way the gear looks before picking your race. IMO, the elf stuff looks a bit much, but eventually we'll have mods to fix that (probably).The story is more coherent and very present in all you're doing. That said, there are multiple ways to handle the majority of quests. (HOWEVER, do NOT sell the telekenisis gloves, as you will need them in a maze later on.)The writing is more concise this time around, but clearer and better.Source Magic is a nonrecharging resource which is pretty cool, but so far, the only ways to acquire it are obnoxious, and higher level spells require you to spend source (which has a very small cap of 3, some spells taking 2), which feels clunky and tedious. That said, this is only chapter 1, so we'll see how it goes.TL,DR: Only chapter 1 available, improvement in every single way over Original Sin 1 which was already an 8/10+ game. If you like DND-style RPGs, this is your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,435150,25522972,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,direduryan,"An already great game improved in a lot of ways. Even though this is a really small portion of the whole experience, this game is a really strong candidate for GOTY. Congrats Larian Studios for the great work."
,Recommended,435150,31340447,Posted: 24 April,all,Clucker2808,"Only in Alpha and already is somehow better than Original Sin 1. Unlike the first game, all classes offer a viable playstyle from the start, Rogues and Rangers are just as strong as Fighters and Mages when used properly. Sadly there aren't as many paintings to steal in the starting town."
,Recommended,435150,32090599,Posted: 31 May,all,Aurelucere,Best RPG ever played! Love the story plot so much! It's so fascinating and more cliff-hanging than the last one!
76561197963633356,Recommended,435150,32091664,Posted: 31 May,all,Ranzelius,This game stole my soul and now after every day that passes some of my hairs turn ginger.
76561198121414848,Recommended,435150,31663589,Posted: 10 May,all,Olamide,"With just early access, I love this game.  Don't get me wrong, it took a little bit of time to adjust after Divinity Original Sin Enhanced Edition (I used the controller back then) and not having everything voiced... but boy, once I figured out the mechanics of this game, I fell in love with it even more than DOS:EE.  I can't wait for this thing to get finished."
76561198058664687,Recommended,435150,25824202,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LeMarquiszsz,"Great game, still lives up to the name of its predecessor.  No performance issues so far.-the new physical armor/magical armor system changes the flow of combat in a way I wouldn't want the combat to drag on-6 AP system is alright, AP cost for actions has been adjusted accordingly from DOS-is there no way to set group formation?-too many empty books at this point (understandable tho)-at first i'm not quite sure about memory stat and how it affects the number of active skills you can have at any given moment, but along the way, i get that it adds to tactical depth-at this stage, choices in conversation dont actually matter much (in some instance, it can locks further convo, i.e. by making your characters sound like a♥♥♥♥♥♥-no undead race yet-no dwarf origin character yet-found a bug on a fire summon skill (i forgot the name..), where after it being summoned, it won't do crap to the enemies after you specifically order it to attack... although it consumes its AP-i followed the teleportation glove quest after wiping out enemies in the dungeon (I accessed the dungeon through slug cave) and at some point, after the the questgiver ran away, the quest stuck without being able to be completed-the same goes with migo, before I return the ring of migo, i wipe out all magister, therefore, the gheist quest cannot be completed-the stone dragon quest thing doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥.. is it intentional?-the quest in the maze doesn't seem to make so much sense relying solely on teleporting character through small crevice.-the quest with burning man doesn't actually do anything (yet?)-I personally expect much more from the torture chamber area.  that place has so much potential, for lore, secrets, extra quest and whatsnot, but i end up there only to kill some blood golems.. boring...-some sewer puts my characters status into stink for a while... does it actually affects the character? not sure-ranger's snipe ability combined with sneak is quite OP to my liking.  I just snipe some magisters and it easily hits for 500++ damage (insta-kill) (esp considering it is a non-source using skill)-need more quest, the one that doesn't involve killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I miss the talking head type of quest from DOS, or the crazy dude that falls in love with orc lady (you can just put him in jail)If you want to support, buy it, it helps them expand the content and fixes bugs and errors.  if you can'tbe bothered with EA product, well just wait until full release."
76561198006123001,Recommended,435150,32160554,Posted: 3 June,all,Feros,"It's REALLY good!Do you like games like Baldur's Gate. Neverwinter Nights and Pillars of Eternity?Then The Divinity: Original Sin 1, and soon 2, is most likely a good buy.The story so far is good , it's challenging and interesting in combat and exploration. It has a uniqe and quite discreet sense of humor and well written characters. I'm looking forward to play the whole game!I might go play Divinity: Original sin 1 while I wait for it."
,Recommended,435150,25673130,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Emmazor!,Best RPG I've played. Managed to complete the first Act via sacraficing my co-op partners then accidentily killing the guy we wanted to save. 10/10.
76561198067744489,Recommended,435150,25582966,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Velgrudo,"Played the first game and i thought it was stupendous, Saw that the second one was announced and i actually cried from happiness. I waited and waited and once it finally came out, i was in love. I got it and played it with a friend (Which in my opinion enhances the gameplay and strategy, but to each his own, right?) The overall roleplaying experiance in this game is like no other. Larian studios actually know what they're doing! This game is definately recommended and worth the money!"
,Recommended,435150,29186460,Posted: 11 January,all,心痛,"Started game - Sank 4 hours had to restart ( forgot to save and murdered the wrong person) restarted Stole everything in town Made a fortune,Had to restart (destroyed spear of Braxxas) Stole everything in town AGAIN10/10 Who needs infinate gold cheat when you can just steal all the paintings and gold goblits from the fort xD"
,Recommended,435150,26868662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yuki,"You would think elves rule in this world, but no. Apparently gaining the knowledge of corpse you eat and cutting yourself for ultimate power isn't enough to conquer the world"
,Recommended,435150,25632842,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Hightail's Online Friends,Bought the game 3 days ago. 40 hours and one ♥♥♥♥ed up sleeping schedule later I ran out of things to do and anticipate the next arc greatly. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,25647722,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,KenCalDi,Al ready finished the game. This is a monumental improvement on an already great game. I can't wait for this to be released and continue this compelling adventure.
,Recommended,435150,25655580,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Blood-Lord,"I don't normally prepurchase video games. However, for Larian Studios which created a fantastic game in Divinity: Original Sin I will gladly support this game as well.Rock, Paper, Scissors:The game play seems close to the original, with minor tweaks and additional combat strategies to worry about. The one thing I've noticed that was missing is where is the rock, papers, and scissors argument from the first game? I loved disagreeing with my friends and having to do this mini game.From what I can tell the game play feels smoother, looks crisper and the amount of details that they've added to the game. I feel like what ever I do might have repercussions through out the game. Also, they seemed to have created multiple ways of completeing quests, or taking different routes to do the same job.Source:I understand that source spending spells are much more powerful than non-source spending spells. However, I believe after even 1 play through gathering source will become tedious and cumbersome. There needs to be a better way to gather this resource than swapping a wand/item with vamperism among the players.Source solution?:I would like to note that doing this to the dead bodies is very enjoyable. It makes the game that much more immerism. Not sure how to improve upon this to make it more efficent? Maybe devour all sourcible dead bodies around you with one spell cast? However, only the number of source points that you're missing. This will keep the immerism of the spell, yet make gathering this material that much faster.Source Soul Jars:Side note on the source resource. If you're able to suck source from the undead with an item. Whats the significance of stealing the souls from those stuck in a jar? Aren't these source captures suppose to be more potent or have more of a permanent touch to the character? From absorbing these souls you're loosing out on experience and possibly dialog with characters in this world.These should be rare and have an additional progress to the characters in their own way. Maybe such as leadership adds bounses to the character. Doing this will add minior bounces to the character who devoured the soul. Bracchus Rex was doing things similar to this and became extremely powerful. Why can't we?  Also, doing this should reduce your attitude towards people to balance this out. #DarksideFTW :DAct 1 Final Battle:Most encounters in the first act I had no problem. I understand that this game takes tactical placement, and combat very serious. Which is why I love games like this. Admittedly I am no fool when it comes to games like this. However, I would like to address the final battle of act 1. I believe this battle to not be challenging... Just way over powered to the players level and gear.My friend and I were level 8 with all the quests, and gear that we could get from this island. However, when we got to this it was like hitting a giant wall. Took us around 2-3 hours to complete this battle with numerious amounts of tactics. Finally, I gathered the idea of getting all the explosive oil/ooze barrels on the island that remained and blow Alex and the worm to hell.Here is a screenshot of what we did to kill the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769604881Bug Dwarf Height:While going to Bracchus Rex's castle theres a part where you need to touch a gargoyle head to go through a portal. While doing this our dwarf in the party wasn't able to reach this gargoyle. Heres a screen shot of that belowhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769608678Arena Dead but Still Kicking Bug:After doing the arena and loosing to my friend. I was killed, but immediately revived going back to the arena master. My walking animation looked like I was dead, but still moving. Heres a screen shots of that below.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769176176http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769176554Overall, if you enjoy turn based, rpg, in depth tactical combat with a very in depth storyline and involvement. This is the game for you!P.S: This review is bound to change if I think of anything else to add."
,Recommended,435150,32231186,Posted: 6 June,all,[SLAV.ZONE] KoperatorDrone,"Excellent  game, if you like great storylines, immersive world and great NPCs, interaction and trading with almost every NPC in game, crafting,lore,combat design.Everything is perfect for this old school RPG lover. 11/10"
,Recommended,435150,25536617,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,GaymerMonkey,"If you loved Divinity: Original Sin 1 then you'll love 2.  Improved everything, but otherwise quite the same.  Personally I love the origin stories so far.  Being able to have more option in conversations is a much appreciated improvement!We'll see how it gets with the developers listening to suggestions!"
,Recommended,435150,27596506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Legs,"If you liked the first one, this one is shaping up to be even better."
76561198016286739,Recommended,435150,32666686,Posted: 22 June,all,Jermu,"(Alpha review)Improves everything that was in D:OS. The leveling up choices are more relaxed and allow you to combo different skills.The story and the main characters are interesting. You have relative freedom to the content in whatever order you want to do it. Basicly I kept playing the game untill I got to the end. It is currently still a bit buggy and has no voice acting,Great things+ Flexible leveling system+ Interesting plot+ Rewarding combatNegative- Cant click on the map to enter an area- No voice acting- Music stops playing randomly- few silly encounters with SLOOOOOW enemy animations ( you know that bloodrose witch)- Sniping /backstabbing someone usually does nothing, since they go to talk mode and regen their health & physical armor during that duration, but your skill will be on cooldown.- If you cant target anyone else with that skill you shouldnt need to click twice! ( self buffs)- Never bothered using the Source abilitiesBest fights+ Bishop alexander+ Second ship encounter (Dallis)Worst fights- The bloodrose witch. Hit an enemy get everyone stunned becouse or cursed blood, enemies have slow as heck animations)-The voidwoken drake. The undead here are not visible, and will stun and kill you in a few turns. The voidwoken drake is the weakest of these mobs. The only way I found to beat this encounter was to get so far in range one of the undead rangers was stuck with "" no pathing "" and teleported another one so far away it got stuck into the same "" No path "" route.Most usefull skillsPolymorp: Flight  If you play a str char or an int char this is a must have or you will have no mobilityAerothurge teleport: Teleport your enemies into places where the AI doesnt know how to get to you!Scoundrell:  Pretty much everything (if you use daggers).Huntsman: Tactical retreat, SnipePyrokinetic: Haste, Burn my eyes, I doubt I used the actual fire spells more than twice on the entire alfa playtroughAny buffs that remove or prevent conditions and restore health or Phys/Mag armorMy party setupRanger: Huntsman, ranged, scoundrell, Pet pal, Pawn (must have!!!), bows becouse of low ap seem betterAssasin: Duel wield, daggers, scoundrell, necromancy (not very usefull), BackstabberTank: Shield, heavy armor, Warfare, Geomancy, Polymorph, retributionze buffer: mixmash of gear, shield, wand, Aerothurge, Pyrokinitic, Hydromancy, Polymorph"
,Recommended,435150,32632670,Posted: 21 June,all,Goddamnit Klinda,Divinity Sin II is looking to be even better than it's original counterpart. Here's hoping they capture some of the glory the first one had.
,Recommended,435150,31976746,Posted: 26 May,all,onyx,"Amazing game made by fantastic Dev's that communicate with their community and listen to feedback.Easily in my Top 3 fav. games of all time, and this is coming from a guy that's been gaming everyday since 1992.This game is a Masterpiece already and it's not even out yet.Highly highly recommended."
76561198267284105,Recommended,435150,31472144,Posted: 30 April,all,Greendetective,I was very skeptical about this game.  How can a top down SRPG not be boring?  But after some persuasion from a friend i finally decided to buy it and play it with them and lo' and behold i was astounded by how fun this game is.  The puzzles and battles are the most strategic and amazing srpg battles I seen with environmental destruction being an awesome gimmick. The story is simple yet effective with a huge world with plenty to do and graphics are amazingly beutiful.  I was never bored playing it.  It will be amazing to see this game get finished and voice acting added(which is in the orginal Divinity).  But for an early access it does give you a good taste of the game and you can tell the finished product will be great.
,Recommended,435150,34530910,Posted: 27 August,all,TopsyKrets23,"After finally finishing the first act after only 3 rerolls on my character I am left feeling very anxious for the release on September 14th. In each play through I experienced very different paths of progression. I really thought it was interesting how if you progressed a certain way through the game there were different concequences and rewards throughout the game. Even though I finished the first act I am certain there is much more content that I either bypassed or just plain missed. This game isn't even out and yet is pacted with hours upon hours of gameplay. The amount of detail is so rich in Original Sin 2 it really is what true RPG players have been waiting for. Also, with the promise of voice acting and so much more coming on release this game is truly a gem in the RPG industry. Thank you Larian for your dedication to creating a solid and rewarding experience."
76561198081646119,Recommended,435150,34520086,Posted: 26 August,all,Newtmana,This game is like the first original sin game so its perfect. But this game is better than the first one so its better than perfect.
76561198000966892,Recommended,435150,34343793,Posted: 18 August,all,Bannex,"Forget the ""enhanced editions"" of baldur's gate and icewind dale.  This is the kind of game that will renew faith in the industry.the list of PROs are too many so i'll just list some of my CONs-Lizard people are hideous.-Could stand to have more customization options-Even easy mode is somewhat challenging if you aren't paying attention (not a huge con but somewhat unexpected).-A very very weak intro area (the ship) compared to the rest of the game including the starting island.-in some ways it is overwhelmingly deep and complicated."
,Recommended,435150,34469204,Posted: 24 August,all,A Very Sad Fox,I've gone by a process where to ensure I get the most out of my games I need to enjoy an hour per dollar I've spent.I think I had some fun.
76561198043843097,Recommended,435150,34515823,Posted: 26 August,all,Assembly,rpg of the year
,Recommended,435150,34282614,Posted: 16 August,all,Shaun,"really immersive game and I really love the lore and gameplay so far.The only annoying/frustrating passages were enemies ganging up on you every time th ebattle starts and your party being all grouped up for heavy AoEs. While enemies look different, everything kind of uses the same stuff and the use of elemental fields is rather OVERused. I fought a water crodoile that could teleport...I mean wtf ?"
,Recommended,435150,34379182,Posted: 20 August,all,[FRAC] Mokey,"I have never played the 1st Divinity. Having being a D&D fan, the play style of this game reminds me of D&D but just with a graphical interface and no dice rolls. There is something new at every corner, you have no idea what to expect.After understanding how the game works, I CANNOT quit playing it. It's immersive and hard. If you are someone who does not like failing at anything, don't get the game. If you are up for a challenge this is the game for you.Some tips for you if you are just starting to play.1: SAVE, SAVE, SAVE. Save a lot, you will regret not saving, trust me.2: Don't get discouraged if you die, it's going to happen... A lot.3: Pay atention to the dialog. Choices you make will effect the outcome of the dialog and actions.4: Slow down. This game isn't meant to be cleared in a few hours. Take your time and look through and at everything.5: READ, READ, READ. If you don't read, you may find yourself on a simple quest that takes 6 hours, because you didn't read, ""Just teleport me over to that ledge beside that stump.""There are a few pros and cons to the game that I have found so far.Pros:FunCo-Op PlayChallengingCons:Quite Expensive GameAuto-saving doesn't save at the best times (You could go two hours with progress and not get an auto-save just to die and be set back 2 hours)No voice dialect (There is A LOT of reading to do, granted the game is still in early access)However, in a nut shell, I would easily rate this game a 8/10 just for the gameplay and mechanics alone. On top of that, I can't put the game down. I don't know what it is about this game. I just enjoy it.Note:I wasn't joking about saving. I just played for nearly 6 hours, got a lot of good gear, got set up to start doing some good stuff. I failed, died, then realized I didn't save and got knocked back 6 hours of progress :( . I was upset, but still reloaded and repeated the process. lol."
76561197999724459,Recommended,435150,25650949,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RedInk,"I think the best way to describe this game is ""Like playing dungeons and dragons without playing dungeons and dragons."" You can sub out D&D with any other roleplaying game but it holds true. I put about 7 hours into this first act (Watched Jessie cox play through fort joy so I knew a good chunk of that going in) and I can say that I want to play this game more and more.First of all, Yes, There are a lot of small bugs. My elven helmet, which normally lays down against his back, kept getting spiked up like there was an ungodly amount of gel in it. I could not use a certain skill that is required near the end of the game because the mage NPC had the wand but when I switched it to my main player it would work. plus a few other very minor bugs here and there.Without going into detail. If your someone who wants to support early access and loves RPGs. Easy buy. If you do not like early access and love RPGs. Wait until it releases and then pick it up. Its worth it."
76561198242231720,Recommended,435150,25545294,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,bitb0602,"Amazing Game I Played.But could you consider add the Chinese Language for China / TW player?If so, I bealive there would be more plays buy the game."
,Recommended,435150,34238984,Posted: 14 August,all,Saul Goodman,Absolutely amazing RPG- Turned Based Tactical- Beautiful landscapes- Multiple solutions to problems- Flashy animations and satisfying combatReally damned good so far enjoying it tremendously.
76561198046039387,Recommended,435150,34247001,Posted: 14 August,all,bigtenor62,"I would have to say that this is the most exciting game I've ever played. As much fun as I had with Baldur's gate, this is light years beyond!  I'm so pumped that I got early access so it will be automatic when released. WOO HOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198031467191,Recommended,435150,25613789,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,BubbleButt,Overall quite good with some bugs here and there but its understandable cause its in the alpha stateand cant wait for it to be fully finished. loved the first one and liking the second one so far.love the fact that there are multiple ways to get things done and multiple entries for certain stuff.
,Recommended,435150,34644061,Posted: 31 August,all,▙ ⨕ ⍱ ⩚,"Reminds me of DnD from back in the day and gives me back my sense of wonder and curiosity. By far the best game I've ever played and I look forward to putting hundreds of hours into it. The tactics can get really complicated and I certainly have no issues with it not being enough in-depth. The game gives you choices in a way that aren't obvious. If you see a guy dying on the street, cast a healing spell on him and he may give you some gold in return, there's no promting for it. You can just DO it. So much freedom, something I really miss from V3.5 DnD. If you're an RPG person, this is THE MOST essential game for you to own.Sidenote- Graphics?-- Lo-Fi but beautiful, 10/10-- Runs at 144 FPS on HighestGTX 10703.4 MGHzfairly high-end 4k."
,Recommended,435150,34633898,Posted: 31 August,all,Uveryahi,"It is hard to come by such an amazing game. I have over 300 hours altogether on the 1st one, and I've tried pacing myself on this in order to really enjoy it when it is fully released. It is just....amazing."
76561198054953694,Recommended,435150,34644333,Posted: 31 August,all,galen150,"usually, any game above 30$ (U.S.) i dont think is worth the price. this game though, is an amazing game. there is so much depth to the game, its fun and challanging in just the right way that it isnt unfair. the world feels immersive. there are always many many ways to do things. in the area available now in early access, you need to break into a place. there are, at the least, 3 different ways to get in. in fights there are many different ways to inflict chaos. you could use 1 skill that spreads oil or poisonous goo and then shoot it with fire and watch it explode. you could cause rain and then electrify the puddles, or freeze them so enemies trip, etc.... this game is literally the best RPG i have ever played. i have absolutely nothing negative to say about it"
,Recommended,435150,34652489,Posted: 31 August,all,Kate Micucci,"This looks like it will unseat New Vegas as my new favorite RPG. 10/10.There are many changes and improvements from Divinity: Orginal Sin 1, all for the better. The biggest changes are in the way stats are handled.Instead of being a flate or percentage damage reduction like in most RPGs, armor is now an extra healthbar that has to be worn down to 0 before you can take damage or status effects. You have separate armor bars for physical and magic damage. There are abilities that can regenerate your armor and also a few abilities that can penetrate armor and damage vitality directly. This is a pretty simple change but the tactical considerations are wide-reaching. Nuking the enemy with status effects turn 1 (or being nuked yourself) is much more difficult now. You will have to prioritize targetting, as enemy soldiers have lots of physical armor, mages have lots of magical armor, and some enemies have no armor but large HP pools. On your own characters, you will have to decide whether they should wear more physical or more magical armor, and whether they should learn armor-regenerating skills. Another fortunate side effect of this change is that minor traps are less tedious, as your armor protects against harmful surfaces like ooze and electrified water.The skill system has also been greatly improved. DIVOS 1 had a great concept for a semi-classless system, but it had some flaws. An INT character could invest a point or two in each school of magic and learn twenty skills easily while still kicking♥♥♥♥♥with wand and staff basic attacks, but STR and Finesse characters had a limited skill selection outside of the few spells that didn't scale with INT. Both of those problems have been solved. There is a greater variety of skills available for the non-magical characters and they can dip into magical classes more easily too. Getting access to class skills only requires a single point now, with any additional points simply providing secondary stat bonuses (+10% damage to magical armor for example). The new Polymorph school allows even a  10-int fighter to literally bull-rush enemies, or your archer can sprout wings and take the high ground. A real plate-clad, ax-wielding battlemage is a viable option now.The maximum number of skills your character can know at one time is now limited by your Memory stat, so no more mages putting 1 point into every magic school and buying up every skill book you can find unless you're willing to put a lot of points into Memory. You aren't lacking for options though, since your class skills + race skills + bonus skills + potions, grenades, magic arrows and abilities from gear still adds up to a lot even with nothing invested in the memory stat.The companions are pretty cool as well. There are going to be six when the game releases and each one has a unique model, skill, dialog options, and quest. You can even choose to make one of the companions your main character.  When you meet them in-game, you can make them any class you want, so the Red Prince can become a mage or archer instead of the default fighter/geomancer. Only four of the characters are out now, but they're all cool and likable, easily on par or surpassing Bioware and Obsidian companions."
76561197972482213,Recommended,435150,34592315,Posted: 29 August,all,CAV3L,"Wow.  I was holding off on buying this game until release, not sure why after playing it.  On a whim, I decided to pick it up a few weeks before the release date.  Boy-oh-boy is this a great RPG.  If you are looking for a story-rich game with optional Co-op and SO many different ways to play, this may be the game for you!!  Combat is super strategic and turn-based, not hack-and-slash like Diablo or PoE.  If you played the first and enjoyed it then you need to get this game!  I wish more games had this attention to detail.  I can't say enough amazing things about this title.  Buy it.  Play it.  Love it."
76561198018630998,Recommended,435150,34711145,Posted: 3 September,all,YoYopuppet,"A great sequal to an already amazing game. Divinity: Original Sin 2 only improves on previous flaws and with team like Larian Studios, you'll know the game will never be abandoned like some other early acess scams."
,Recommended,435150,34333681,Posted: 18 August,all,Necranom,"I have been waiting for this for a while now :)  I have replayed Divinity: Original Sin (#1) a number of times so I was very happy to see #2 on Steam.As we have come to expect, Larian Studios has knocked it out of the park again.  I pre-purchased Original Sin 2 so i could play the ""first part"".  I have over 30 hours of game time in so far and I plan to replay it as I know I missed some things last time through.  I also want to try some of the other races etc.When a games PREVIEW provides well over 30 hours of entertainment and leaves you wanting more, you know you have a winner.I can not say enough good things about this game or the brilliant folks who made it."
76561198050391045,Recommended,435150,34951113,Posted: 14 September,all,Ghoulishtie,"Definitely a step up from the 1st game. Really well developed story (so far), great combat mechanics, good AI, immersive music, and amazing graphics. Not to mention being fully voiced?!I have yet to delve into the GM mode, but I plan to do so as soon as I get time as that is something I have been looking forward to ever since it was announced.On a side note: it's a shame such a great game is getting negatively reviewed only because of delayed translations."
76561198260792534,Recommended,435150,34924303,Posted: 13 September,all,dfireball2324,Amazing game that took everything good about the original and made it better
76561198041563478,Recommended,435150,34925790,Posted: 13 September,all,LordNisse,Loving it so far. great to play with friends.
76561198002408934,Recommended,435150,34925796,Posted: 13 September,all,allenstergess,I've only played some of the first chapter early access and am really excited for release! Played the heck out of the first one and loved it! Buy the first one and play it I'm sure you will love it!
76561198053892315,Recommended,435150,34925826,Posted: 13 September,all,jbearded cracker,this is going to be fun for a long time and its one of my fav already
76561198156508726,Recommended,435150,34927651,Posted: 13 September,all,Yosh,"Goty, Masterpiece. I've been waiting for a game like this since Shadow of Amn/ Throne of Bhaal.I just went through the whole Act 1 (40 hours), and i feel like this game is the worthy sucessor of Baldur's gate games, the one we were waiting for years and years.It was just the Early Acess without voice acting, acts, characters and this game is still amazing.A dark storyline (from what i saw, it will only get worse in next Acts), often violent/gory, complex characters, highly rewarding quests (no fedex quests), smart NPC's (every choices you'll make matter, a lot), many ways to make a very unique character, great graphics.You can do what you want, without limitations. First Divinity Original Sin was a great game, no doubt about that but this one is 10 times better in my opinion, you can't really compare them. Larian did an amazing job.I can only recommend this game to any RPG players, even in his EA form.And full voice acting is coming."
,Recommended,435150,34959615,Posted: 14 September,all,Aldrexn,Best RPG out there
76561198027061172,Recommended,435150,34959632,Posted: 14 September,all,2maddafokka4u,"best rpg of  2017 ,  voice acting is so good   hate to read  all......but  now   i must  listen whaaaaat  a  Great job  yeahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198012744452,Recommended,435150,34959637,Posted: 14 September,all,brrrrtttt,great characters. great combat. game master mode.
76561197999228966,Recommended,435150,34959581,Posted: 14 September,all,Weigar,10/10 just played almost 8h nonstop
76561198039710473,Recommended,435150,34959619,Posted: 14 September,all,Skeletron1,<3
,Recommended,435150,34959658,Posted: 14 September,all,Ebb,I LOVE YOU!!!!
76561198146108269,Recommended,435150,34959677,Posted: 14 September,all,SteelHawk820,I love this game! It is a fun RPG with a lot to do.
76561198057945801,Recommended,435150,34960786,Posted: 14 September,all,Rybonator,So much love and soul was put into making this game. It is absolutely beautiful.
76561198133663962,Recommended,435150,25580117,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Moon,"This is one of the Best RPG's of all time, Scratch that! This is the BEST RPG of all time!! The first Divinity Original Sin was already amazing game and they came out and improved this game in almost every  way. Now with Game Master Mode, and Mods going to be coming out, this game is going to have a very bright future. I can't wait to finish this games story and see what other surpries wait in my Journey!"
76561198018403892,Recommended,435150,34969158,Posted: 15 September,all,zanzibar_hero,"Oh, it is good... Very good.The fact that every dialogue is voiced is incredible. The combat is good too, very tactical and with a lot of options for the player. The Origin characters' backstory is very interesting. I know some would prefer to create their own characters, but for me, the origin characters are great.No regrets for purchasing at full price on release."
46489456494354648,Recommended,435150,34971771,Posted: 15 September,all,Sonichu,"Great game, but avoid if you're literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like some reviewers obviously are."
,Recommended,435150,34965236,Posted: 14 September,all,Salem The Cat,Closest candidate to the GOTY in 2017.
,Recommended,435150,25870683,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BuNNiFuFu,"This game builds on all the things it needed to from the frist game. Some fights are difficult until you have the right character combo/strategy/levels. This requires you to think stuff out. I have only been playing on classic mode, so cannot speak for the easier setting of explorer.From choosing a race, to feeling how tailored my experience is with who i pick and what I decide to do, this game is starting off a killer!!"
76561198044309661,Recommended,435150,25863255,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Smexy_Cur,"why does it take me so long to creat a character! Ok, back to the point... this game is great coming from someone who has never touched a Divinity game. I dabbled with a few RPG pen and paper games, such as Pillars of Eternity, so this genre is not new to me. Surprisingly, even though this game is in early alpha it feels finished. To point out, everything runs smoothly, combat is phenomenal, dialogue is well written, and it's visually impressive. In short I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of pen and paper RPG game."
76561198109101630,Recommended,435150,34916044,Posted: 13 September,all,dotimxx,One of the few games with a value for the price next to The Witcher 3. Amazing turn-base rpg that reminds you of great story telling cRPGs like Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 with a mix of modern graphics of Wasteland 2.
,Recommended,435150,34945380,Posted: 14 September,all,Ashe,"Have only been playing the Early Access part so far, but this game is outrageously in-depth. Lots of freedom to craft your own personality, engage in different personas, do stupid things that may give you an advantage, and do smart things that end up creeping someone out and blocking an entire quest path. It takes some adjusting because unlike most RPGs out there it's not going to hand hold you and have a quest marker for every turn, but it's worth diving in. The fact that I accidentally killed a potential companion and the game just lets me do that is kinda cool."
,Recommended,435150,34945605,Posted: 14 September,all,Yusuke Urameshi,Best combats ever!
,Recommended,435150,34911834,Posted: 12 September,all,Skyancez123,Easily the best RPG I've ever played.
76561197993289592,Recommended,435150,34964441,Posted: 14 September,all,ChamppJones,♥♥♥♥♥ on any recent RPG. ANY
76561197994886827,Recommended,435150,34959012,Posted: 14 September,all,Jazzle,"The game totally submerges you in story telling from the beginning, I have spent my first lot of hours in the game simply exploring and finding npcs to talk with.Early impressions of the game are great and I can't wait to sink plenty more hours into it!"
,Recommended,435150,35180636,Posted: 24 September,all,okso,"I can never get enough of this game. robust story, mesmerizing back ground music, much freedom of what you do and how you create your own story, and even fun in collecting all these gears and leveling your characters up! I was never much of a WoW or Diablo guy but this game was just fun for me from the beginning. 10/10 would play again even if my save file gets corrupted or something"
76561198026520396,Recommended,435150,35096473,Posted: 20 September,all,Spanyell,After 15 hours:Stop reading these reviews and just buy it. It's the best modern RPG out there.After 60 hours:This might be up there as one of the best games ever made.These are words I don't take lightly. Buy it now.
76561197983495065,Recommended,435150,35216400,Posted: 25 September,all,Meta$ploit,Absolutely amazing.  Top of it's class.  Well done.
76561198072182098,Recommended,435150,35055504,Posted: 18 September,all,Exodus,Good Music.Nice Graphics.Great Tactical Combat.Amazing Rpg elements.Masterpiece of a Game.
,Recommended,435150,35055668,Posted: 18 September,all,Soggie,"Awesome lore, awesome mechanics, and awesome visuals.Loved the first Original Sin and this takes it even further.Co-Op is still great.Still have much left to explore and can't wait to continue playing."
,Recommended,435150,35055414,Posted: 18 September,all,Holy,30h in and I'm still at the first part of the game. So many things to do. It's amazing!
,Recommended,435150,35055613,Posted: 18 September,all,NuclearAnarchy,"Do you like in-depth RPG's where you can go where you want, do what you want, kill who you want, and make your own story in general? Then this game is for you. Want to play single player? Splitscreen co-op? LAN co-op? Online co-op? PVP Arenas? It's got all of that.Don't think about it, just buy this game. It's worth it."
76561198177640862,Recommended,435150,35227189,Posted: 26 September,all,WitchRanger,"EVERY GAMER SHOULD AT LEAST TRY IT.(And Dev if you can see this I don't recommend translating it into Chinese atm despite many requests I saw. I speak four languages and TBH your game is just too good to not be fully translated and I doubt you have that kind of resources. Not the biggest companys have that. I feel the pain but sorry guys, I would learn English or any language just for this game.)TL;DR: We cant acheive perfection, but this game is as close as we can get. You don't know you can play better games until you play this one. And we deserve better (Yes, you, AAAs). And I'm not just talking about RPGs, I'm talking about all games.Full Comment:It is very hard to describe how and why this game is so perfect to others because of it's uniquness. It almost feels like a lot of 'great' RPGs (and some non-RPGs) got mixed up but instead of acheving nothing, this game acheived perfection.I can only describe it as the perfect combo of Elder Scrolls series, Diabllo 3, Dragon Age series, a little Dark Souls even a little taste of WOW. It ditched all of the things I hated about those game and kept the greatness of them. Then, created its own perfection like no other. Hell, every game I've ever played can learn somthing form this game.Did you ever play Destiny 1 & 2 and thinking why can't they have a better story?Did you ever play Elder Scrolls Skyrim and thinking its a pity the graphics isn't that good?Did you ever play Elder Scrolls Online and wondering why is everybody losing thier loved ones and you have to do the same type of quest a thousand times?Did you ever tired of grinding in Diabllo and wanting just a little bit more in the end-game?Did you ever hope Dark Souls is not that dark ?...And are you playing games while thinking why is every game nowadays so similar to each other? Why every game must tell you what to do and what not? Why the 'freedom' they are offering just doesn't feels like true freedom? (Yes I'm talking to you Tomb Raider & ElderScrolls.)ALL the complaints you may have about games may have been sloved already, by this very game.BUY THIS VERY GAME."
76561198122352417,Recommended,435150,35228066,Posted: 26 September,all,thomo,"Larian Studios, with Divinity: Original Sin 2, have put forward an astonishingly strong claim for the greatest RPG of all time.Simply put, this is by an embarrassingly wide margin, the best game of 2017."
,Recommended,435150,35209653,Posted: 25 September,all,Molag Zaal,"THE best RPG I've ever played, Hands down."
76561198022063887,Recommended,435150,35056180,Posted: 18 September,all,Mystery Gamer Man,Utterly amazing. I wish there were more RPGs like this.Quality of product reminds me of the witcher 3 (obviously different genre)
,Recommended,435150,35054752,Posted: 18 September,all,Luigi,"They killed our black cat, so we killed they whole fort.When a game allows you to progress the game by any means it's a instant GOTY."
,Recommended,435150,35212216,Posted: 25 September,all,ninjannuity,"Did you ever love playing a tabletop RPG (DnD, DCC, MCC, etc) but the logistics of getting one together was hard? Look no further adventurer, for Divinity: Original Sin 2 creates a tabletop experience right from your 'battlestation'.Naturally, the game is challenging and open, there are many options of how to play and what to do in any given scenario. Kill everybody! What the hell right, they're inyourway after all right? Or, befriend as many people (monsters, creatures, and animals as well) as is possible! What the hell right, they're part ofyouradventure after all right? Dialogue is so well done in this game, so profoundly voice acted that most characters have a unique feel and attitude as well as conversation choices (often per Origin character, meaning the five Origin characters have unique interactions with the world).Character creation is fluid, meaning, at a certain point in the game you have an opportunity to re-spec each character in your campaign into a better presentation of what you wanted in the game. For example, didn't like the summoner healer and instead wanted a summoner ranger? Well, why not! Or perhaps a jack of all trades? That is probably one of the more enriching experiences of the game, feeling as though one did not ♥♥♥♥ up in terms of how they allotted skill points.One of my favorite elements is the use of surface elements (blood & water, or either electrified, ice, fire, poison, oil, and cursed ground -- you'll see that for the first time and it is an intense experience especially on harder difficulties).But beyond that, the playing with friends experience is open and ongoing. Say a friend can only hop in for a few hours on the weekend, while you've played 34 hours in 3 days? Well, they can jump into one of the characters you have, re-spec them to their liking, finish a couple quests and get out all while continuing along your level base and campaign. (and you can do the same to their campaign, should they ever make one)PROS:- Great character development and voice acting- Awesome fluidity in how to build characters- Satisfying and intense turn-based combat (on Tactician it is hard, but not impossible)- Rewarding unique playstyles without catering too much to cheese (without giving it away, the game will sometimes know if you cheese certain puzzles)- Ongoing joining/leaving process for party play with friends- Brings visualization to the tabletop experience (imo, but still)- An absolutely enormous amount of content- Challenging and fun (or frustrating and befuddling) puzzles!- Connecting the dots on quests can be sometimes misleading, meaning the player needs to actually put in the work to logically figure out what the questbook/discovered dialogue related to the quest means in order to complete it -- this is not always straightforward and direct.CONS:- There actually are some bugs, believe it or not, and because of that remember (REMEMBER!) to save OFTEN- Somewhat slow-paced (not a personal con, as tabletops are slow-paced, but I have heard this be a turn off so I include it)- Some quests are easy to miss or hard to figure out due to the last point on PROS, (not a personal con, but it is something that may frustrate people who aren't used to having the game hold their hand through exploration/decision making related to important quests)tl;dr: great open RPG with turn-based combat akin to tabletop gaming, think outside the box and be rewarded, discover more about the characters and races and be rewarded (or disgusted). Combat is wonderful, albeit tricky, and full of dazzling experiences. Great for picking up and leaving off with friends who have busy or demanding schedules.If you're a fan of turn-based RPGs then give this one a go on sale, or if you're a die-hard tabletop RPG person pick it up when you can. If you have friends you can convince to play this with you, do that, probably one of the best buddy-gaming experiences I have had in a great while."
,Recommended,435150,35214341,Posted: 25 September,all,The Ridiculous Rav,"I like it, but buyer beware it doesn't play like a ""modern"" RPG at all. It's really tough, but the non-combat gameplay is so encompassing that I can almost overlook it.I'm playing on the 2nd easiest difficulty, and I've spent most of my time playing this game just trying to beat the first three fights. All the fights are so difficult that I have to save-scrub each of them multiple times; I can't imagine how hard playing this on the hardest difficulty is.Super in-depth lore, lots of stuff to be engrossed inside. The world feels a lot like a less grim Path-of-Exile (you're sent to a prison island), which I like a lot.I'm about to restart the game on the easiest difficulty. I'm not super into RTS or ""Strategy"" games, but I do like RPG's. I'd recommend people who haven't played Divinity Original Sin 1 to do the same, and if you think the game is too easy after the first few fights just amp up the difficulty."
76561198007430613,Recommended,435150,35194785,Posted: 24 September,all,Kansiov,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is not just a throwback to the glory days of Baldur's Gate and Fallout, it's a middle finger to the present-day state of games. The developers clearly love the job they're doing, and the effort they've put into this sequel shows. Furthemore, Larian Studios have been very transparent about the features you're getting for full price. If you love cRPGs, or even RPGs in general, this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,435150,35195330,Posted: 24 September,all,Epwna,"Probably one of the best RPGs of all time. Excellent blend of old school and new school, and a seemingly infinite number of RPG/story choices"
76561198297298245,Recommended,435150,35205673,Posted: 25 September,all,twilitewalkr,"Only 26 hours in and I'm still not ready to leave chapter 1. There is so much exploring, quest hunting and lore searching that it's easy to be overwelmed.Combat is tough and unforgiving but is also deeply rewarding once you figure out which tactics work. There is no brute forcing your way through battles, you will need to plan ahead and fight dirty if you have to because if you don't the enemies will.The writing is deep and rich with NPC's changing their dialogue based on how you speak to them, who you speak to them with and what action you took in the past.Music is decent and voice acting is solid but even more impressive is that every single line of NPC's dialogue is voiced, from narator to animals, which all helps draw you further into the games world.I've never played a Divinity game before but I am a fan now, well done Larian Studios. If you love role playingand stratergy games then this is something well worth sinking your time into."
76561197987382297,Recommended,435150,35219409,Posted: 26 September,all,Ashi,+++++++
76561198091327308,Recommended,435150,35177004,Posted: 24 September,all,Oiljug,"This game is awesome. Its pretty much D&D. Now i can play D&D with two friends online.BE WARNED: The UI is sort of ""clunky"" and takes A LOT to get used to it. You will waste many turns getting used to it."
76561198192716381,Recommended,435150,35204014,Posted: 25 September,all,Will Scarlett,"Have you not bought this game, Are you thinking that perhaps all the fantastic reviews are wrong and it`s terrible....FREAK!Just to say I`m one picky bugger when it comes to games but even I can`t help but give this game a 10/10, If you like RPG`s, with deep dialogue and witty, interesting stories and great fast moving and at times complex combat tactics this game is for you.If it was 3D, And this world was put inside the Skyrim engine I`m not sure alot of people would ever get any work done me included."
76561198040048902,Recommended,435150,34945307,Posted: 14 September,all,Lil Broomstick,If you play one game this year make it this one.
76561197990385012,Recommended,435150,34994579,Posted: 16 September,all,Lobo_Spinz,"My first review ever! I have never played or heard of divinity and I recently had shoulder surgery so I can only use 1 hand. I saw game play and features and that sold me. 20 hours in and i am fully immersed. This game is absolutely helping me recover in the funnest way. Amazing writing as well as voice acting. Game is very much open world, you make choices that can hinder or help. I haven't felt this into a game since The Witcher 3 (AND BELIEVE ME THAT IS MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME) Origin characters are all unique and each one has a very deep background yet to uncover. I picked a character and by accident made my group all the same class as me. But I have no problem restarting either as the same character or different because of the many many ways the world can be approached. I have yet to finish Act 1 but am looking forward to the next arcs. There are so many ways to go about this game its insane, pretty much endless replayability. If you like turn based, open world, crpg combat (Like Fallout 1&2 or Balder's Gate) and I was never the biggest fan of those closest was Xcom 2. But if they make more rpgs or any game for that matter with developers this dedicated the gaming world would change. Thank you Larian for going above and beyond for this game! At the end of the day, BUY THIS GAME, you will not regret it. Other studios follow in Larian's footstep and you will deserve the same praise.10/10 and I am not even done, pretty much buy this game if you want endless hours of choices, dialogue, combat and much more! I have yet to play multiplayer but will update once I find a group to play with and will update how multiplayer is. I will also update once I get passed Act 1 and give my full impressionOh and its fully voice acted 80,000 lines so not much reading."
76561198259731909,Recommended,435150,34992110,Posted: 16 September,all,Endorcoven,"Only just started with the game but can already tell this is really, really, really good.As a teenager i used to play AD&D (the pen and paper version), and no computer game has ever given me the same freedom and magic feeling. D:OS2 does though. Forget just searching for the strongest fireball spell to win every battle until the end of the game. In this game you soak your opponents with a waterspell, then elctrocute them with a thunder spell, then freeze them with ice and then finish them with the two daggers i found in the opening level. If they are still alive freeze a waterfall, lure them in their path and unfreeze it with fire.Yep it's amazing.Oh and if playing with the elements is not your thing, you can also turn enemies in chickens, teleport heavy objects on them, sneak and backstab them, use mind control spells, spawn mosquitos or wasps or basically whatever you can come up with. It's probably an option in the game. Want to play along with the people that hold you captive? Do so. Want to rebel against them? Do so.Another thing is the use of objects in the game. A bucket can be filled with a liquid, but it can also be used as a helmet. Most objects have the option ""combine with"", still scratching the surface of what is possible there. You can talk with animals if you have the right skill. You can use the lore skill to gain information about you surroundings.Just two hours in i already feel i want to replay the game just to see what happens. I can't wait to have more magic and find more creative ways to use them. I want to develop more skills and just play around with them.This game comes so close to a pen and paper rpg i actually feel 15 again (now 36), and really gives you all the options to shape your adventure the way you want. This game is just amazing.Anyone who has even the slightest interest in playing top down RPG-games should buy this. Take your time, explore, play your role and enjoy this masterpiece.11/10"
,Recommended,435150,35008632,Posted: 16 September,all,[666]Scarex,"Just finished Act 1, Divinity Original Sin 2 is a immersive, fun & addictive game. I recommend it to plyers who love rpg games."
,Recommended,435150,25938417,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Biggrouse,"Extremely good even if you pretend it's not an early access. The current build took me longer to beat than many modern games, had a real tactical challenge to it, and barely felt like an alpha. I only encountered a few text errors, other than that this feels more polished than most games released in 2016.There's only one act in the current build of early access. It'll probably take you around 8+ hours to beat it depending on exploration, difficulty, how good you are, so on. Yep, they aren't lying in the description when they say act 1 has 8-12 hours. I struggled with a lot of the earlier fights so it took me about 14 hours of gameplay.I am very much looking forward to the full game. This has a metric ton of potentinal. The story has caught my attention, the character building is solid, the gameplay is challenging and tactical.If I had to find a concern going forward, it's balance. Certain builds/playstyles, especially 1h + shield, seem useless and underpowered. But they have plenty of time to fix these sorts of things."
76561198029534981,Recommended,435150,34636838,Posted: 31 August,all,Mayomaximus,Game isn't even entirely out yet and I'm having an absolute blast. My only complaint so far is that sometimes when combat starts the playable characters run off in a random direction
76561198020429630,Recommended,435150,35006364,Posted: 16 September,all,35sm,2 times better than 1st one.
76561198050003244,Recommended,435150,34518545,Posted: 26 August,all,kyocatme,This game is in alfa and got more content than the 90% of the games out there!
,Recommended,435150,34996789,Posted: 16 September,all,Mekanizm,Play ElfEat bodypartsLearn stuffRepeatVery enjoyable game and gameplay. Excellent voice acting.
,Recommended,435150,34989302,Posted: 15 September,all,『S P E S H』,"So far, this game has been one of the better games within recent history that I've played. The style and general feel of the game is amazing, with a nice top-down/tilted camera view, as well a large amount of dialogue and voice acted dialogue contained within the game. The voice acting itself is great so far, and I can't wait to hear more. What really makes it fun is the 4-Player co-op mode. It just really livens the game to be able to play a RPG like this one with your friends. I'd say this is definitely a must-buy."
,Recommended,435150,34990334,Posted: 16 September,all,Korrekt,"One of the few turn based games that's worth playing. Top music, design and gameplay."
76561198099938738,Recommended,435150,34708841,Posted: 3 September,all,Gypsy #1,The best RPG-Series i´ve ever played. And constantly getting better and better! Will be the best RPG for now! Massive World and hopefully late game content!
76561198178552958,Recommended,435150,34996639,Posted: 16 September,all,NIUKing,"2 days non stop just finished chapter 1,had 30 hours in. basically took my life away, this is how good game is."
76561197998291214,Recommended,435150,34996406,Posted: 16 September,all,Kaladin,"I'm only 3 hours in but I can already tell this game is going to become one of my favourites. The world is rich, the characters all have interesting and deep backstories and the game play is interesting and fun.Kind of like a mix between X-Com and Baldurs Gate! Good stuff."
,Recommended,435150,35000280,Posted: 16 September,all,TytheFive,Stop reading. Start playing.
,Recommended,435150,35012595,Posted: 16 September,all,RunThePlaceRed,"How does this game not have Overwhelmingly Positive reviews?   Where he is me, I am whelmed, overly so.  $45 is a steal for this game."
,Recommended,435150,34995219,Posted: 16 September,all,Frittentime,rly nice game quite hard to carry randy barri and goose still fun
76561198057609484,Recommended,435150,34871243,Posted: 10 September,all,[TUT]AbcAllThEWay,"Divinity Original sin 2, such a good game like its basically a ""simulator of do anything ya want"" if ya wanna kill that npc do that! if ya wanna ♥♥♥♥ up quests do that too! xD the battles are really good with the turn based system and it feels really good to be able to turn 1 kill archers etc. with a op assasin Sebile. I dont know why but i feel like its a mix with like skyrim and turn based lovable games!"
76561198026065646,Recommended,435150,35013476,Posted: 16 September,all,keystothemachine,"I've not been engrossed in an RPG game since the Witcher 3. This game just oozes atmopshere I wish I could be a part of this world they built. The level of detail is staggering, the voice acting superb. This game is an absolutle dream"
,Recommended,435150,25700685,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Baud,"The only downside to this game if you liked Original Sin is that you're going to have to wait until they release the other acts :'(. Also, there's still a few missing mechanics and small bugs. If that bothers you, go ahead and wait. Otherwise, just wait. Definitely worth the $45 knowing Larian's dedication."
76561198102154186,Recommended,435150,35010709,Posted: 16 September,all,Roy Mus7ang,What a game full of challenge and fun!
,Recommended,435150,35057944,Posted: 18 September,all,Stoic Romance,"Had exploratory intimate relations with a skeleton in the tutorial section,  10/10"
76561198041367707,Recommended,435150,28931759,Posted: 1 January,all,vladdy94,"Decided to pick this game up after trying out the first one. As far as early access games go this one is fairly solid. The interesting thing about Divinity: Original Sin 2, is that it doesn't hold your hand for you. Quest tracking is done minimaly meaning any progress you tend to make usually feels rewarding. There is currently no voice acting within the game, which in my opinion is a bit of a downside, however it does not take away too much from the experience. I would highly recommend this game and can easily say that the full version can't come soon enough"
,Recommended,435150,32595288,Posted: 20 June,all,frgvn,Early on in the game I run into a little black cat that I quickly grow attached to. After exploring for a while with my new found furry friend I come across the gates of the main and a guard murders my wonderful companion. It was at this point that I decided that all magisters must die!
76561198014303823,Recommended,435150,34974010,Posted: 15 September,all,☩♋☩ Jack Sparrow,This game makes turn-based RPG games fun. What else do you need to know?
76561198012883252,Recommended,435150,31639154,Posted: 8 May,all,Capnflintlock,"Great story telling, beautiful ambience, and intriguing and adaptable combat make the game a joy to play through. If you are in to turn based titles, or are new to the genre, this is a great series to deep your feet into. Combat has a lot of depth to it, but is also not that hard to pickup. For example, you can get by most of the time with just attacking enemies manually with different attacks. Howver, you can also create a lot of interesting interactions with varying abilities and the environment. One of my favorite combos from the previous game included summoning a bomb minion whose speciality included.... well blowing himself up. I'd then douse my opponent in oil, and teleport my bomb minion directly over their heads. The result created a resounding explosion and firestorm. There is just so much room for creativity in the Divinity series that combat always feels interesting and satisfying.Some class types and the majority of the story are missing, but if you want to buy in to the game early, and get a discount, now is the time."
,Recommended,435150,34967780,Posted: 15 September,all,JohnnieWalker919,"This game delivers joy that I haven't experienced in a turn based RPG before. The story, setting, and co-op remind me of glorious nights in Baldur's Gate years ago while the combat mechanics feel like today's successor to Final Fantasy Tactics. This game has provided a great way to connect with my friends in combat that is engaging and plot choices that are always keeping you on your toes. I'd highly recommend playing this with a few friends to get the best experience possible.I put 26 hours into the pre-release prologue the week before release and cannot wait to play through the rest of the game. The amount of love that the developer put into this game is evident. I'll happily support an independent developer creating such high quality content any day of the week."
,Recommended,435150,35002383,Posted: 16 September,all,Sterling Archer,Insanely addictive and I find myself never being bored at any given moment.
,Recommended,435150,35006086,Posted: 16 September,all,ekrow,The Red Prince did nothing wrong
,Recommended,435150,35005916,Posted: 16 September,all,RedYoshiGod,very fun game but in multiplayer has quite a few issues
,Recommended,435150,35100072,Posted: 21 September,all,Merkaba,No game has ever made me consider becoming a NEET more thatn Divinity Original Sin 2.
,Recommended,435150,25611757,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,☂Mawiois,"I'll start off by saying I love this game. Really, really do. But holy crap, how you go from near perfect (Mid-EA) to an unfocused mess so fast.1. What you'll hear much about, is the damage resist system that blocks status effects. At first sounds like a good idea, but dig a little deeper into the mechanics and you realize this is a terrible system. Stunning, burning, knocking enemies down keeps the fight in balance, and a big part of the first game. Now it's a DPS fest.And it's not only that, but since the beginning, there's been skills that remove these statuses. Is your fighter bleeding, poisoned, and on fire? Off the top of my head, Geomancer, Hydrosophist, Huntsman have abilities that remove these statuses. Why would we need an additional layer of armor just to slow things down?2. RNG loot. It's not a matter of ""did you get a two handed sword or a dagger"". It's ""did you get anything or an empty chest"". This is obviously tied to:3. Lack of money in the early game. Just so you understand, it's not only a matter of better gear, but the game's skills need to be bought too. You'll be collecting loot worth 4-20 gold, but an individual skill book costs 300. And the loot is very much finite. Now these books, you need to buy at least 1-5 for every character, to make them be able to do anything.You watch any thread, any video, and notice a pattern ""steal the books"". Why? Because it's the only way to get a working group going. There's just not enough money otherwise.4. Source skill system sucks. You need two resources to use later skills, Source points (one shot and it's gone, boom) and extra Memory slots (normal skills use 1, maybe 2 slots, these things 3). And these spells/skills really aren't that good, like really underwhelming. You'd expect an end of the world kind of spell, but nope.So what happens with these skills then? You just plain don't use them, and instead branch out your character to Polymorph or whatever.5. The voice acting is terrible. Not even funny bad, just bad.I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ I still recommend it I guess, everything else is decent. But hold out for a while unless they fix these."
76561198023282217,Recommended,435150,34968125,Posted: 15 September,all,DarkRevenant,"The whole magic armour/physical armour is a better system than the RNG rolls of the first game but takes some getting used to. Otherwise this is THE best turn based RPG you will ever play, alone or with friends."
,Recommended,435150,35093162,Posted: 20 September,all,Rentalsoul,This game is SO good. And for $45 you get an insane amount of content.
,Recommended,435150,35096492,Posted: 20 September,all,Booger of The Man,"TL:DR The game is ♥♥♥♥in' awesome enough to make me say, ""Let me write a quick review"" and write a chunk of text. This is one of my first reviews. Buy the game.Probably the best game I've played in a very long time. The character creation took me around an hour, the prolouge took me an hour, and the ""tutorial"" island has taken me around seven hours and counting of non-stop fun. I await the day I get off the island and see the whole game through. I'm starting to think that this ♥♥♥♥ing island is the entire game, but I can tell that the developers put a lot of damn work into a marvelous game that will make you feel like you're sitting at the DnD table experiencing the best storyline of your lifetime.The game is addicting, and hooks you with different storylines that make you want to come back onto the game everytime you open Steam. The combat is very difficult, yet very fun. The core element that makes the combat so fun is it's difficulty, it makes this ARPG have a sense of a RTS inside of it. You have to be smart about what moves you make, how you make them, and how you can use the enviornment around you to your advantage.To give you an idea of how much I approve of this game, this is the first review I've ever really written (I've wrote a few half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥derpy ones before). I believe this game, and its hard working developers deserve the Game of the Year award due to the amount of work they put into a game that was funded by a KICKSTARTER!This game shows you how GAMES are SUPPOSED to be made! This game isn't created by EA, Ubisoft, or some other company that pumps out half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished games to the public yearly just to pump in cash from fans of the older games who want to see if they have FINALLY fixed their beloved franchise. You don't come across a Halo Reach or a childhood memory quality game often nowadays, but this game will make you feel like a child again wanting to come home already so you can hop on your character and continue the storyline that you left off engrossed in.Please purchase this game if you love DnD, RPGs, RTSs, or anything of the sorts! These developers deserve the money, and YOU deserve a GOOD GAME for once instead of rubbish games like CALL OF DUTY INFINITE WARFARE!"
,Recommended,435150,35094603,Posted: 20 September,all,sludg3feast,"I kind of hate this game, but I also recognize that it's a fantastic game. I loved that I could just wander around finding quests and pickpocketing vendors. The story seems interesting, but because I'm terrible at the game I haven't even gotten off the island. Maybe I'll just play explorer. I guess I'm turing into a casual...Oh, and the autosave is atrocious."
76561198067382117,Recommended,435150,34987460,Posted: 15 September,all,Gecko,"Torrented the EA version of this game, fell in love and absolutely loved it.  Now that the full version has come out, I have noticed that they included quite a bit more, enough to make the game definitely feel like its worth 45$.  This game is an absolute must play.I would normally make a list of cons going to the stingiest levels, but this gaem has none.  However, with such a succesful kickstarter, I wish they would make the price of the game a little cheaper, but then again, they never asked for over 2 million in the kickstarter.This game filled the void that Baldurs Gate: Dark Alliance left me with all these years.I thank all the people who made this game happen. I now have so many hours of something to do that I actually enjoy."
,Recommended,435150,35104331,Posted: 21 September,all,Dubalicious,"Fane not only stole my face, but my life. He goes to work pretending to be me, while I stay at home lost in the myriad ways I can customize my party and playing experience. I work in healthcare but if my coworkers saw me standing in blood expecting something to happen I might prompt raised eyebrows. What? You didn't see the blue numbers float over my head?"
76561198050877956,Recommended,435150,35104279,Posted: 21 September,all,Lunitari,An outstanding RPG massive amounts of freedom and immersion into this world. High recommedation for those people that enjoy story driven charcter based RPG
76561198087550785,Recommended,435150,34952691,Posted: 14 September,all,cab5392,"A throwback to the RPG's of my childhood. Icewind dale, Baldur's gate, Planescape, and all the greats. A refreshing game in the modern day hand holding and ""yellow brick road"" showing you to your next objective."
76561198081324652,Recommended,435150,35103258,Posted: 21 September,all,Serpico,Should be 95%.
,Recommended,435150,34983454,Posted: 15 September,all,Jampski,Its the closest thing you will get to the freedom D&D gives you and it has its own Dungeon master mode. The AI is smart and makes every fight interesting and the combos you can pull of with the skills and abilities are fantastic. Get This Game.
,Recommended,435150,34812570,Posted: 8 September,all,Jinxed,Dangerous! You can easily loose track of time and space while playing!
,Recommended,435150,34625831,Posted: 30 August,all,Gibson,Astounding depth and possibilities.  True pen & paper freedom.
76561198059460882,Recommended,435150,34913088,Posted: 12 September,all,Traven Kirkwall,If you ever thought man I really want to play a good role playing game this is the Game that your brain is desperately trying to think of.
76561197972870782,Recommended,435150,35082346,Posted: 20 September,all,Kyrin,"Solidly improved on the first game.  Voice acting is great, dialogue is awesome.  Combat feels fluid and fun (and unforgiving if you get in the wrong area, but I don't like hand holding).  Interesting story so far and you don't need to play the first game for it to keep your attention."
76561197972766407,Recommended,435150,35072563,Posted: 19 September,all,Matrix-Swe,"Recruited the Red prince and ended up ""Belly down upon the bed"" and this all happen by accident. 10 / 10 would accident agian."
,Recommended,435150,35092215,Posted: 20 September,all,$19.99 on sale for $20.00,Almost off the island...
76561198038536260,Recommended,435150,35093450,Posted: 20 September,all,Zolombo,"It's good, real good, maybe even the best!"
,Recommended,435150,35040875,Posted: 18 September,all,MojoJojo,"Just doin my part to bring this to ""Overwhelming"" status.I have never made a steam review, but this may be the only game that I do one for. I study games art design at university, so I know most of the intricacies and problems that developers face when making a game. Larian is my ♥♥♥♥ing idol. They created a game with so many interesting mechanics, interactions and customisations that I could only dream of making one day.They not only provided their customers and fans with a great game, they did it through a platform that is notorius for scams and cashgrabs. The fact that Larian managed to do this twice, and go over their expected limit twice, shows you how loyal this community is to them. And if a community is THAT loyal, then it only makes sense that the developers are just as loyal. Larian not only delivers on their promises, but they surpass them. Everyone knew, and even the devs themselves said, that voiceacting would be too much of a feat to include. And yet here we are.But for me, the best aspect of Larian Studios is their communication with their customers/fanbase. They made update videos throughout their whole development cycle, uploaded patches and continuously fixed problems that were in EA as noted by us the players. I usually wait until a game is released and read/watch reviews before buying it myself. But from watching all the update videos and seeing how passionate this developer was in their game and community, I just had to purchase it.Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a masterpiece. It adds so much that felt missing in the first game, and the first game already felt wholesome and grand. I used to play a few top down RPGs/cRPGs when I was a little kid on my family's box PC running windows 98. I tried replaying the Baulder's Gate series recently and I just can't get into it. I can't replay any of those games just because of the dated visuals and mechanics. Even most modern RPGs feel slightly dated in how the game plays. DOS2 is the opposite. It not only looks modern..it feels modern. The combat is intellectually challenging, rewards thinking-out-of-the-box, mechanically complex, and satsifying.That ticks the biggest box for me, because whilst a game can have a great narrative, I'm more of a gameplay-first person. But the other great thing about DOS2 is...that it has an absolutely amazing narrative. I haven't even finished the first act. I've only just escaped Fort Joy, and yet, the dialogue and interactions I've had with each npc I've come across so far has been so immersive and delicately crafted. The writing is superb, and the added voiceacting (which is equally amazing) emphasises it even more.The only flaws that the game has, in my opinion, are:- Speed of combat. I don't mind the length of casting animations and whatnot. But I absolutely dislike when it takes years for a character, especially something that usually has a slow walking animation, to move around in combat if its large or open area. I actually haven't looked into the settings all that much, but I really do want a combat speed option or slider.- The range of customisation in terms of visual aesthetic. The customisation for skills and roles are amazing. But I do feel like there could be more assets for faces and facial accessories. For example, the only human female face I liked was the first one. And I wish there were more hairstyles overall. The colour palletes have good range though. This can be changed with mods I'm guessing.   (Maybe in the next game, we can customise more specifically; eye colour, nose shape, etc. That would be amazing! :D)Overall, I'm glad that this game has had such a success. But what I'm more glad for is the developers themselves. We would not have this game and the reassurance of its quality without Larian Studios bringing their best. I'm looking forward to countless replays, and creating a few mods myself.10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34960555,Posted: 14 September,all,Wuko,Amazing game! So many options and so much to do! Would recommend! 9/10
,Recommended,435150,34967238,Posted: 15 September,all,Herraviiksi,"Truly one of the great cRPG's of this era.Interesting characters, everything is voice acted, combat is fun and challenging with combining the elements for combos.The undead race is something completely new (atleast for me).Soundtrack is amazing with full orchestra.Recommended for anyone who is a fan of the genre."
76561198048033295,Recommended,435150,34967133,Posted: 15 September,all,Wolf,"This game is amazing, The devs took all feedback during early access and really made this game into something they and the community can be proud of."
76561198009975303,Recommended,435150,35041627,Posted: 18 September,all,Khyron,"Yes, it really is that good.There's nothing I can tell you that would be different from all the praise you've read elsewhere.But I confirm that it is true.Easily the game of the year so far."
76561198041663164,Recommended,435150,35030564,Posted: 17 September,all,Reinsol,"Takes all that was great about the first one and expands it, twice over.It's really just as great as everyone says."
,Recommended,435150,35044196,Posted: 18 September,all,Agak Semi Manual,"Exceeded my expectations by an awesome marginbeautiful story, challenging gameplay, good graphics, fully voiced and nicely optimized."
76561198025643730,Recommended,435150,35044215,Posted: 18 September,all,Centax,"Fenomenal RPG with really uniqe characters, amazing ""classes"" and hell, i'd pay the full price for the sound track alone"
,Recommended,435150,35043984,Posted: 18 September,all,Eagleon,"Amazing game that runs great.Developer has been really good at pushing out patches here and there, though I myself havent ran into any ground breaking bugs.Good storyline so far, great music, battles are amazing and require the use of strong tactics.Overall, loving the game so far."
76561197991166451,Recommended,435150,35044532,Posted: 18 September,all,gwehydd,Only one thing to wish for : May the game never end !
76561198005615605,Recommended,435150,35039963,Posted: 17 September,all,Lethal Games,"Divinity Original Sins 2 is an RPG that greatly emphasis freedom of choice and lets you play however you want. The endless combinations of classes, skills, talents, and abilities allow for extensive character customization. Dialogue tags, full voice acting, and quests that have multiple solutions means your story can be crafted just the way you want. The replayability value is insanely high even without the addition of a modding system. If you're a fan of D&D and the game itself isn't enough to satisfy you, there's also a Game Master mode where it's pretty much a D&D simulator. This is one of the best cRPGs to come out in a very long time and one of the best RPGs since The Witcher 3.For a full detailed review check out my YouTube review here:https://youtu.be/owaL3eOILlUPros:Full voice actingFreedom of choices (dialogue and quests)High ReplayabilityGreat Customization optionsGood StoryWonderful Graphics and SoundCons:Steep learning curve to combat if you're new to the seriesInventory system is not great"
76561198008627882,Recommended,435150,35039440,Posted: 17 September,all,ManAnimal,This game is simply fantastic.
76561198039458758,Recommended,435150,35038532,Posted: 17 September,all,Bambukas,Great game...everything we wanted to from Fallout 4 and we don't have it20\10
,Recommended,435150,34960812,Posted: 14 September,all,Skdursh,"Excellent game expect for this glitch with my controller that I can't seem to fix. Only writing this because I am hoping that somehow this gets to Larian. The game works perfectly with a mouse and keyboard but for some reason in game while trying to use my PS4 controller, I am not at all able to rotate the camera. Everything else works and I am even able to use the right stick to rotate my character in the equipment screen or while creating the character, but when trying to actually play the camera absolutely refuses to rotate, but I can still zoom in and out. Really hoping there is a hotfix for this in the works, because I much preferred playing the first one with a controller as I am not a huge fan of mouse and keyboard in this style of top down tactical rpg game."
76561198021486282,Recommended,435150,35026827,Posted: 17 September,all,Creamy,"Lots of bugs, but fire and oil work on most of them. HA!Amazing writing, artwork, game mechanics, music.No crashes on my Win 10 system.GOTY 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,35017303,Posted: 17 September,all,The Deliverator,"That's what I'm talking about!CRPG developers, start taking notes.GM MODE IS IMPORTANT IN CRPGs. WE ARE NO LONGER IN 1998.ROLEPLAYING IS NOT A SOLITARY ACTIVITY, NOR ONE THAT SHOULD END WHEN WE RUN OUT OF PREMADE CONTENT.Yes, this would still be a great game if it were singleplayer-only, but the fact that I can play alongside (and GM for) my friends and fellow RPG-lovers is what elevates this game beyond the rest.GM mode shall henceforth be MANDATORY for ANY and EVERY CRPG."
76561197999896689,Recommended,435150,34871870,Posted: 10 September,all,HurtMeGently,"If you liked Divinity: Original Sin, you should play this one too.  It's like that, but more."
76561198031097931,Recommended,435150,34871798,Posted: 10 September,all,CODE.Potato,Rediculously Good.  Play it.
,Recommended,435150,35029672,Posted: 17 September,all,liem,"Extremely impressed with Divinity: Original Sin 2. The sequel is an improvement on the original in almost every way and its hands down my favourite RPG in recent memory. Voice acting is great, quests and storylines (so far) are really engaging and combat is challenging yet well-balanced and super satisfying. A must have game for any RPG fan."
76561198014350940,Recommended,435150,34983756,Posted: 15 September,all,Px.Sneaky_Arab,"I have only put a few hours in but already I am in love with this gem of a RPG. Beautiful graphics, great combat, engaging NPC's, good storyline. A definitive must have for fans of the Fantasy genre and RPG nuts. The music help set's the scene and fits in beautifully with the game. The AI is rather smart and can be quite difficult to overcome in some battles but persistence is a key. Being a big fan of Forgotten Realms books this is this game comes as close to that setting more so than some of the true D&D games."
76561198006532867,Recommended,435150,35242150,Posted: 27 September,all,Vinex,"About 50 hours in and still feel about half way through.The detail put into this game is amazing.  You can interact and puzzle solve almost every situation.Hundreds of skill build possibilities and Larian did a fabulous job ""saying yes"" to crazy ways you can play with the world."
,Recommended,435150,35084189,Posted: 20 September,all,blizter.toto,Possibly one of the best rpg ever made.
,Recommended,435150,35089734,Posted: 20 September,all,4funzies,Best game ever!
76561198005089768,Recommended,435150,35084068,Posted: 20 September,all,Drumroll,Took a small holliday for this game. Its worth it
,Recommended,435150,35255704,Posted: 27 September,all,Arkay,been bored for the last two monthsthis game solved that
,Recommended,435150,35256073,Posted: 27 September,all,shkeptikal,"If you're even slighty into the RPG genre, you're doing yourself a disservice by not owning this game.Buy it."
76561198066238151,Recommended,435150,35019313,Posted: 17 September,all,KillAllCreatures,This game is amazing. 'nuff said. You know a game is amazing if it drains hours and hours out of your day away and you didn't dread a single second of it.
,Recommended,435150,35252719,Posted: 27 September,all,Chrysler,"Almost 40 hours in the game and I'm still on Fort Joy enjoying every dialogue, choices, challenges the game offers. Truly a GOTY contender for me. I miss this kind of RPG. If you are still on the fence on buying this, please for the love of God buy this! You can eat people's limbs and gain their memory ffs! :)"
76561198368698138,Recommended,435150,35237275,Posted: 27 September,all,power ranger 171415,u can play this game by following your own favourite pattern.. damn♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nice
,Recommended,435150,35216258,Posted: 25 September,all,K4Rt1k,Amazing (thats it !)
76561197998380228,Recommended,435150,35239719,Posted: 27 September,all,Spieledota,My cojones falling down from the betweeen of my legs to the ground and further into hell. What the good is the people under the game creation. Very good fandango is the game 12/10. 88 hours played and still haven't crossed the equator of the game. Escapate esta noche conmigo bb :*. Recommended to everyone. If anyone needs money to enjoy this game send me a pm and I will tell them to work hard to earn enough money to pay for it. A classic. Estellar. Fantastic. Espectacular. Superve. Antológico. Every people in the night. Very nicely good. Banda in the sonour is best listened under the calm of a cold in the evening under the chicken soup. Coffee + cigarrete = mud maniquin.
,Recommended,435150,35239743,Posted: 27 September,all,Fallen,Pretty good game
76561197987203275,Recommended,435150,35095078,Posted: 20 September,all,Thesco,"Few other games have ever come close to how good the roleplay in this game is, and I think it sets a new standard for an RPG that lets you customize your character and still play it the way you want to. The way the game reacts to your unique decisions with each character, each skillset, each alignment--and have it be appropriate and consequential for every combination is astonishing, and I don't think it has ever been done as well as this."
,Recommended,435150,34950625,Posted: 14 September,all,Zed,And here..... we...... GO!
76561198027113981,Recommended,435150,35095197,Posted: 20 September,all,Largecow,I spent 7 hours in character creation. I don't know what the game is like yet but man is it a blast.
,Recommended,435150,35095253,Posted: 20 September,all,The Butcher of Blaviken,The best (C)RPG ever.
,Recommended,435150,35237890,Posted: 27 September,all,Arfurboy,Great co-op and single player game. Well written dialog and fun combat.
76561198053298215,Recommended,435150,35238086,Posted: 27 September,all,Ryuu,Died on Honour mod for fourth time. Still looking forward to play again.
,Recommended,435150,35195465,Posted: 24 September,all,Dirtbag Dave,"This game is phenomal, I haven't this much fun in a game since.... I don't even know when. The story, graphics, sound, gameplay, roleplaying, and polish are unparrelled. If you are at all interested in fantasy rpg's or DND do yourself a favor and buy this gem.The coop is amazing and is fully playable with a friend and makes the game that much better.GOTY 2017"
76561198165365165,Recommended,435150,35195500,Posted: 24 September,all,xxPIXIExx,"This game is by far the best top down I've ever played, not only does the story constantly keep you involved,the game play is super smooth. I love it as a single player and multiplayer. I'll defintely play through more than once. #GameOfTheYear"
,Recommended,435150,35014128,Posted: 16 September,all,woodpipes,"This is hands down one of the greatest RPG's out there. The writing is incredible, the voice acting is far better than most, the music is fantastic and the combat is insanely rewarding. Honestly can't say enough about the quality and attention to detail going on here. 10/10"
76561198013299239,Recommended,435150,35204820,Posted: 25 September,all,AzgarthX,"The greatest turn based Rob game I've ever played. Truly amazing the amount of content the game has, the challenging fights, the amazing soundtrack and replayability not to mention GM mode which lets you create your own DnD style campaigns which is massively customizable and I'm pretty sure fans of the genre appreciate that. It's a must own for anyone into turn based Rob games with heavy strategy."
,Recommended,435150,35002430,Posted: 16 September,all,Pinkeh,Each hour in DOS2 I stray further from god.
76561198032074429,Recommended,435150,35105311,Posted: 21 September,all,Darksypher,"This game is perfection 10/10, the first one was their first stab at a new property and even that one was amazing, 9/10, slow start but amazing game and story.... this game, all the parts just click... recommend it 100%"
76561197978743398,Recommended,435150,35263449,Posted: 28 September,all,Cyber SGB,"Best cRPG I've ever played to date. I'd say, it's not for the combat or the story, but it's all the little things. The game has hidden secrets, surprises, good humor, and sad times throughout. Everything together provides me with a gaming rpg experience I've been wanting for many years.The only con is the game has taken over my life."
,Recommended,435150,35261484,Posted: 28 September,all,BUZZINGA !!!!,"Thumbs up! Good story, good game enough said."
76561198090499693,Recommended,435150,35265531,Posted: 28 September,all,Cadaresh,"I don't have alot of free-time in my hands, but I don't regret putting that time into this masterpiece, stunning visuals and detailed landscapes, awesome characters and athmosphere, fully narrated storyline and dialogue, wide variety of character classes and spells to choose from, and damn quality and atmospheric music to go with all that! Totally recommend this for anyone who likes rpg/crpg genre, you can easily get lost in this world for hours!"
,Recommended,435150,35268388,Posted: 28 September,all,Ching Chong Mountain Bruh,This is an amazing game with few minor bugs.It is up there in the Witcher 3-tier for me.
76561198360744011,Recommended,435150,35268846,Posted: 28 September,all,Bob Gray,"I'm a casual gamer, and I usually lose intrest in rpgs.  This is by far the best rpg i have played.  A little bit of a learning curve, but fun to learn, and very much worth it!  The thing that stands out the most to me is how great the combat system is.  You can get very creative by using the environment around you, more so than any rpg i've played.  Story is pretty good so far, characters are interesting, and stealing is fun and rewarding!  Definitely recommend this one!"
76561198005904863,Recommended,435150,35267280,Posted: 28 September,all,Vjsou,"I don't really know why, but, despite I loved Divinity (1), I never finished it.This one, however, is fantastic ! Just finished my first run and i'm going to start a new one.If you like turn-based + RPG + coop game --> this is the one."
76561197980006845,Recommended,435150,35267300,Posted: 28 September,all,Hagelslag,Finally found a game in line with my hobby irl: eating body parts and sharing their memories 11/10
76561198343556495,Recommended,435150,34981020,Posted: 15 September,all,Miro,Potions to be muscle youScrolls to entussle you
,Recommended,435150,34951529,Posted: 14 September,all,Arren,one of the best RPG I ever played10/10 must get if you're a hardcore RPG fan
76561198034357257,Recommended,435150,34950710,Posted: 14 September,all,Tofu Panda,Dwarves are short.
,Recommended,435150,34953905,Posted: 14 September,all,Disperze,great sequel for a great game. most negative reviews was written due to delaying some localizations for 1 week bit i think it's not a valid reason to spam negative reviews. this game is wonderfull overall.
,Recommended,435150,34948922,Posted: 14 September,all,LemonLion,"well i bought it 36 hours ago and ive played 18.6 hours of it, its pretty addictive and really fun to play"
,Recommended,435150,34959776,Posted: 14 September,all,Optical_Tyranno,"Great game. I believe I first started playing early on in the EA release after playing Original Sin and then Original Sin: Enhanced.Since then, I have played through the campaign several times at various points of development. The game still feels fresh after playing it several times because you always stumble upon some small secret, quest, or dialogue that you missed in previous playthroughs.The combat in the game is a challenge without feeling completely brutal and unforgiving like other turn-based games such as XCOM. Quick thinking and unconventional tactics can give you the edge in a fight that is against the odds.I have not yet started the official release, but the 274 hours I have clocked in early access already tell me that this game is going to be a true gem."
,Recommended,435150,34959570,Posted: 14 September,all,White Wolfy,"Finally, a decent RPG that isn't swindled with DLC cut outs."
,Recommended,435150,34959476,Posted: 14 September,all,LoungeLizard,Fantastic RPG. There's stuff here for everyone. Look at the top reviews
76561198076644775,Recommended,435150,34960766,Posted: 14 September,all,Chico Azevedo,I never have the patience to play a strategic combat RPG. I was hoping for a RPG that have all the choices i want in a RPG since the witcher 3. I have a huge smile in the first 2 hours of play. BUY this game!
,Recommended,435150,34963425,Posted: 14 September,all,Sir Hazard,Amazing game.  If you like the Divinity: Original Sin or D&D get this game.  Can't wait to start running campaigns with GM mode.
,Recommended,435150,34976183,Posted: 15 September,all,Yeshua,"Put 120 hours in DOS:EE. Put 20 hours in DOS2's Early Access. Excited to put even more time into this series. First playthrough of the full version is going strong, and I'm sure it won't be the last.Reccomend 10/10 literal G.O.A.T."
76561197995256814,Recommended,435150,35013729,Posted: 16 September,all,Corridian,"Just starting this version of the game, awesome stuff."
,Recommended,435150,35013364,Posted: 16 September,all,☆Raze,"I usally don't write reviews, but in this case I felt the need to do it.Short Version:This is a digital version of Dungeons & Dragons, so if you like that kinda thing, then go buy this game.Longer Version:Puts the ""Open-World"" of other Games to shame -This game offers many hours of fun for any RPG-Enthusiast out there. You can play this game any way you like, you can go and just play the Storyline and do some sidequests and be done with it, or alternatively you can also go explore the world, interact with almost every NPC in a unique way, find actually good and interesting secrets, but of course you can also just go mayhem and kill everyone you see, the game won't disallow that to happen.""Quests"" are also more like guidelines here. You rarely get a Questmarker, mostly you just get one by discovering the place you were tasked to find, but you always just get a somewhat vague idea of what you have to do next. You can always interact with the world and NPCs around you to make it a lot clearer and maybe get some other cool new stuff.You can also go about the Quests any way you like. Don't want to fight? Talk your way out of it! Want to just brute force your way through enemy-hotspots? Sure, knock yourself out! Want to sneak in through the backdoor and go out unnoticed? Sure thing!Amazing Character/World-Interaction -Then there is the Character Creator. You get to choose from 5 different Races and like 10 (didn't count them and am too lazy to look them up) different starting loadouts. Every race has its unique traits and skills. Even the world reacts to you differently depending on the race you play as. Also you are never bound to a class, you can always learn stuff from other branches, just level up, pop a point into it and you are ready to go. Same goes with the weapons of course, you can always use any weapon you want.You can play as a unique character or a custom character. Unique characters will have special dialogue options and some preset affiliances already going, where a custom character doesn't ave those. Custom Characters will only have special dialogue depending on their race and traits. A Soldier will be able to react differently than a Scholar for example. Even those choices in conversations will often alter the outcome.Combat with A LOT of depth -Here we have 4 difficulty modes, each with their own enemy-scaling and even unique features. You can go from ""Only really interested in the story, thanks."" to ""Let me be Napoleon 2.0"". The combat can be really easy up to rather very challenging with the AI reacting differently in every difficulty. But that aside, the actual depth of the combat in itself is already great. Basically you got 2 Attack Types and 5 Basic Elements and they all do interact with each other. This can lead to a cluster♥♥♥♥ of fire or poison all over the place at first, but quickly you discover that you can use a lot of it to your advantage, but so does that AI, and the AI will totally use it against you. Here is also where the coop really shines, when you get a full group of people going and can communicate and specialize. Which brings us to the next point...Really good Coop -Giving a game like this the option to play in coop-mode in a group of up to 4 players was an amazing choice and really fits the game. You can coordinate, play quests in ways you just couldn't do it on your own or just have everyone have that one unique trait to make a certain thing in the game a bit easier. I've played basically all my playtime in a group of 4 people and I gotta say, it is a lot of fun this way. Alone this game might get boring after some time, but in a group it 100% is something that can keep your group going for 100+ hours of playtime. I mean I'm 20 hours in and am not even out of the prologue yet with my group.All in all, it is a really nice game and I'd say it is totally worth the 45€! And since is basically an Indie-Game, buy it on steam and not on Keysites, please do help the developers make future games, because in an age where we get only AAA-Titles that are basically reskins from games that we got 5 years ago, this one really is a diamond. Not even a diamon in the rough, it already is a good diamond, just needs more publicity!"
,Recommended,435150,34940467,Posted: 13 September,all,Yargh Clooney,As soon as I started playing this game I knew it was going to be playing this game A LOT.I can't wait to see where this game takes me!
,Recommended,435150,34940013,Posted: 13 September,all,Thulhu,Great game. If you cant handle reading perhaps look elsewhere.
76561198004429095,Recommended,435150,34940116,Posted: 13 September,all,Taggart,"Played DoS:EE to completion (all achievements) and fell in love with it. Getting this game was a no brainer. The combat is much more complex and to be honest, a little more challenging. Cannot wait for tomorrow to get the full game and completely lose my life to this game!The attention to detail is incredible in these games. If you enjoy playing RPG's and could only choose 1 for the next ten years, this would be it."
76561198015075908,Recommended,435150,34940311,Posted: 13 September,all,Observer,DOS1 was one of my favorite RPGs ever made. DOS2 just makes everything great about the first game even better.
76561198067189612,Recommended,435150,34547755,Posted: 28 August,all,General Failure,"EA review.I've got what i needed, exactly what i have waiting for.I didn't go to far, because i wouldn't want to spoil the full game experience, but in terms of feeling, it is (for me) perfect.On technical standpoint it's also perfect, at least i haven't experienced any problems. I am waiting for the full release.I think it will yet again a crazy ride."
,Recommended,435150,34557662,Posted: 28 August,all,BabyGotBack!,More serious more gore more fun!
76561198012637554,Recommended,435150,34558677,Posted: 28 August,all,Vanthus,There are no words to describe this game other than 'It's perfect' Larian really outdid themselves with this <3
,Recommended,435150,35020021,Posted: 17 September,all,The Crab Maestro,"Hey, quick thing I want to say.If you like D&D, you will like this.If you like XCOM, you will like this.If you like any medieval fantasies, you will like this.If you like any of these things and many others that I have not listed, then buy this game."
,Recommended,435150,31953281,Posted: 25 May,all,Mason,"no voice acting.... this is both good and bad, but the only thing that in my opinion that could be called bad about this game, everything else is flawless so far."
,Recommended,435150,31958219,Posted: 25 May,all,Ithuriel,"Absolutely fantastic game, just like the original.  Well fleshed-out combat, a large and complex world to explore.  Plus you can wield a broom as a two-handed mace and wear a bucket as a helmet.  Don Quixote, anyone?"
,Recommended,435150,35048912,Posted: 18 September,all,Professor oak,"abosultely amazing between story, D&D game master mode and voice acting, gameplay is amazing. HIGHLY reccommend"
76561198018070334,Recommended,435150,35043480,Posted: 18 September,all,Kaze,"This game suffers from Fallout syndrome, in that the most efficient paths to power (meta) are lying/spycraft, theft (stationary and pickpocketing), and murder. Granted, theft does not give you XP, but it does give you monetary resources to improve your characters' abilities and/or gear.I mean, I know I didn't purchase a Harvest Moon game... but it would be nice to have some kind of karma system, or consequences to lies, theft, and murder other than hitting the quickload key...That said, the game itself is witty and has its own charm... while you're making paste out of the magisterial order..."
,Recommended,435150,35039721,Posted: 17 September,all,Silky Elton John,"Divinity Original Sin 2 ... This game just brought me back my love of the RPG genre.I own plenty of RPG games but haven't played many in quite some time. The last Divinity to be honest, couldn't hold my attention past the first town you enter. Not sure why, but I barely ever played it, dunno if I will again. Played through most of POE (lost my save , rage quit after), played the old fallouts, might and magic etc etc.. (Still have to try Tyranny).Most recently only Wasteland 2 was really the only turn based RPG I could enjoy, I never got the EA of this game, after to many bad calls with on EA titles, so waited till release. Boy am I glad I did.I still haven't left the starting area, only just found the Seekers, I've restarted 4 times on my own and twice with friends just to find that perfect build I like and pick up on things I missed or f*cked up on. The stratagy is inticing, gripping and fun as all hell in my opinion. The character customizaiton is wonderful, leaps better than the last game with so many more options (Undead Elf ftw!). The voice acting, atmosphere, skill list, enviroment, party members and quests are all so well done, I've barely scratched the surface and it's already the best I've seen in some time, if not ever.That added on top of playing with up to 3 other friends is amazing. Currently doing a duo party with a friend , both using Lone Wolf and having a blast. Once another friend or two get it, probably gonna be starting all over again, which is fine by me. This game pulls me in and is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast.P.S: The music is amazing....Giving this a 10/10 from me. Only The Witcher 3 had me near this excited in the past 6+ years of games."
76561198141696949,Recommended,435150,32033951,Posted: 28 May,all,jshadow4322,"This game is truly a wonderful experience for those who love a detailed rpg with limitless character custimizarion when it comes to combat and skills. The first act is the only one available currently, but it sucked me in and I can not wait for the full realease of the game. The only problem I have is the difficulty of some fights as they call for occasional cheese."
76561198091685335,Recommended,435150,32038227,Posted: 29 May,all,Dr.Pigwiggles,"I love this game. Every thing can be stolen and everyone can be killed. The elves are weird looking, but other than that the game looks amazing."
76561198105881998,Recommended,435150,35147667,Posted: 23 September,all,Ripper,"This game is fun  for everyone, unless you are lazy to read. I am impressed"
,Recommended,435150,35155434,Posted: 23 September,all,Nappi,"My vocabulary is not developed and complex enough for me to be able to put in words how much I love and cherish this game.Thank you, Larian Studios, for bringing such a breathtaking world of fantasy to life."
,Recommended,435150,35175964,Posted: 24 September,all,pphrah,"Nothing short of spectacular, game of the year RPG material.It is modelled on the old school RPG greats e.g. Baldur's Gate but injected with a wonderful UI and totally updated to feel fresh and playable to a newcomer to the genre.There is a refreshing lack of handholding, though some more casual players may find this a tad fustrating at times. Inventory management can also be, eh, tricky. There is a real element of difficulty to the combat, one must be making smart decisions always to hope to tackle tougher fights. However these small nitpicks are blasted away by an amazing plotline and story that grips you and never diminishes in quality.However, the game offers an incredible amount of content, 50+ hours for the meagre price of £30. The quality is sustained throughout, atleast as far as my 25 hour run so far has gleaned.  That is simply incredible. In the age of the 6 hour call of duty snorefest campaign, I can't think of a superior value propisition than games like Divinity Original Sin 2.10/10 No question, RPG of the year 2017."
76561198006688846,Recommended,435150,35169951,Posted: 23 September,all,Tricky,Well after 8 years this game has got the privilege of getting my first ever review.To all you RPG lovers.GET THIS F*%KC1N GAME!!! Pop out your zombie apocalypse survival kit and lock yourself up for 2 weeks...or 4 (or longer)And prepare to be blown away!
76561198106065545,Recommended,435150,34981852,Posted: 15 September,all,Bumblefuck,"Best Developers, uncontensted."
,Recommended,435150,34981842,Posted: 15 September,all,Kharakian,Solid sequel so far from Divinity: Original Sin. I am playing with three friends and we are doing the campaign coop. So far really enjoying it. Though we are only a few hours into it so far.Looking forward to seeing how it works out.
76561198013079469,Recommended,435150,34982091,Posted: 15 September,all,SeanTheSugoi,Probably the most fun I've had in a game in a very long time. Combat is indeed deep and sometimes you'll end up doing more damage to your team than your enemy would. Environmental effects as a weapon is really fun to play with and the effects you can produce can set up some really cool wombo combos. I'd definitely give it a 10/10 so far.
76561198056732781,Recommended,435150,34982090,Posted: 15 September,all,Schloopy McPaddywagon,"This game is really good. I normally don't review because I'm not the type, but so many people are giving thumbs down because of day one server problems and it isn't in their language yet. If you're not incredibly impatient and like turn based RPGS, this is a must buy. If you like DND this is a incredibly huge must buy. The game's normal mode is a bit difficult though, so if you are new to turn based RPGS start on the easy ""explorer"" mode, and if you are experienced with Turn based games start on the ""normal"" mode. You will defintely be challenged in normal mode."
76561198018235615,Recommended,435150,35167423,Posted: 23 September,all,KombatWombat,A solid 7/6. Enough said.
,Recommended,435150,35178281,Posted: 24 September,all,Olgierd,"(disclaimer: most of my hours are on second account, total time it took me to finish game was 60 +/-, I didn't do EarlyAccess)Fantastic rpg. I am very picky conservative (when it comes to genre), and OS 1 wasn't quite my cup of tea, but the second installment improved on every aspects that I missed such as world building, exploration, narrative, writing and characters. Game systems and fighting was great and still is, but now it's more complete game. Humor is still there but finally overlayed within serious plot and the more infantile writing turned into solid twisted fairy-tale which I can enjoy. It takes itself seriously where it should.Might not be the same as Baldur's Gate 2 for me but finally something came close in enjoyment factor. I am enjoying every minute of this glorious genre revival !.Artbook&Lorebook are beautiful."
76561197974322543,Recommended,435150,35175324,Posted: 24 September,all,Alcast,"I do not usually rate games, but this one definitely deserves some words. So many possibilities that this game allows, it is amazing.Lots of good sidequestsCombat feels greatPlay how YOU wantLots to discoverSet up your own group, choose with who you want to playCo-opMultiplayerand so on.....there is so much things to test out in this game, its completely amazing."
,Recommended,435150,35144207,Posted: 22 September,all,StefanoPelinga,"Highly recommended. It's slow paced in a good way. Tons of NPC dialogue depth and the combat is very strategic and challenging. Lots of freedom to play the way you want. A game made for the people that feels like it actually has some soul.It's Diablo, but turn-based and with 100's more NPCs and you control all 4 party members single-player. This game rewards exploration."
76561197994017894,Recommended,435150,35105513,Posted: 21 September,all,Top Cake,Vittun 5/5 peli
76561198022184844,Recommended,435150,35170134,Posted: 23 September,all,Viperx7111,"I bought this game 5 Days ago and have 46.6 hours played, Not one second of idleing. ~Halfway through Act 2.Visually BrilliantWonderful GameplayOutstanding StoryWell done Larian Studios.Reccomended to all of my friends.7/5 Above Expectations"
,Recommended,435150,35168949,Posted: 23 September,all,Accomp,"Genuinely one of the best games I have ever played. This was my first time playing a game in this genre and I cannot speak highly enough of it. I finished the main campaign, along with *lots* of exploration, right around 70 hours. Now it's time to dive into Game Master mode and see what this awesome community can come up with for player-created content.tldr: Buy the game. Enjoy the game."
76561198105936993,Recommended,435150,35169065,Posted: 23 September,all,KingNNN,"The quality of this game is as good as Witcher 3. Yea, THE witcher 3. The game that made every other game garbage. I have a game to no-life again! :D"
76561198009128683,Recommended,435150,35169268,Posted: 23 September,all,Nemi,"well worth the money me and my friends have put 125 hours into the first playthrough of this game and it has loads of replay ability as theres different origin stories and classes to play, on top of that there is the workshop content that people will do for the game later bringing even more stuff into the game, loving it so far cant wait for the 3rd game already."
76561198044797454,Recommended,435150,35169366,Posted: 23 September,all,DILF,"Only 25 hours in, very complex, deep and rich. Can see myself playing this for a long time."
76561198003403850,Recommended,435150,34940382,Posted: 13 September,all,BeepBeep,"Yeah, it's actually pretty fun. If you like video games, you'll like this."
76561198119568344,Recommended,435150,34940188,Posted: 13 September,all,sevenbeforeeight,I love this game and the potential it has to bring D & D to another platform
76561198121315942,Recommended,435150,35033556,Posted: 17 September,all,|-Dr-|SS4,"The game is awesome, it's a must buy for all RPG fans.Pros:*The game is very very very detailed.*Amazing sound track, stuck in main menu for an hour before I starts the game.*Interaction with NPC and object.*FULL VOICE ACTED, it's amazing.*very interesting combat, (could be little overwhelmed for the people who are new to the game.)*Cool charactersCons:-The quest log is confusing, it something doesn't give you the cule, about what you are looking for, and sometime you would get a quest that doesn't seems like a quest, it just pops up in it anyway, for the person who like clear all the quest before progress next move, you are going to staring a full page of quest with no cule.-Map is also little confuing, is not detailed enough for such a detailed world, combine this problem with the troubled quest log, it just make it worse, like other CRPG, you look at your quest log, than read your map, you would know where to go, but that's hardly the case in this game. It would be nice if you can drag a small window on the map and then the real world camera follows it, like those RTS game.-Character movement speed, this is painful, I constantly going to wrong place, thanks to it's quest log, so I have to look at map again, move my camera on top of the right place, click on it, and wait for a minute for my character walk to the location, and this happens really often, wish they could add in the mechanic that double the time speed.-Doesn't have a key that trigger all the NPC names, you have to mouse over them to see their names.9.5\10, those are all the small problems, nothing major, and easy to fix, the game is still amazing, I wish they would do something like Dragon Age Origin, which allow you to switch between 3rd person and top down camera angle, the game definitely have the potential to do that, it also would fix a couple problem I adressed, but it just a personal opinion."
,Recommended,435150,34816187,Posted: 8 September,all,ericthemighty,"It outstrips the first without even all the odds and ends added in. I couldn't resist getting a taste early, a week before release. Gonna reroll and lose myself in this for a few weeks after release.Larian studios is the CD Projekt Red of cRPG."
,Recommended,435150,35009571,Posted: 16 September,all,Nzxt_Extreme,"God of RPG !Game is CRPG , Turned based  . Now before you get turn off by that trust me you will get hooked .I am new to genre myself and after few hours in i got sucked in to the world that i can't get out .its Deep , intense full of lore , full of gameplay , So rich that no other RPG game has reached yet .What u waiting for , buy and explore thee world of Divinity orgin sins 2 !<3 dev's for making such a wonderful game."
76561197991913491,Recommended,435150,34989478,Posted: 15 September,all,Kr4mA,I've been playing games like this since 2002 and this is by far the best turn based RPG game since Boulders Gate :)Big thanks to Larian Studios for delivering such a quality game for the second time!Rating 10/10
76561198051024284,Recommended,435150,35037908,Posted: 17 September,all,mraksmith,"Having a blast, no issues expect by my own hand.Enjoying the story, the atmosphere, the game."
,Recommended,435150,35214296,Posted: 25 September,all,Vz LovE,"Good Game, just need more friendly players , everybody just keep kicking me out of their lobby.Add me on this if  you wanna play, i need people to play with !"
76561198009709004,Recommended,435150,35215512,Posted: 25 September,all,Syvie,If you've got at least one friend that'll play this game with you consistently. You'll easily get $45 worth of fun.
76561198013864694,Recommended,435150,34976689,Posted: 15 September,all,Ataren,Simply marvelous. Get it. You have to. Its wonderful. I would dare to say that I have more fun with it than with the Witcher 3.THATS how good this game is.
76561198054044749,Recommended,435150,35242755,Posted: 27 September,all,"I, Dissonance","One of the better RPG's out there! Great story with a lot of choices, great combat with awesome skills and effects, great soundtrack, a lot of customization + additionally there is online co-op, pvp, gamemaster mode, mod support for endless enjoyment, ... this is definetly worth the price"
,Recommended,435150,35049819,Posted: 18 September,all,Ste Jams,I started playing then it was 14 hours later and I wanted to carry on playing.edit: ♥♥♥♥ Arx though.
76561198018939765,Recommended,435150,35049994,Posted: 18 September,all,Chrome_Oo,It's damn good!
76561198005857234,Recommended,435150,35050065,Posted: 18 September,all,giljo72,"Did you expect a needle?For all of us who enjoy playing at our own pace, explore every crate, craft every recipe, move furniture to change the flow of battle, used to play D&D, still play D&D, I can go on and on and on.  The options are endless, and its amazing fun!My suggestions for a great experience are (knowing some are well known by experienced players):- Read all the books and lore, may of your answers are in the books- Create a backpack and store all books / notes in it- Save often, not just quick saves, but real saves- zoom in and actually look around, some items do not ""light up"" and you have to actually click on themAbsolutely love this game!"
,Recommended,435150,35050110,Posted: 18 September,all,Zysek,"The best ♥♥♥♥ing rpg released this century. Interesting story in a fully realized world that eclipses that of it's predecessor, and the story varies immensely depending on your choices. The choices are not allways spelt out, anything you do has consequences, from killing a questgiver by mistake and not being able to enter that town until you pay bribes to the guards to not reigning in your companion of choice when in a disaventageous position. Every single thing you choose or do has consequences, and it isbeautiful.Pros:- Fantastic characters and story. Really good voice acting too (at least for the main characters).- Very detailed world, free to explore if you find ways to get to places (for example using teleportation to get around a blocked cell door).- Really good tactical turn-based combat, where positioning and coordination hold the key to victory.- You can interact with basically anything in the world, with oftentimes amusing results.- Really, really long. In the first area (25% of the game) you can easily spend 60h+ doing sidequests.- Does not hold your hand in the least. Very refreshing compared to some other rpgs.Cons:- Time really flies when playing, it eats your free time like nothing else I've played in a long time."
76561198047175494,Recommended,435150,35218123,Posted: 26 September,all,OrbOfConfusion,"I play the game co-op Ive spent 23 hours in fort joy, Im still in fort joy.This is the first area.....I guess you can say my experience has been...... joyful?"
,Recommended,435150,35002788,Posted: 16 September,all,Robert,"Fantastic, just as the first game."
,Recommended,435150,35002982,Posted: 16 September,all,Arch,I love this game!
76561198184385459,Recommended,435150,35003117,Posted: 16 September,all,Helxx_Lutja,This is an improvement in every way on the original. The original was one of the very best games ever.  This was the product of the kickstarter RPG craze of a few years ago and was the only one that was an unreserved triumph.  Marrying story with the open-natured mechanics of skyrim.  This is the game to get if you have even a passing interest in roleplaying games.
76561198087718160,Recommended,435150,35054550,Posted: 18 September,all,SpookySchu,"Didnt play much of the first game but i picked this game up and I can say this is one of the best, most in-depth strategy RPGs ive played in a long time!"
76561197974613708,Recommended,435150,35072793,Posted: 19 September,all,Daxx,Baldur's gate 2 level and i'm thinking back to the good old days of RPG's.
,Recommended,435150,35073040,Posted: 19 September,all,m A R T Y,💀 u can be a skelenten 💀
76561198064317282,Recommended,435150,35073894,Posted: 19 September,all,"Ding Dong man, Ding Dong.","so far, pretty good"
,Recommended,435150,35074075,Posted: 19 September,all,Orcywoo6,"The developers have once again completely outdone themselves. The attention to detail, quantity of content and pure quality are second to none. I feel like a child again back when games were actually exciting. I love it!"
,Recommended,435150,35088297,Posted: 20 September,all,Johann,Awesome game.
76561198010711685,Recommended,435150,35088672,Posted: 20 September,all,Let it all out,Great game.
,Recommended,435150,35088843,Posted: 20 September,all,♡ SquidKitty,"The constant betrayal, thievery, abuse and just plain backstabbing between 3 good friends just trying to complete a single quest is what makes this game great.We just finished the first chapter after being 40+ hours in.I dont think we'll ever beat this game."
,Recommended,435150,35089028,Posted: 20 September,all,Madval,"Like the one, but better ! Much better ! And cool origin character too !Thanks LARIAN, you rocks ! ;)"
76561197973206766,Recommended,435150,35089220,Posted: 20 September,all,slash65355,"This game is a masterpiece of fun and one of the best things ive played in a long while.Its tactical combat is really fun and hard at times but man is it good.Also when your friends join it become a hilarious show.To qoute my friend Jeremy ""Why does every single fight we do end with half the world on FIRE!""In Short this game is well worth it and i must go get my other friends to play it."
76561198024208134,Recommended,435150,35112540,Posted: 21 September,all,ARNOLD,"Deffinitly on my top 3 of best games and the first original sin on fourth place. Thise series is simply a master piece.Made by love for gamers, loved by gamers."
,Recommended,435150,35054502,Posted: 18 September,all,Shibalba,Pretty damn cool.
76561198057531215,Recommended,435150,35136734,Posted: 22 September,all,Crusadertsar,Uniquely enjoyable game. Full of choices and wonders. I haven't had this much fun with RPG since Baldurs Gate II. Truly painstakingly handrafted work of video game art. Don't hesitate and buy it to support these developers
,Recommended,435150,35068597,Posted: 19 September,all,Newmann,"24 hours in, I've tried every class and done first bit 8 or 9 times, each time i find loads of new things and have never been bored once. First game in a long time that i truly cannot put down, stop reading and buy this damn masterpiece.P.S.$15 less that a AAA game and has ZERO microtransactions, for 10x the content..."
,Recommended,435150,34990595,Posted: 16 September,all,Ty 哈,"It seems almost impossible to surpass the first Divinity Original Sin.ALMOST.Here comes the sequel, surpassing the first game.9.5/10"
76561198011116413,Recommended,435150,35140961,Posted: 22 September,all,Dio,"One of the best RPG's of the decade. Hands down.If you were on the fence about buying this game, jump over it, take your wallet out, and buy it right now.EDIT: I've just read some of the negative reviews here on steam and I'm just mindblown with the immaturity. The game is fantastic, if you don't like RPG's, I doubt you'll find something here but if you do, you'll find a beyond incredible experience."
76561198036128870,Recommended,435150,35140498,Posted: 22 September,all,Klempo,"Masterpiece. Loved the first one, love this one even more. It's a stellar example of how games should be made, polished almost to perfection and made with love and passion for the genre. Absolutely recommended for all RPG fans."
,Recommended,435150,35181377,Posted: 24 September,all,Boomer simpson,لعبة جيدة، وشرائه أو الذهاب إلى الجحيم.
76561198016022610,Recommended,435150,35192134,Posted: 24 September,all,Vembumees,+
76561198053731030,Recommended,435150,35057190,Posted: 18 September,all,georgewesley,"If you like RPGs, this is one of the best of all time."
76561198043578912,Recommended,435150,35015663,Posted: 16 September,all,Shoveler,"So much writing for characters and playstyles you might never even use or see, thats just amazing."
,Recommended,435150,35192362,Posted: 24 September,all,TooEasy,"Highly recommend. Best RPG I've played in a long time (yes, I'd say it's much better than Pillars of Eternity) Don't let the turned based combat put you off. It's done in a way that makes the game feel fluid and practically in-time anyway.Just whatever you do, don't kill the cat."
76561198060676878,Recommended,435150,35037960,Posted: 17 September,all,Lumian,Hats off to these developers. Game is amazing. Period.
76561198031231604,Recommended,435150,35066992,Posted: 19 September,all,ivo.pescia,"So far sooooo good.Memorable Moment:- My gang of four is fighting in the arena.- Opponent mage starts to gesture...- ""Hahaha"" he casts healing on one of my charactars. hahahahah- Oh, it's on Fane- Fane dies waiting to be resurrected."
76561198006575064,Recommended,435150,34959449,Posted: 14 September,all,William H Murderface,It's great.  Buy it!
,Recommended,435150,35066856,Posted: 19 September,all,PythonHugs,"If you like RPGs and especially if you liked RPGs back in the late 90s early 2000s then you will really like this game.I have been playing the game coop with my brother and this game has exceeded my expectations. The reasons I have really liked this game so far are:- hard and rewarding- combat is intelligent, tactical and fun- every element has effects (blood on the floor, hit with lightning, now enemy standing in electrified blood pool)- everything (almost) has voice over- there are cool skills/spells that can be used in a practical way outside of combat- you can kill any npc any time you want (IF you can)- too many character options to choose from (skills and everything)- you can move things with teleport and telekenesis or just dragging in the world if you character can reach the item- minimal hand holding (you can walk into areas that are way too hard for you)- seems completely open ended (we just kind of do what we want and the story adapts)- looks really nice- saves pretty often and is super easy to quicksave- can break down doors with brute force or break open chestse- so many awesome little details- this game wants you to actually think (which is more fun)- can steal fine art off the wall or dinnerware from a nice room and sell for gold.probably more stuff but you get the idea.A few things I have noticed that I didn't like (but honestly not a big deal)- cant tilt the camera- elves look weird- sneaking is a bit confusing- can walk into fights that are way to hard for you (quicksave often like the good ol' days)- multiplayer isn't exactly what i expected when i purchased. still very awesome but you don't take your character around like on dungeon seige or something... your character is on the hosts save game it seems.IF YOU LIKE RPG GAMES THEN BUY THIS GAME :D"
76561198002527199,Recommended,435150,35192378,Posted: 24 September,all,slayer6274,This is the best RPG since the Witcher 3.
,Recommended,435150,35170475,Posted: 23 September,all,SlickNick,"Played about 10 hours during early release, and am about 15 hours into the release version.  Seriously, what more else is there to say about this masterpiece of a game?  Interlinked quests, intelligent and engaging combat, Co-op with friends, brilliant voice-acting, great storyline (so far).  I'm not even off the beginning island yet (just got out of Fort Joy) so I'm sure there's hours and hours left to keep reeling me in.In short, buy this game. It is the Witcher 3 of turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,435150,35169449,Posted: 23 September,all,ukdesigner,"6.5 Hours of gameplay, ONLY to REACH the tutorial island :D3 games come to mind when talking serious content, hidden easter eggs, and side missions...Divinity 2GTAVWitcher 3You could literally spend days just in the tuturial area crafting, finding new area's, or talking to characters with seemingly never ending dialogue. Quality game!"
,Recommended,435150,35191624,Posted: 24 September,all,Wamlab,3 friends came over for a lan.No sleep was had.
76561198144685665,Recommended,435150,35193176,Posted: 24 September,all,The Great Bambino,Buy it. NOW.
76561197964865460,Recommended,435150,35137609,Posted: 22 September,all,Phirmware,"Superb isometric crpg.Great story, beautiful visuals, engaging characters.Sure it can be a bit tough in places.  Turn down the difficulty and you'll be fine.  At the lowest difficulty setting, it's almost impossible to screw up bad enough to die.  At least that's what I heard, you know from a friend that plays it that way.  Not me, no way, I play it on bad♥♥♥♥♥setting.  :)Honestly, play it at normal, if you find yourself getting frustrated, just turn down the difficulty.Just buy it, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,435150,35198789,Posted: 25 September,all,CMcorpsefuck,It good.
,Recommended,435150,35283833,Posted: 28 September,all,Roshougon,"I don't usually rate things but I think this game is worth it.If you enjoy tabletop RPGs, or are a fan of the old style of RPG, you will love this game."
76561198271153088,Recommended,435150,35137321,Posted: 22 September,all,Snufulufugus,"Challenging game to say the least, but has an intresting feel to the way they tell the story. Definately reccomend to people who like open world rpgs with many different characters stories that tie into how the main story will unravels itself. With many different choices, it will definately have a different feel with each play through."
76561197999928871,Recommended,435150,35198766,Posted: 25 September,all,Yuno Gasai,Epic
,Recommended,435150,35141411,Posted: 22 September,all,XGOLDKILLSX,It takes 111 hours to finish the first island
,Recommended,435150,26528912,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,brady32194,"I don't typically review games, but I just had to contribute to this game's already positive user review score.  Everything you love from the first game is there, combined with an excellent shift to a darker story that's well presented and written.  Within the first hour, the game introduces you to a world that reminds you alittle bit of a combination between the Witcher and Game of Thrones, with lighthearted bits scattered around that you've come to expect from a Divinity game.The offering for the current purchase is only a fraction of the full release, but I highly recommend you pick up the game.  The combat remains largely the same, with some minor improvements like AP management.  The graphics are just stellar, even in its alpha state.  The story is much more gripping, with a larger sense of urgency and grounded moral choice scenarios that feel much more organic than the first game (and that's a bold statement in itself).  The soundtrack is pitch perfect.  The UI has also seen an overhaul that aids in streamlining the micromanaging of your party.As long as you can put up with the inevitable bugs that comes with an alpha release, you're sure to have a pretty damn fun ride."
,Recommended,435150,35251662,Posted: 27 September,all,Oberain,"I'm going to be honest here; I didn't like the first Original Sin.  I found the combat surprisingly clunky, the ""two protagonist"" playstyle akin to mashing action figures together as a child and the NPCs bland and empty.  Just everything about it wasn't as good as the raving crowds claimed.This?  This is amazing.  This is so far one of my favorite PC RPGs I've ever played...and I'm old enough to remember the original Ultima and Gold Box DnD games.  Most areas and quests have multiple solutions and you're not really punished for taking one over the other.  There are a few areas where lockpicking is basically required but besides that stealth, conversation or brute force are typically viable options to dealing with a problem.  Combat feels tactical (something most RPGs frankly don't really do anymore) with your choices in positioning, abilities and terrain manipulation meaning the difference between victory or defeat more often than just pure stats.  With careful planning you can beat groups of enemies better geared and higher levels than you, though it's still unlikely as one lucky crit can one shot a character.  There are very few mindless ""throw away"" battles once you leave the tutorial island.  Almost every encounter will be an actual fight for your life.There are some areas the game can be improved further.  While your companions will pipe up more and put more of their character on display than the original, it's not quite enough.  The process in which it happens is sterile and lacks organic interaction.   Instead of the NPCs talking as if the other NPCs were standing around them, they spout their one line and that's it.  If, say, the Red Prince spoke to Fane or Sebille during the journey it would go a long way to viewing them as characters instead of interchangable henchmen that happened to have a  bit of backstory or a sidequest attached. So yes, as much as people like to♥♥♥♥♥♥on Bioware...this could benefit by being more like Bioware in that regard.Another complaint is I never feel like I'm at the point I'm supposed to be at with gear.  I consistantly feel like I'm a few levels behind with my armor and health offering a totally negligable amount of protection with some enemies wiping my party before I even get a turn.  I don't even know how the game can really ""fix"" this other than perhaps tossing in an NPC somewhere explaining that each level gives shops DRAMATICALLY better gear and the difference between level 10 and level 12 is roughly 150% increase in defense.Oh and do ignore the publications out there that act like plaiyng Undead is sooo hard.  You literally NEVER have a reason to not be in full armor and you can easily heal from poison damage and poison potions.  It's really not a challenge at all.Edit and Addtions:  Further just wanted to make note the writing isn't totally proof read.  Not that there are glaring horrible errors in grammar or spelling but rather there's multiple instances where the devs seemed to not realize that I might not want to play their rebaked origin characters.  My character was called ""Fane"" a few times since they share the same ""race"".  It's a minor but constant annoyance."
,Recommended,435150,35310909,Posted: 29 September,all,MooCow,Save Scumming Simulator 201710/10 Would press F5 againP.S. Game has bug where if you overclock your GPU or CPU at above normal speeds than it will lead to frequent crashes every 5-20 minutes in game. On my Asus Z77 i had to switch from perfomance to to normal in my Bios. Hope this helps anyone dealing with frequent CTD
76561197994494538,Recommended,435150,35314828,Posted: 29 September,all,Mythology,80 hours in 2 weeks.That's a full time job...with a full time job...
76561198059689858,Recommended,435150,35316005,Posted: 29 September,all,Auriel,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a pretty good games with a lot of flaws, some of which are just simple bugs that can be patched out. Other issues require some serious rewriting or restructuring of how the game's story and progression works for these aspects to really shine. So, lets get down to it.The Good:-The combat is a lot of fun for a turn based game just because of the amount of freedom you get to interact with the battlefield and the enemies you face. Need some cover from ranged fire? Turn the puddle at your feet into a steam cloud with a fire spell. The boss went first, and it ran away towards a high cliff out of the reach of your melee characters? Teleport it down right in the middle of your party and go to town.-The story and world building is solid, and kept my interest throughout the game. The companion character quest lines are all interesting and tie in to the main story in a cool way for the most part. You have the ability to be a villain if thats your thing, too.The Meh:-Skill crafting seems a bit lackluster at the moment, as hybrid skills don't take into account what skills you put in outside of its school and the required school level to use the skills.-Companions don't really interact with each other, they only interact with your avatar, which kinda sucks if you're used to Dragon Age style back and forths between characters in your party.-Gear scaling in the middle to later acts is really wacky. Sometimes a 1 level difference in an items required level to use will give you a massive increase in armor or damage stats.The Bad:-Mild spoilers: In all fairness, the last act in the game just flat out sucks for large stretches of it, and theres a lot of things that contribute to it being annoying to plow through. First off, theres barely any indication where you're supposed to go throughout the entirety of the first half, which led me to wandering around the tiny city that composes the entirety of the last act, trying to figure out how any of the quests in my quest log were supposed to interact with each other. There are bugs that make some of the fights that take place in the city almost impossible to complete unless you have one spells that clears surfaces, due to the enemies being able to respawn in a surface that for some reason is in a wall. Also, for some reason performance takes a steep dip when you get to the last act, with my consistent 60 frames on my GTX 1050ti dipping to about 15. My last grievance with the last act has more to do with my lack of consistency in remembering to autosave, as theres a lot of instakill and softlock scenarios that happen throughout the last act that don't have predesignated autosaves in areas beforehand, causing me to lose a lot of progress on reloads. Oh well.-There are a lot of quest and achievement triggers that just don't go off, leading to a lot of quests not completing in your journal.Overall, I really liked D:OS 2. While the last act sours the experience a bit, the rest of the game is so stellar that I would still highly recommend this game to anyone who likes turn based rpgs, or coop games in general."
,Recommended,435150,35316732,Posted: 29 September,all,OneChanceTyler,"The turn based combat in this game is fantastic. Tried to get into games like this before (Pillars of Eternity) but nothing has hooked me like Divinity has. If you've ever played table top RPGs with friends and enjoyed it, buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198088329580,Recommended,435150,35195310,Posted: 24 September,all,The_Warrior1,I blew myself up when I opened a chest and a skeleton called me an idiot10/10
76561198002754922,Recommended,435150,35073593,Posted: 19 September,all,Johnford313,"Can't stop playing! It's too good! I haven't been this engrossed in a video game since Witcher 3.The various systems of the game are so well crafted, and open up so many possibilities both in terms of combat and how to deal with quests.The tag system and large dialogue options allow for proper roleplaying.There's a TON of things to do, and none of them are of the ""icon clearing"" variety found in your typical open world GTA/Ubisoft AAA bore.The writing is very solid, it doesn't take itself too seriously and it's very funny, but deals with serious subjects (racial tension, faith, abuse of power etc...) in a mature way.The music is also seriously underrated.The graphics are good in terms of the environments, but I guess I'm a not a big fan of the character models. The faces are quite ugly, and the fact that every ""finesse""/rogue armor pieces are baggy pants and sleeves kinda irks me, it doesn't look very light and stealthy. A very minor gripe however, since we don't spend too much times looking are our heroes up close.I've read that some people have encountered broken quests, and I guess it can be expected at launch given the insane number of them and unlimited possibilities (you can literally kill any NPC, steal any item etc...), but personally the only issue of that kind that I've encountered was just a completed quest (I got the item rewards for it) that didn't clear out from my quest log (The Imprisoned Elf).I'll just finish by going back to how good and fun the combat is, the interactions between the different elements is a fantastic sandbox to play, and sometimes horribly fail, in. The AI is not exempt from that, I cried laughing last night when an enemy rogue went invisible and promptly revealed himself by falling on his butt after sliding on an ice patch he had created moments before!There are so many builds to be created and ways to approach a fight (including not fighting it at all sometimes, either through dialogue or sneaking/thievery), I can't see myself getting bored anytime soon!The replayability seems huge as well, since you can have very different questlines depending on who you bring along in your party and who you're playing as your main character.TLDR:Fantastic RPG, breathes fresh air into the genre, most fun turn based combat this side of XCom, gives you a ton of freedom and fun with it's system. Serious GOTY contender!Edited because apparently the word for butt that starts with an A gets censored, by Steam... what?"
,Recommended,435150,35298648,Posted: 29 September,all,Teurastaja,"This is just an incredible game - definitely a Game of the Year -material!Almost everythings about it is good:- The dialogue and roleplaying part is just absolutely amazing. Pretty much every NPC has something to say and you have a lot of different things to answer and many choices have an effect. You really get immersed in to the world and story overall is great and engaging.- Character build and customization is also good: there are no distinct classes, but rather you can build up your own combination by putting your points where ever you want. So far I haven't felt that any particular skill tree would overpowered, even though a healer and a summoner are kind of a must-have.- Combat is fun and challenging. I love the turn-based strategy and thinking it takes. At first it may feel a bit hard, and as a newcomer to the franchise, I had some trouble here and there, but I got past it, once you realize that the mistake is always by you: you just have to have the patience to try again and exploit different tactics and get to know what certain enemies are gonna do. Also, the levels are significant, so once I learned that there is just no point in even trying to fight when the enemies are two or more levels higher. Once I got the hang of it, the fighting is extremely fun, intense and rewarding. Always remember to save after every fight (or any other significant event)!- The only cons I come up with don't actually concern the gameplay itself, but I would love a bit bigger world (or larger cities at least) and more people around, even though they would be just puppets walking around. Also, a day/night-cycle would make the world feel more alive. But really it's nothing after all, like perfecting a flawless diamond.Other than that, it just an awesome playing experience: I played the first 40 hours in one week, almost 10 of them in one day; it's very additctive and even though it's hard, it's no way frustrating. There were one or two moments that I felt a little overwhelmed by something, I turned the game off, and then ten minutes later I was already in, after I figured out a different aproach to a fight. I haven't felt like this for a game since the new Doom and Witcher 3, before that, I don't even remember.It's 10/10 from me, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed, if you like RPG's even in the slightest. Best game for a long time (other than those two mentioned above)!EDIT:And I have to add: I love how the game actually requires you to pay attention to what happens and what people say. You have to actually read your journal, and not just walk to ""Go here"" and ""Do this"" nodes on your map."
,Recommended,435150,35288153,Posted: 29 September,all,Aine,"THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD BUT BEWARE OF THE BUGS.I'm 90+ hours in and finally beat the game. The amount of bugs in the game can ruin the experience. There were important quest that I was not able to do because the NPCs were bugged (Gareth in Act 3 is one example). There was an NPC in driftwood that makes you unable to talk to other NPCs after talking to him, good thing it was patched out quick. There are enemies that keep on respawning after death (Not the ones to be drained of source). There are bugs with the journal, where it displays information contrary to what happened. So just be sure you have multiple save files while playing.Now for the good part:- The combat is really good and difficult- Enemies are not dumb- There are multiple ways to do quest- A lot of the quest are really funny (Magicockerel was awesome)- You can talk with Pets!- All of the companions are really good as well, and their personal quest blend well with the story- The way you can personalize/role-play is varied as well (except with your character appearance)- There are a ton of skills, and the way you can play with them is variedSome lame parts:- Armor variety is meh- Character appearance customization is meh (though this tends to be normal with CRPGs)- Apart from a few tracks, the music is not memorable- The later Acts are not as good as the first 2- THEY KILLED PEEPEROverall this game is amazing. And its definitely worth its price, you get a ton of content and game time. But I recommend others not to buy it yet, especially if you dislike bugs. Maybe wait it out till most of the bugs are patched."
,Recommended,435150,35306361,Posted: 29 September,all,Rooky,"My friend can turn people into chickens. He does this alot. I sometimes wear a bucket on my head, while my other friend who is undead picks everyones pockets.We kill each other alot.10/10 Chickens"
,Recommended,435150,35342753,Posted: 30 September,all,Timmy,I like the turn-based combat system (get rid of reaction skills test from RPGs!). The best RPG that I know.
76561197963409432,Recommended,435150,35259964,Posted: 28 September,all,Alexiel,"This game is the best RPG of the year.What you get is:- Story (LOTS OF STORY - Every main character tells his own all combined in one big advanture)- high quality visuals- high quality music/voice acting (done by a real orchestre)- desicions (your game will never be the same belive me)- twists/traps/tension- combat system that is nice to watch but also gives you many options (combine oil and fire, use cc's, make enemies fallin love <3)- freedome (build your group. You wan't to run 1 or 2 Friends it's alright, you wan't balanced 4 pack team, or maybe youwan't to do some crazy stuff by creating weird hybrid classes, do it !)- even more freedome using the GM mode (get your friends together and tell your own adventure playing with them.Full power of creation and emagination is in your hands as a GM)-NO CASH GRAP AT ANY POINT- worth 2x it current price tagIf you are an RPG fan and a friend of tactical depth in round based combat what the hell are you waiting for : ) !"
,Recommended,435150,35290357,Posted: 29 September,all,[GoC] Mikey,"Highly recommend for gamers that enjoy the isometric RPG genre.  One of the best RPG's to come out in a long time.  Immersive gameplay and in-game battles that will keep you addicted. Lose yourself for hours exploring regions and battling hardend and quick witted foes.The choice of characters is amazing. Start out with a pre made story character or create or own and recruit additonal members as you progress through the game.  Each character has their own unique backstory that will be discovered as you journey through the world.Once again, highly recommend this game. Potential Game of the Year winner."
76561198037974003,Recommended,435150,25976575,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Romanfiend,"OMG Larian I love you guys so MUCH!  You are the last light in the darkness!!  Thank you!Notes:- This game is amazingly polished for beta/early access - Been playign for 5 hours and have not encountered any bugs.-  It is already way more immersive and complex than the original as far as party and character creation.-  The atmosphere and mood are so well done!  It really sets the stage for any number of possible ways you could justify your future journey and actions.-  The storytelling is tantalizingly macabre.  I know I am about to walk into some really horrifying stuff - can't wait.-  The combat system is veyr innovative - I am still discovering its strengths and weaknesses but it seems to be a nice evolution.- The play is much more fluid - and less jerky than the previous.-  The graphics are even better than the first.Again, thank you so much for this - can't wait to see how this evolves.Cheers!-Ryan"
,Recommended,435150,35265493,Posted: 28 September,all,a sated bird that looks to the f,Pro Tip: Disable steam cloud. Lategame saves can reach up to 100mb each and it lags your game after each save when it tries to upload. Alright im back to playing see ya
76561198050764291,Recommended,435150,35272786,Posted: 28 September,all,Roland the Insane,"I've been a fan of the CRPG genre for about 20 years. My very first game on my first self-built pc was Baldur's Gate and since then that's been the imposing benchmark by which I've measured all subsequent games. None of them have captured that elusive combination of story, adventure, mystery, and sheer nail-biting interest in what's around the next corner or in the next dungeon. None until now, that is.The first Original Sin was really good , but this edition  has improved on every single aspect of what the last one attempted but missed slightly, DOS2 stands as a perfect example of what can be accomplished by developers actually listening to gamer feedback and taking that advice into account when crafting a game. For once i can only agree with alI the seemingly raving reviews. I will simply summarize my feelings about the game as best I can because the details would be far too lengthy to get into, and I am just about to strap on my Boots of Drooling Enthusiasm +5 and dive into this world again, probably for another of my many recent 3-4 hour stints.I am about 20 hours into this, and I can only summarize by saying ""Thank you, Larian, you have polished this game to perfection. This is what RPG's are all about."" Definitely my personal favorite for GOTY, and one of the best I have ever had the pleasure to play."
,Recommended,435150,35272671,Posted: 28 September,all,INERTiA!,The best RPG i've ever played. Can't believe how much i'm in love with this game!
76561198015735613,Recommended,435150,35272894,Posted: 28 September,all,Trash Boat,"The camera can be infuriating.  If characters are close to each other in combat, I click on the wrong character...ALOT.  The quests are also difficult to keep track of or know where to go.  That being said, there is a ton of variety and it is still very fun and has loads of content.  The voice acting of the animals when you get the skill to talk to them is hilarious.  Definately have already got my money's worth with lots more to go."
,Recommended,435150,35094481,Posted: 20 September,all,Wasabi,"A wonderful game which brings back classic RPG mechanics to the modern times. The difficulty on bosses can be challenging, but allows you to come up with your own unique solutions."
,Recommended,435150,35227589,Posted: 26 September,all,JOHN BUTTMADDEN,"Do you like strategic roleplaying games like Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Arcanum, Fallout 1 & 2, Dragon Age (the first one), or XCOM 2?Well, you're going to love this.This game combines the roleplaying depth of Dungeons & Dragons with a strategic feeling similar to XCom 2. Practically speaking, what this means is that outside of combat, you can do damn well near anything you can think of. In combat, you can do the same. If you want to break into that house, kill that lady, steal that gold, and escape into the night, you can. If you want to be the daring hero, and save shackled stowaways on a sinking ship, you can. This game gives you the freedom to truly explore the ""RP"" factor of Roleplaying games. Very few games these days can hold a candle to the amount of roleplaying this game encourages.I think a number of groups of Dungeons and Dragons players will likely abandon tradtional and even virtual play, and just move their games over to Divinity: Original Sin 2. It's easy to learn, hard to master - not unlike D&D - and it's also aesthetically gorgeous in both music and graphics. Can't recommend this game enough. Buy it."
,Recommended,435150,35094879,Posted: 20 September,all,solidjake,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. It truly took what was built in Divinity Original Sin 1 and mastered it. Great exploration, characters, writing, and difficult and engaging combat."
,Recommended,435150,35231139,Posted: 26 September,all,Syntek,"Only 14 hours in and I'm beyond addicted, I actually called out sick two days in a row with two different excuses just to keep playing.  My boss is highly confused and will never understand."
,Recommended,435150,35010931,Posted: 16 September,all,Leirith,Quit my job for this game.
76561198047842746,Recommended,435150,35052303,Posted: 18 September,all,ButPirat,This game will hook you like non other.
76561197997624402,Recommended,435150,35058274,Posted: 18 September,all,[TROLL] Bobstar,"This game is good. Real damn good.Having been a fan of the RPG genre since wizardry 7 I've played a lot of different turn based games (if turn based gameplay is ""too slow"" this game is not for you). I was in particular a fan of the Baldurs Gate series of games, played them through on every character, modded the games inside and out. A BIG fan.Divinity: Original Sin 2 captures some of that love in a somewhat more modernized context. In fact the fighting mechanics remind me strongly of the XCom: Enemy Unknown style rather than traditional D&D style play.Pros:Excellent story, great sound/music, cool maps, lot of gameplay hours to be sunk into, high replay value. Visually pretty nice.Cons:Crafting system is strangely basic as are the character stats/spell choices. They're good but not great. Camera tracking is a tad annoying at times. Occasional bug. High price.Overall a very good game thats just shy of true greatness.8/10."
76561198193599450,Recommended,435150,35075070,Posted: 19 September,all,OngoingProcess,"I heard there had been some last minute voice acting included and to my surprise I think they actually did an good job with it. Love the first game before it, followed the early access, and I am very happy with the final product."
,Recommended,435150,35075083,Posted: 19 September,all,☾,"lol at the idea of ""playing"" other ""Games"" after this"
,Recommended,435150,35075179,Posted: 19 September,all,DrZedicus,God Tier
76561198056168452,Recommended,435150,35075505,Posted: 19 September,all,Widdle,"Only 10 hours in at the moment so I can't say too much but....This game is amazing it puts you right into the game, guides you with just the right amout of tips at the proper moment, so that a tutorial isnt even needed. Game plays well, the combat starts out rather basic, as any game of this genre probably will. If you immidiately started out with complex combat the game would have an even sharper skill curve.I absolutely love the sanbox/rpg/turnbased combatI was thinking it would be something akin to Hand of the Gods of Hi-Rez studios ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game imo) but the combat feels as fluid as turn based combat can be; theres no grid that your forced to be on, attacks can be landed at just the right distance between two opponents to hit both, combos are easy to set up and rewarding to pull off, and most of allThis game is actually difficult. But not pull hair out.Dark Souls meets Diablo meets WoW meets DnD10/10"
,Recommended,435150,35077293,Posted: 19 September,all,Dan,guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudddyou're not meant to attack the guards17.2/10 would die over and over again
76561197996279141,Recommended,435150,35077749,Posted: 19 September,all,Spanzirino,I don't often write reviews but when I do it is only for games that I truly enjoy. I bought this game back in the day when it was early access and even then it was extremly fun  and tactical with great story elements. It only lacked content but now that its fully released this game has everything you could want for a RPG. The battle system is simple to understand but hard to master with terrain effects and magic that apply a complexity to the battles that gives this game real depth and replayability. The classes and characters are fully customizable with Divinity having a different spin on racial traits than classic RPG's would. I can't recommend this game highly enough for people that enjoy challenges and strategy.
76561198060966393,Recommended,435150,35078604,Posted: 19 September,all,TakeNurCookies,Play it already. This game has more thumbs up than heads up seven up.
,Recommended,435150,35078713,Posted: 19 September,all,tehgargoth,"I never played any previous Divinity game, this game seems to be a stand-alone story that doesn't require you to.  This is a great game with fun combat and a good story."
,Recommended,435150,34985858,Posted: 15 September,all,KarlHungus,Very few games are worth what they ask you to pay nowadays. Even though im not a huge fan of turn based combat - this one is worth every penny!
76561198057637790,Recommended,435150,35025671,Posted: 17 September,all,Tyan,Masterpiece
,Recommended,435150,35025899,Posted: 17 September,all,AtlasEater,VERY good game i must say.one of the best i've played so far.
76561198005655932,Recommended,435150,35038706,Posted: 17 September,all,Generalian,Everything I wanted and more.
,Recommended,435150,35046192,Posted: 18 September,all,PAO,"This game is amazing go play with some friend you're going to have so much fun but this game isnt that easy, its a excellent rpg"
76561198040124688,Recommended,435150,35058662,Posted: 18 September,all,HellRisenx3,Definitely enjoying the game. Played the original Divinity: Original Sin and this is a huge improvement in everyway. I suggest everyone give this game a try if you love playing RPG's.
,Recommended,435150,35059103,Posted: 18 September,all,CarCarGayBar,"this game is a rare treat for people who love tabletop role playing games and don't have access to a regular group, or are looking to bring their group into a new setting. The Game Master mode allows for so much creative freedom!"
76561198032885905,Recommended,435150,35059521,Posted: 19 September,all,Nirb,"Had a lot of difficulty fighting a mini boss in the prisons of fort joy. He was in the middle interrogating another person with a swordsman by his side and 2 archers on opposite ends of the room ontop wooden platforms.So eventually I devised a solution through trial and error. I got my weakest character to enter the room causing the boss's dialogue to cause them to enter a conversation. I then snuck in my rogue and back stabbed one of the archers (and turned him into a chicken). Next came my wayfarer, using fossil strike and a fire arrow I blocked the enemy from approaching my backline. Afterwards my summoner made a bunch of creatures. Poison, explosions and madness ensuedWhile all this was happening the boss was still casually talking, replying to my threat 'That's cute.' with a rogue behind him, 4 summons next to him and a wayfarers crossbow aimed at his skull. On fire no less.10/10 No regrets best game 2017. I didn't think I needed it, but found out it was all I ever wanted."
76561197992767797,Recommended,435150,35074881,Posted: 19 September,all,Moghra,"I would have been happy with Divinity: Original Sin part 2.  Instead I get a sequel that suprasses the original in every regard!  Probably the biggest improvement I've seen is the phenomenal voice acting -- something that I wasn't even asking for and now I find it integral to the overall experience.I've been playing on Tactician mode and it's a beast.  I love the challenge.  Almost every fight I need to eek out every bit of the environment and skills on my team (thank god for quick save in combat).  One of the problems I had with the original is, that on Classic mode, the game felt too easy mid-end game.  I don't think I'll have that issue with DOS2. :)"
,Recommended,435150,35074983,Posted: 19 September,all,FEZ,"All aspects of the first game have been improved. Combat, story, teamwork and customization all see improvements. I'm not a long review guy so I'll keep it simple. This is my new Witcher 3."
,Recommended,435150,35076858,Posted: 19 September,all,Sherdow,"Brimming with character, and as deep as the ocean. Such a refreshing offering in the RPG landscape."
76561197963323249,Recommended,435150,35077248,Posted: 19 September,all,infinite,"Rich story, beatiful design, great music, exciting combat system, limitless possibilities for character build. This game deserves a lot of recognition. What more is there to say? 5 stars."
76561198200117182,Recommended,435150,35077875,Posted: 19 September,all,digital.provosT,Heart and Soul game play that stirs emotion.Fantastic story and Bonus replay value.One of the  **BEST RPG** I have played to date.This is a MUST PURCHASE game!!10/10.
,Recommended,435150,35079822,Posted: 20 September,all,Kirthas,"first time i comment game , and this is best RPG game i ever play"
76561198021312757,Recommended,435150,34731616,Posted: 4 September,all,Ƶ҉Ꮎ҉₳҉,"Even though still in EA the game has built upon the first game, the first original sin. and improved upon it, i strongly recommend this game for anyone who likes turned based combat games."
,Recommended,435150,34986078,Posted: 15 September,all,Mr.McDuck,Amazing!
76561198036594780,Recommended,435150,34986691,Posted: 15 September,all,Kelthear,"I'm in love with it. It can be really punishing, i've had to restart from scratch once and reload SEVERAL loads but the game is incredible. It's beautiful, story is amazing, music, voice acting, it just feels nearly perfect. And i haven't even touched the GM (Dungeons and Dragons mode), the CoOP or the Arena yet. Don't think, buy this game."
76561197985220305,Recommended,435150,35038682,Posted: 17 September,all,Suncatcher,High tier RPG game. You will not be disappointed ! :)
,Recommended,435150,35038853,Posted: 17 September,all,smax,"So far the best RPG of the year 2017.It was improved over the original (sic!) game in every aspect - graphics, combat, lore, quests. And the first game was already great.Do not touch my kitten, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
,Recommended,435150,35046474,Posted: 18 September,all,illuminati,"Has some major flaws, but still a great RPG."
,Recommended,435150,35052070,Posted: 18 September,all,HalfbackRugger,Hands down the best RPG ive ever played.
,Recommended,435150,35052274,Posted: 18 September,all,Leo,"A storyline far better than many AAA games while only with half of the price of those.Please allow me show my gratitude to the developers here, such a great game that bring me back the long missing gaming experience."
,Recommended,435150,35052293,Posted: 18 September,all,ColonelBlack#2769 - Destiny 2,"Awesome game.People on the forums are complaining about the difficulty on Classic. It can be quite challenging, but it's certainly do'able."
76561198018428886,Recommended,435150,35057518,Posted: 18 September,all,[MMS]Pickldcheese,"I've never reviewed a game before but this game deserves it. This game is amazing I'm having so much fun playing it. Normally I don't enjoy games where you have a party, I like to play as one character, wich you can actually do if you want to there is a talent called lone wolf, but playing as a team is actually fun in this game with all of the lore for all the characters. Would definantly reccomend."
76561198057300783,Recommended,435150,35057652,Posted: 18 September,all,BHS,So far it's good.
76561198049201323,Recommended,435150,35058487,Posted: 18 September,all,nsenese2,"Just a great game - runs smoothly, looks great and fun to play."
,Recommended,435150,35058758,Posted: 18 September,all,Foxx,D&D transformed into a mechanic rich RPG. No reason you shouldn't buy this game.
76561198241515448,Recommended,435150,35058900,Posted: 18 September,all,macmanos2002,"As a fan of DOS 1 Enhanced, i thought i should try out this next installment.I was sure about what am i getting, and i wasn't wrong.The game is amazing. True CRPG, following the footsteps of monsters like Baldurs.Yet is pachs its own style, color  and vibrance.Many paths, to the quests, lots of story, lore, fluff, interesting charactersRuns smoothly and that's a huge plus, of course, because i was afraid about the requirements, as the years pass.The story already seems coherent, mature, and intriguing.My only wish for the future hours that i will spend with this game , is the length of the game....I think it is my own glitch, but games like these i do not want them to end too soon, and i want them to be vast and big.... this is my complain only, and i think that the game will pack a good ton of hours. (fingers crossed)10/10"
76561197968633654,Recommended,435150,35059380,Posted: 19 September,all,p0llen,"first serious review in my steam career!As this games is being hyped AF currently i wanted to add my (more critical) perspective.Highly anticipated sequel to Larian Games' Divinity: Original Sin 1 that continues the pros and cons of the first iteration. Divinity: Original Sin 2 has been in early access and was recently released to steam as ""full"" title.Pros:- good artdesign and graphics- highly polished, no crashes, bugs, solid performance- multiplayer (2-4 players) easily set up via steam overlay- good voiceacting covers more or less all dialogues in the game and the majority of the dialogues are written well- vast amount of races and classes to choose from during character creation- heaps of abilities to utilize in combat- fights are highly tactical (different armor classes, combination of elements like water and eletricity) and quite difficult which makes them very engaging- lots of hidden secrets to discover in the world (caves, shortcuts, loot chests, etc. etc.)- multiple ways to solve quests (sneaking, slaying, talking)- neat crafting system- intense dialogue systems with various dialogue options and different outcome based on your dialogue choiceCons:- no ""visible"" character progression on level up as new abilities are exclusively acquired via skill-books that are (rng) looted from enemies or the vicinity leading to the effect that your whole gang levels up but you essentially use the same skills for 5-6 levels or even longer - that can get really boring and grindy eventually- 0 player guidance which can cause confusion and feeling overwhelmed (quests,- unfair design decisions, i.e. resurrection of fallen party members post-combat needs to be done with scrolls that are very expensive and hard to get; this greatly slows the whole flow down (note: im certain there is a resurrection spell that can be learned, but you need to find it based on rng - see point above)- overall sense of ""low powered fantasy"" as your gang is wearing rag armor and no helmets even after 10 hours into the game (which also intensifies the difficulty)- larian games is famour for their ""humour"" - i sometimes find this style of homour ""childish"" and i think it doesnt really fit into a violent, medieval style world but that of course is personal gustoall in all a very good RPG with lots of clever ideas, highly functional mechanics and solid storytelling. it does however fall short on character progression and should sometimes offer more guidance for players.8/10"
,Recommended,435150,35074795,Posted: 19 September,all,gdude37,"9.5/10 so far...In summary this is a very difficult, detailed game with a high skill cieling, plenty of room for experimentation and variation, and lots of replayability value. One does not have to play the first game to enjoy this one; I have not, for the record.Good:Never been as obsessed with a game since Witcher 3; however, it has much more replayability value due to the incredibily detailed battle system, the multitude of sidequests, the different companions, and practically infinite builds. This game somehow reminds me of Deus Ex and Fallout/Skyrim in that you can accomplish certain tasks in many different ways, which is most evident in the tags system in dialogue. However, in this game, the character you choose/make, the build you create, and the companions that follow you feed into the choices you will make, the way you will fight, and the way you play the game moreso than any game I've played before. This game really puts the ""role-playing"" in RPG. Also props for taking away my handholds, and, for the most part, getting rid of the giant arrow pointing me where to go and just teling me what to do through dialogue, exploration and experimentation.Bad:Some of the UI and the save system annoy me: I have accidentally walked somewhere instead of reviving a teammate countless times, and one has to get used to quicksaving a lot. These are minor complaints at worst."
,Recommended,435150,31983434,Posted: 26 May,all,Sparkyhobo,"It was great. A more in depth, cleaner, fixed up divinity.  I loved original sin 1, and 2 was so much better."
,Recommended,435150,32035156,Posted: 28 May,all,Jehan,"100/10  This game is the best of its kind. Graphics great, multiplayer great, coop great, Dungeon master great, long D&D nights await if thats what you want.. Playing coop with ur buds through the campaign great. Everything is just great."
,Recommended,435150,35037064,Posted: 17 September,all,Zeolance,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even begin to describe how amazing this game is. Play it. You'll thank me later.
,Recommended,435150,34927567,Posted: 13 September,all,Pinkey,"Got the game on a whim, due to a love of baulders gate back in the day and not having played any of this style of rpg mainly on action rpgs e.g. fallout and elder scrolls.I took the plunge and love it.Beautifully crafted world with many hidden beauties.A world that will interact with you as you interact with it be a♥♥♥♥♥♥be treated like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Kill everyone or make everyone like you.Not implemented in the alpha which I am exited about is that your followers with have there own sort of ai they will think for them self have there own morals so don't be a bad guy in a party full of good guys or vice versa.Customisation is amazing not that many races but plenty of traits and skills to mix with play as an elf human lizard dwarf or completely turn it on its head and go undead where the normal rules don't apply to you.I've spend 18 hours in this game with just the 1 character in the starting location and I feel like I've already got my monies worth so I'm very exited to play after launch with more mechanics.Tldr.  Dungeons and dragons on your pc."
,Recommended,435150,35035110,Posted: 17 September,all,Big Funk,"I've played a lot of RPG's but this is easily the best one. Gather some friends if u can and the experience will tenfold in enjoyment. If u don't have this game, please buy this game ~ for your own good."
76561198026909534,Recommended,435150,32014721,Posted: 28 May,all,Guzu,Basically the richest and most satisfying RPG I've played to date.
,Recommended,435150,32020914,Posted: 28 May,all,Restex,can't wait for full release! it's gonna be great AGAIN![edit]it's been released and it's even better then i thought it would beyou're still here reading?!JUST F***** BUY IT!
,Recommended,435150,35158475,Posted: 23 September,all,IronSquid501,"Despite following a single, somewhat linear story, the extensive questline of Divinity: Original Sin 2 can be taken in any direction you wish and interpereted however you see it, and the sheer amount of character customization both skill-wise and through in-game choices means that no two playthroughs will ever be the same. The attention to detail in this game, *especially* during the wildly branching, character-individualized in-game conversations, is simply stunning. Even if turn-based combat isn't your thing, you'll still enjoy this wonderful experience of a game (There's even an ""Explorer"" mode for those more story-focussed players!)I don't even like turn-based games, so take it from me when I say that this is one of the better games I've played in the last few years.People who should (probably) avoid this game: Anyone who is looking for a quick, mindless game that can be played for less than an hour every dayPeople who should purchase this game: Everyone else!"
,Recommended,435150,35000904,Posted: 16 September,all,Sicarius,One of the best RPGs out there
,Recommended,435150,35149530,Posted: 23 September,all,godukz,"pros :   +  interesting gameplay / combat mechanic+  rich and deep story+  every origin char. has different story+  can make custom char. with different background+  replayable value+  descision making+  flexible ""class""+  every dialog line has voice / sound+  coop+  enjoyable without the div. original sin 1 knowledgeneut.   +/-  some ascpects still exploitable+/-  price  45 Euro ( for the game only)+/-  system requirements+/-  decent RNGcons     -  still bugged with some npc/ quest / 100-  ai is still retard for pathing & sometimes doesnt follow your other char moving-  some ai have 360* vision , make it impossible to sneak & pickpocket him/her ( not sure if it is bug )-  some common sense dont work in this game-  no in-game glossaryothers  *some npc in this game racistmy score :  story : 9/10combat mech. & gameplay : 9/10UI : 9 /10sound & music : 9/10price :  8 / 10overall : 8.8 / 10"
,Recommended,435150,35150505,Posted: 23 September,all,Raiden,TL;DRThis is an RPG that everything is possible.And every choice you take have consequences.The combat is fun .You can make your way in this game.This game is soooo much FUN !!!.Its one of those games that stick on your mind for how good they are.This review is getting too long gona get back and play .
76561198193667167,Recommended,435150,35074857,Posted: 19 September,all,Rognusthegrey,this game is freaking dope . no complaints
76561198148897346,Recommended,435150,35075151,Posted: 19 September,all,joshwyn87,hands down best RPG ive ever played... first 25 hours flew by and will for sure put 100+ more in!
,Recommended,435150,35075402,Posted: 19 September,all,Mechannoyed,"I would recommend this game, but I would recommend waiting for a few weeks for them to get some more bugfixes out. Currently the experience is seriously hampered by the sheer volume of bugs. The final act is just horrible to play and almost impossible to get through without cheesing some of the puzzles/fights.Despite how horribly broken some of the game is, I absolutely loved it and was willing to put up with the issues just because everything else was sublime. The combat system is exquisite, the story is incredible and the world building is just next level. Everything has a purpose and everything is worth exploring and experiencing.9/10 Fix the bugs and it'll be perfect."
,Recommended,435150,35076657,Posted: 19 September,all,aRelaxingCreek,"Imagine DnD as a video game and this is it. The classes are fun and interesting, and the play style of each is very easy to swap around. The multiplayer works great. The AI is smart and challenging. The voice lines are all wonderful. This game is tons of fun and I reccomend it greatly"
,Recommended,435150,35077634,Posted: 19 September,all,Anewbis,one of the best examples of a DnD game made computer game
76561198051758310,Recommended,435150,35077651,Posted: 19 September,all,Jiggers,"I've played the game a bit, and I think it's pretty good. Amazing characters, great stories, and just a butt load of content to enjoy. The tactical aspect of the game may drive people away, but that's what the explorer mode is for right?"
,Recommended,435150,35077658,Posted: 19 September,all,Hildy,Best CRPG I've played since Baldur's Gate 2. That is not hyperbole.
76561198023671699,Recommended,435150,35077992,Posted: 19 September,all,SexyMudkip,"I must say, this game has me veeeery excited, and I could definitely imagine it being GOTY caliber, at least on a personal level for me. D:OS really surprised me. I fell in love with that game about forty-five minutes into it. Larian is a great dev. They know exactly what they are doing, and I'm guessing D:OS2 takes what the first did well and does it a lot better. . Wonderful to hear that the PC community is loving this game!Combat is Amazing and fluent, no deadtime and you always have to plan out your moves in advance.Well thought elemental combat system and seeing how every element such as blood,water,oil,steam,smoke,poison or electricity all behave with one another.Roleplaying is insane. The amount of way you can solve a quest or a simple situation is astounding and the customization of your build is great, however it lacks in physical customization.Story is really good, engaging and the world reacts to things you do and feels like a living world. You do not need to have played the previous games to understand where it comes from nor where the story goes.Overall i think this is a great game with a lot of content and replayability, especially with the Gamemaster mode.To enjoy with friends or alone, this game is a gem."
,Recommended,435150,35078062,Posted: 19 September,all,[MR] SentientAfro,Ultima 7 for the modern age. Absolutely stunning.
76561198088506689,Recommended,435150,35078247,Posted: 19 September,all,Hatter,"THIS GAME IS AMAZBLES, if you like turn a based rpg with terrain changing spells and effects, an amazing combat system, and a story that is, at least in my opinion (I mean I did take the time to write this, so yeah XD), to die for than you will love this game hopefully as much as I have. Id also like to recommend the first installment in the Original Sin series as well, no really needed for context or any bonus content for the second game, but its just a blast to play with hours and hours of in game nonsense to fool around with."
76561198018468008,Recommended,435150,35078519,Posted: 19 September,all,kagemusha,Worst thing about this game is ... it ends.
76561197992842924,Recommended,435150,35078570,Posted: 19 September,all,[Pax] Goose,"To say that this is a great game, actually does it a disservice, it is a phenomenally made game with amazing RPG elements and spot on tactical gameplay.   At first I thought the game was a bit overbalanced on the NPC's side,  but ended up finding out that it was just me.  A few key gear purchases and suddenly I was taking out fights that I had an incredibly difficult time before.  The combat does a great job of making you feel powerful while never making it feel easy.  Your tactics matter.  From your choices of companions (and what specializations they have) to the positioning on the battlefield, to trying to create your own ambush instead of getting ambushed is just amazingly done.The game does not hand hold you along, but at the same time it does not feel hard to keep up with all the different quests and side missions that you have on your plate.  Not every fight is meant to be tackled the first time you see it and the game rewards you for taking out something in an ingenious way with an every increasing power level on your gear.  You are always advancing in one way or another.I never write reviews, this is probably my first so hopefully that says something.  Such an amazing game, do yourself a favor and buy this!"
,Recommended,435150,35078734,Posted: 19 September,all,Patches The Spider,"Love it! it's really rad and stuff. Only complaint is the auto-save sucks. Shouldn't auto-save right as the a battle is starting, got really screwed over because it. Instead have it auto-save when entering camps and what not."
76561198045358281,Recommended,435150,35163330,Posted: 23 September,all,Sweet_Craigermendle,"Fantastic game from bottom to top. Excellent mechanics, great animation and graphics, wonderful voice acting, and a superb storyline. All that for fifteen dollars less than the standard price for a triple A game."
76561198014357350,Recommended,435150,35174038,Posted: 24 September,all,AnzBozBel,"Let me tell you in a simple stupid referenc:I dont like this tipes of games,but its a need to buy for everyone :Dits funny,good,in explorer mode not so hard(but you can still die easy if you are not careful)its fun to create a char,so many options,nice voice overs, a lot to do! a lot to explore and tresure is everywhere :D hidden,we are not use to search for good loot,we just expect to get it,but not this game,I passed treasure so many time,and it was in plane sight.The GAME IS A 10/10 in any standard.If you understand eng.than no problem,its a lot to read and a lot to listen but its fine :DCo-Op is nice,I went to random room :D had fun  :DI played Arena had FUN,its fun allaround."
76561197996548070,Recommended,435150,34986042,Posted: 15 September,all,thinkofitnow,"Very nice job on this game! The attention to detail is great! I've only just gotten started, but I'm looking forward to going deeper into this rabbit hole! The effects are pretty amazing and I'm sure it only get better. Thanks again for the eye candy! I most definitely recommend this game!"
76561198091505352,Recommended,435150,35038958,Posted: 17 September,all,SirTheo60,"Amazing game all around. Well written, well designed. If you love D&D or anything in the more hardcore RPG category you have to play this game. Additionally the game is designed in a manner that would allow for campaigns from D&D and Pathfinder to work in this, especially as in depth the role playing is and turn based combat."
,Recommended,435150,35339232,Posted: 30 September,all,Farty Lestee,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥poppin
,Recommended,435150,35340182,Posted: 30 September,all,WombRaider,"so you mean they developed a full game, with high production values, that has hundreds of hours of content, and it DOESN'T have microtransactions? but fanboys tell me game publishers need microtransactions in order to not go bankrupt instantly, so no idea how these guys did it"
,Recommended,435150,34998225,Posted: 16 September,all,Light,Amazing game.Really enjoyable and not easy to boot.9.5 out of 10
,Recommended,435150,35269733,Posted: 28 September,all,Yserine,"A little foreword; This is the first review that i make so hopefully you can pardon mistakes and give feedback i can use if i happen to write another one in the future.Original Sin 2OS2 is my second step into the Divinity universe, only having played Original Sin Enhanced Edition previously, i did howevernever finish Original Sin because of a mixture of limited time and having many games to play. Original Sin 2 was because of this a game where i had no real expectations going into the game, i mostly just wanted to try it out and see what it was like.Boy were i in for a treat.Original Sin 2 hit me right home with a wast amount of good content and i spend 80 hours like it was nothing.To start of; the music. I normally turn music off in games because they are usually distracting or not all that good, but the music in this game is marvelous, truely amazing and i loved hearing it. I am very much sure it helped making time just fly away.Graphically i thought everything looked amazing. Zooming all the way in you can sort of see some flaws here and there, but in a game like this you spend it zoomed out for 90% of the time so it does not matter. I had some questions regarding some of the armor design, or well mostly some of the helmets, but i think it just boils down to personal preference more than anything.The combat in this game is the best combat system i have touched in any game ever. The endless tactical possibilities were amazing and the vast combination of skills to make up your own playstyle were a big treat. There were times i felt that you had to focus on either Physical or Magical damage, as going  hybrid were kind of a waste in the grand scheme of things, that might boil down a littlebit to me not knowing the game to its fullest yet. Still, the best combat ever and i hope to see more of this.The story was great, with so many things to learn by exploring different parts of each map and talking to different people, i don't think i am going to know it all until i have spent a couple of hundred hours more into the game and i love it. I discover new things all the time as i play with different characters. Loving it and i would love to see more through dlc or perhaps an Original Sin 3 ;)Crafting system; This i have to admit i could not wrap my head around as it felt like alot of trial and error apart from the things you found recipies for. Because of this i barely touched it outside of items required for quests or to upgrade boots.So i can't tell you whenever this is good or bad, it felt like a complex system that also felt slightly underutilized as the amount of loot you find/buy in the game makes you just want to sell anything you find for gold instead.That said, the things that you do find recipies for and adding runes to gear were excelent.(Altho perhaps making crafted gear and items abit more useful in the future could make it a lot better, as crafting gear even early on seems completely pointless in light of everything you find or buy)UI/Inventory etc:I love the clean UI and the options that you get to make it better (like highlights and things like that for example)but i had some issues with the hotbar;Whenever you pick up an item in the game that can be used in combat, such as an grenade or a scroll, it get added to the hotbar in the first available slot. This happen with every single variation of these items and clutters the actionbar and i found myself constantly cleaning it up. I would love an option in the future to prevent this from happening.Other than this the interface is perfect.Inventory is superb, however when playing co-op with someone perhaps adding the abilitity to let the 2nd, 3rd of fourth player see their own inventory at top when they press ""i"" to check inventory would be an idea. I would specially recommend this when one character is focusing lucky find and loots absolutely everything If the character that host have invested alot in strength they will have seemingly limitless carry weight and a few hours of picking up everything from rotten fish to dirty panties from somones bed table, it can make for quite the scrolling to see their own inventory for anyone else playing with them. Just a quality of life suggestion ;)The performance of the game is marvelous, i have played this game with 4k resolution and everything set to their highest settings (with a few personal exceptions such a Depth of Field effects and things like motion blur, the latter which i am not sure the game even have but you catch my drift) There have been very rare occasions where fps have dropped at all.All in all i think this is one of the better games i have played this side of 2010 and i would give it a score of9/10If you are curious to play this game i warmly recommend that you do so, i had a blast and will recommend it to anyone.Thank youLarian Studiosfor an amazing game and i hope to see a sequel :)"
,Recommended,435150,35262818,Posted: 28 September,all,The God Ghetto Holy,"If you're reading this, then you are wasting your time reading instead of playing.This game rocks, and I'm not going to put it better than all the other reviews out there. Divinity 2 is the rebirth of real RPGs on the PC. You choose how to go about the game, instead of the game telling you the right way to play. You pick class, backgrounds, races, and then get shoved into scenarios. How do you handle them?That part is up to you. That's what I love about the game. You can solve many quests in various ways, or ignore quests all together and play some different way.The whole game is voice acted too, and pretty well! That's immersion right there. ANd if you want to make your own campaign/story/mods it has tools for all of that.Seriously, these developers deserve a crown for making this game."
76561197984769075,Recommended,435150,35361252,Posted: 30 September,all,Khytai,Best RPG in a LONG time!
,Recommended,435150,35361083,Posted: 30 September,all,woahh,worth the price
,Recommended,435150,35305976,Posted: 29 September,all,Goodfella,"Not long into the second island (clocked an impressive 35 hours so far with at least another 35 to go from what I gather) and this game is just mind blowingly good, this is from someone who didn't really get on with the first game. I don't know what they've done, maybe it's the full voice acting or the characters or quests but whatever it is well done Larian, you nailed it.The hype is well deserved."
,Recommended,435150,31450526,Posted: 29 April,all,Klkan,"Gotta love larian studious, another fantastic game."
76561198066713256,Recommended,435150,35153628,Posted: 23 September,all,Fellhound,"Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, Fallout 1 & 2, Planescape Torment......... and finally Divinity: Original Sin 2!It took a while, but the isometric turn-based RPG is back! Better than Ever!Now if only the next Fallout game could be made in this format...  with Larian Studios in the mix!"
76561197976430896,Recommended,435150,34962405,Posted: 14 September,all,Ark,"Words cannot fully describe how wonderful the game is. After 106 hours I have finally finished it on tactician difficulty - the second highest out of 4 difficulty levels - and it's been one hell of a ride. In the pool of games that have filled the cRPG genre over time some are remembered for the gems that they are. This game truly deserves a place among those stars.Short and quick: The best aspectsThe combat offers a huge variety of possibilites. 200+ spells allow you to build your character exactly to your liking. They aren't all magical, they don't all scale with intelligence like you'd expect from classical RPGs meaning you can mix a lot of combinations on your character. Don't think of spells as a 'magician only' thing. Every character will use a wide variety and it feels amazing to have this much choice in battle.The AI will use insane combinations and synergies of spells just as much as you do. They will sacrifice their own if it gives them an advantage, they will use the environment against you.No ridiculous RNG: Although dicerolls aren't completely banished out of the game these mechanics never feel unfair like in some other RPGs. Games based on pen & paper tend to use a lot of dicerolls but here you'll find that most mechanics have been modified to be very clear about how they work without relying on RNG. Doesn't mean critical attacks aren't possible if you want to play that way ;-)There are no classes. Don't get mistaken by the character creation, it's only meant to be a help for the early game. You level and can spent your points on the different schools of sorcery. You're never restricted because of a 'class' and after leaving the first area you can fully respecc at any time. You can truly built your character the way you want to.The worldbuilding is amazing. There is so much to explore, so many NPCs to talk to and stories to experience.The characters - from simple animals to essential NPCs - are just as amazingly written as the world. Some you'll love, some you'll laugh about, some you'll hate, but never will you think they are acting out of character.The choice is always yours. One moment you're a saint, next moment you decide an NPC isn't worth keeping alive. Although sometimes limited, there are always consequences.To further strengthen the last point: You can play the game anyway you want and never hit a roadblock in the story. Even if you murder every NPC you see you'll be able to finish the story.Play the entire campaign with up to 4 players. 'nuff saidThe voiceacting is phenomenal.Everythingin this game is voiced, including the narrator. Not only that, but the variety in voices is so large you will rarely - if ever - notice two voices sounding alike. Every unimportant guard, every NPC without a name, every animal in the wild, every character - no matter how essential they are to the story - sounds different and they manage to bring the emotions their words carry to life.The soundtrack manages to describe the atmosphere in a wonderful way.Although the story is rather serious, the little sprinkles of humor every now and then shine brightly.Short and quick: The worst aspectsThe companions sidequests are wonderful and they influence the main story quite a lot. But everywhere else they're a little pale as they rarely voice their oppinion on what you do during the rest of the journey.This game can easily overwhelm you. If you're familiar with the cRPG gerne you'd expect this but everyone else be warned: This is not a game you finish in a couple of hours nor is it a linear game. Having a huge freedom means your questlog will burst at times.The difficulty is real. Even on classic - the normal mode - you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you on a silver plater. I finished the game in 106 hours on tactician - one difficulty above classic - and my save game told me I was 'alive' for 80 hours. That means I had 26 hours of reloading because of party wipes or decisions that I regreted. I thoroughly enjoyed the difficulty but be warned: It's not to be taken lightly.A slight negative about undeads: If you play one or have one in your party you can chose to hide your undeadness and the story will acknowledge this but the combat won't. I assume it's done for the sake of difficulty and interesting gameplay, but enemies will always know that you're an undead and chose tactics that work against undeads like e.g. hurting you with healing magic.After all is said, it's still a cRPG. There's a lot to read, a lot of sidequests to do and a lot of possibilites in how you tailor the story around you. Don't go into this game with wrong expectations. It's huge. Having wrong expectations can easily ruin the experience for you.You might wonder even with all the high praise you've heard about this game how it compares to the best of the cRPG genre. It's not simple to answer this as classics like Baldur's Gate can be hard to enjoy these days. Some of the most defining games of this genre came out in the late 90's to early 00's after all. Divinity: Original Sin 2 takes the things that made those classics wonderful and wraps them into a modern engine. It learned from all the mistakes that happened with the first 'Original Sin' game and improved greatly on them. So in summary, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. For me it's not only the RPG of the year, it's a strong contender for game of the year."
,Recommended,435150,35218943,Posted: 26 September,all,alfa_Q_all,Amazing once you take the time to get used to it.
,Recommended,435150,35177509,Posted: 24 September,all,Mad Monkey Business,"This game doesnt need many words to be described, its just a great game. There are improvements over the original, like crafting, but the overall feel of the game is similar. Not sure about the new armor system though.Gotta love this game!"
76561198079296997,Recommended,435150,34967573,Posted: 15 September,all,Gardureth,"I was ambushed by 5 skeletons and 1 voidspawn(?), the game warnes me that i am overwhelmed, but i dont flee like a man! :)I got killed ofcourse.- Reloaded the wrong file and ended up at the beginning of the fight again.30 minutes of doing my best i get killed again, the AI responded totally different this time.-Reloaded again to that point because the fight went a lot better this time.another century later i am dead, again the AI enveloped a different strategy.Thinking of what Einstein said about insanity, i took my loss and losted time and loaded a sagegame earlier.Best time wasted, and learned something too!This game is an experience and an adventure you will not soon forget!Thanks Swen Vincke and over 100 other people, for making the best game ever!"
76561198314434842,Recommended,435150,34806170,Posted: 7 September,all,Astrodesiac,Very fun game! Love the strategy and planning needed for battles!
76561197983881093,Recommended,435150,34806326,Posted: 7 September,all,CHUCK NORRIS FAN CLUB,"If you loved the first game then you will most likely love the second one as well. They took what made the first game great and enhanced and expanded that. I spent 36 hours in the first area alone and the world is much much bigger than that. I am glad they made it 4 player, that shows that they listened to their fanbase, a trait most devs lack imo."
76561198039872760,Recommended,435150,35396463,Posted: 1 October,all,SourBidoof,This game is the closest thing to playing DnD with your friends. I love it so ♥♥♥♥ing much.
,Recommended,435150,25950372,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nogord,"This game has filled the void in my body that great games like Geneforge have left in their wake. What makes this game so good? (+ is a Positive, - is a Negative)+The combat is fun.+The animations are fluid and easy on the eyes.+I can stab my allies and friends and nobody cares.+I can kill my allies and friends and nobody cares.+I can pillage the corpses of my allies and friends and NOBODY CARES. Except my friends. If you didn't want to die, you should have given me the ring! IT GAVE 2 WIT POINTS! YOU DIDN'T NEED IT!+You can customize your character to a decent degree for an alpha that only sports around 30% of the game's content.+You can turn your tank into the game's scariest kamikaze by lining up oil barrels, wearing a cursed ring and soul shackling yourself to the boss for some hilarious burst damage that leaves crippled enemies floundering around in necrofire.-There isn't enough game to keep me satisfied yet. It has about 2-3 hours of content on Explorer. Ignore this mode ENTIRELY. It makes the game too easy and you end up oneshotting most units. Classic is the right difficulty for beginners in my humble opinion. Even with a party of just 2-3 characters, Classic is entirely doable.(Advice)  Quickly stat Thievery and aquire Cloak and Dagger for your Thief/Assassin. A good thief can steal tomes from vendors that would otherwise cost over 250 gold for free. Cloak and Dagger is simply the most game-changing move Thieves/Assassins can get. This move is beyond invaluable for a mere 1 AP cost. Self Teleport on a short cooldown that clears away nearby ground effects on use, potentially saving allies nearby you when you teleport away, AND allows you to get to unreachable areas, teleport to those pesky backliners and quickly put you in the position to stun and wreak havoc on the enemy backline. Combined with Teleportation, this gives your Thief/Assassin a crazy amount of control over the battlefield.Mages should aquire Fossil Strike and some form of AoE fire spell as soon as they can. Having a built in oil barrel makes blocking areas off and burning difficult enemies down quickly so much easier. It also gives you an immense amount of control over the battlefiel with a targetable slow field.First Aid. This cannot be stressed enough how amazing this Huntsman heal is. It removes every debuff in the game but Cursed and Frozen AND heals a set 30% of hp, making it scale without any of your stat points being tosssed into water magic. It also applies rested.Necromancers. You want one. Especially if they choose Geomancy as a secondary magical build. The amount of debuffs, self healing and battlefield control they bring is crazy. Blood Rain into Contamination makes the entire battlefield into a poison bog. Add some fire and watch the NPCs panic. Pick Zombie and you will be insanely hard to kill outside of a burst.(Feedback) I would love to be able to change the instruments in-game AND for each member of the party AND enemies. Being able to do this would be awesome. Enemies could be a more somber or erratic instrument, while my controlled characters would be more vibrant to let me know when it was my turn more clearly. Just a thought~"
76561198073256421,Recommended,435150,25954574,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,S3NORpWns,Played ch. 1 of this game in early access. Great sequel to the original DOS game. Improves on almost every area with some mishaps and bugs (I suppose cuz it is early access). Can't wait to see this game complete!
76561198005619556,Recommended,435150,25958070,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Inferiae,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is an improvement over it's predecessor in pretty much every aspect. To keep it simple, here's what the original game done so well that was fantastic- Fantastic Turn-Based Tactical Combat- Compelling Narrative- No Handholding Approach to World Design- Challenging Encounters- Beautiful Hand-Crafted WorldThe sequel improves on the above in pretty much every way but tweaks the formula- 4 races to pick between and a 5th to come soon- Smarter AI, you can no longer butcher and steal while NPC's lick windows- Better pacing- Combat feels better all round, movement is punished less, animations feel tighter and the armour mechanic means you get CC cheesed a lot lessAll round despite being an Alpha it's incredibly playable and I've noticed only minor bugs.For a full first look at the game, feel free to check out my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX4buM8YTuE"
76561198008076613,Recommended,435150,35357942,Posted: 30 September,all,Jazzmigo,Worth it over and over again. Even thou there are still some bugs i could finish it on Tactician. The story is awesome and i do it again after they polished it a bit.
76561198182191297,Recommended,435150,35246581,Posted: 27 September,all,AceTrial,Recommend for RPG lovers!
,Recommended,435150,35354990,Posted: 30 September,all,Chris,id say so far this game is pretty cool. would enjoy it more if i had a group of friends to play with
,Recommended,435150,35355332,Posted: 30 September,all,gorezzwow,"It ticks all the boxes. The writing, characters, combat, environments, voice acting. A rich, detailed and beautiful world. The game sets you loose right away with many different options for handling every situation. This creates a true sense of freedom. Give this game your undivided attention and take your time with it and you will be rewarded greatly!"
76561198006812660,Recommended,435150,35355698,Posted: 30 September,all,BulletCasanova,Fantastic game. Thought provoking and challenging in all the right ways.
76561197970837903,Recommended,435150,25961557,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kerry,"Finally out of early access and everything promised delivered in spades. What a fantastic game, its got it all, story, a great upgrade path and enough side missions to keep us busy for 100 hours plus, what's not to like. This game is a triumph don't think about it get it and enjoy. I keep spoilers out of my reviews this is so much fun why would anyone want to spoil any aspect of it."
,Recommended,435150,35405112,Posted: 1 October,all,Folferz,"Takes everything I liked about the first Original Sin and expands upon it. Open world at it's finest -- no impossible to kill NPCs, no hand-holding, no limits except yourself. You feel like you're actually progressing as you go along.There are still some bugs to work out, but I have no doubt that a studio as fine as Larian will make this game perfect.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,435150,35245390,Posted: 27 September,all,Dey,Playing with one friend + Lone Wolf = yes
,Recommended,435150,35249227,Posted: 27 September,all,Mal'akhi,It's lit.
,Recommended,435150,35249422,Posted: 27 September,all,nick,Larian came to die for our sinsand only charged us $45 for salvation
76561198006811318,Recommended,435150,35357869,Posted: 30 September,all,Gotrek,"At the cusp of completion.I think this game has some major drawbacks. One being the difficulty spikes. I am referring always to classic mode for I have not tried any higher. You are doing well, almost a little too easy but nothing rediculous, and then BAM. You are fighting a group that kicks your♥♥♥♥♥so hard your teeth hurt. You reload and adapt and thats fun. But sometimes there is a fight that is just plain unfair.(Not much of a spoiler) There is a boss called Eternal Aetera. This is without a doubt the most rediculously hardest fight in the game so far and I bet the harder than the final. She basicly swamps your team by suprise with a sudden group of phantom wolves. She starts the fight and summons 2 more right on top of you and they attack first. In two or three hits they kill someone or leave them critical. Then she will do several attacks in one turn one of them being a group killer: Hail strike. She has a huge amount of armor and magic armor, and she can keep summoning wolves once killed. I have tried every damn strategy there is. I tried rushing, kiting, charming, status effects. I even tried breaking the dialogue to cheese behind the fight with the pyramids. I must be missing something. I had to lower the difficulty just to beat her. A few fights are this way so I think thats a draw back. I love difficulty and challange but unfairness I cant handle.Another draw back is the source points. I dont think the magic spells should use up these source points. I think the source skills should because regaining your source is kind of rare. You spend a lot of cash getting these awesome spells you level  and put points in for but you need the damn source to use it.Another thing I dont like is the limited of AP points. It just feels like it limits the strategy and you do the same battle over and over. Turn 1 you teleport or travel to them. Turn 2 you use your strongest attacks. But with that said it still is very very good and fun. You still get a good dose of strategy too.One thing I really hate about this game is the cryptic quests. Nothing holds your hand and thats a good thing. But the problem isnt doing the quest, its the completion. The problem I am finding is that so many quests seem to intermingle with eachother that actually turning them in is a god damn mystery. First playthrough on the first chapter: I have done about all the quests I could, but, I didnt know how the hell to turn them in so they left me unrewarded when completing the chapter. I dont know maybe I was just too impatient or not reading carefully. But there are so many cryptic steps to these quests that its overwhelming and annoying.  It's too precise, you must kind of be linear, but there are many ways to go about it. Thats the fun part. But trying to actually turn them in and deciphering which quest is actually what for each pertaining method is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Oh and there's bugs (current state)I love the game and highly recomend it. I dont think it's better than the first one. Theres a ton of dialogue with a good portion of it worthless. It's pretty slow. But the game is very long and it's got good graphics, good music, good story, good level up system and good combat system. UI could be better. Cluttery inventory is unavoidable in this game.If you like the first game you will like this one. The modding community looks really good. But I think the first game is better. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,435150,35358401,Posted: 30 September,all,Lemon,BEST GAME!
76561198168566438,Recommended,435150,35404633,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr. StealYoMeeps,GOTY material right here
76561198083823316,Recommended,435150,35052864,Posted: 18 September,all,Scoup A Loop,"This game is incredible, it is honestly hard to walk away from. If you enjoy Turn based RPGs, the ability to play Co-op, and really diving into a world they've built with keen eyes you will walk away completely satisfied. I can't wait to replay it with the different NPCs.This is my first review, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,435150,34763609,Posted: 5 September,all,Grumpie,Awesome!
76561198006576152,Recommended,435150,34765320,Posted: 5 September,all,Asmo,"Love the game, great sequel. I wasn't expecting a content cut off after a certain point in the story, so I was a little disappointed with that. Everything is solid though. Hoping that the different races have different combat voice acting. Having the lizards sound the same as the humans in combat is a little strange.As always though, the attention to detail is amazing. So much to explore, it really makes you want to check every nook and cranny."
76561198039229905,Recommended,435150,35397166,Posted: 1 October,all,[HLF] Anvilman6,The crown jewel of CRPG's
,Recommended,435150,35397846,Posted: 1 October,all,Bear Cop,"Not much of a fan of games in this vein, but picked it up due to the very positive reviews from some friends. The rich story telling and tactics-based combat system grabbed my attention and won't let go.Please send help."
,Recommended,435150,35396750,Posted: 1 October,all,DW,"Best RPG since BG and NWN. Haven't enjoyed a game this much for ages.This is the Chuck Norris of RPGs.You don't play the game, it plays you.After starting it the first time I didn't stop until 2 a.m.Being a lad well into his 30s that is a friggin miracle :P11/10 - Would play this and forget my pizza in the oven any day of the week.Day 1: played this game so much my powersupply left me, ordered a new one which will arrive on thursday."
76561198115226886,Recommended,435150,35396808,Posted: 1 October,all,Solgom,AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RAWR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,435150,35396766,Posted: 1 October,all,Plague Ward,This game is weed
,Recommended,435150,35365691,Posted: 30 September,all,Maevine,"Buying this game 2 days right before an exam was a bad idea....On a more serious note (although I wasn't kidding in my previous statement), the game is great, lots of tactics and strategy involved (well... depends on what mode you play but even on classic it's hard for some people). Dialogue option that is perfectly balanced between reward and consequences (I dislike heavily consequence dialogue option simply because it forces you to pick the lesser evil one for better reward). Amazingly paced, 30 hours to finally beat act 1 and super satisfied with the outcome. English voice acting for everything, AND IT'S NOT BAD (blasphemey ik). One of my favorite feature is the Gamemaster mode, I've always had an interests in DnD (not the mmo etc but the actual game with dungeon masters and etc) but it's a pain getting a group to meet up and play it for hours and sometimes not even finish it. This way we can technically do the same thing but through online which is more convienent. Mods are great to help with it too, can't wait for modders to add more classes/races into this game.The consWell what do you expect? Not every game is perfect. This one has a BIG con right off the bat that most people in the community would agree with. Lots and Lots of bugs, especially for act 1 quests. Perfect example would be the fort joy arena quest. You aren't able to complete/progress in some of them even though you may have already completed it. Another bug (it may be me, but I highly doubt it) is that sometimes during battle when it's the enemy turn they freeze for about 5 seconds before resuming again (this is not often but it has happened more than once).Combat system and hotkey bar can be annoying sometimes, but this isn't big enough to impact the game. Mostly just pet-peeves. Sometimes when it's your character turn, your default action is moving your character, every once awhile that changes to an attack and I would accidentally click on the floor thinking I would move there, and same vise versa. No Idea why it switches. As for hoykey bar, there's already a mod to fix it - but it slots EVERYTHING onto the hotkey slots which can be annoying and messy.Otherwise I haven't encountered anything else that's bad. Majority of the cons aren't heavily game breaking. Yes you do miss out on 2-3 of the quests due to the bugs but I've beaten act 1 without it just fine. They aren't absolutely necessary, but they definitely should be fixed for the sake of lores, exploration, xp or for fun.9.5/10 with bugs, 10/10 when bugs are fixed. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time atm, might be better than witcher 3 depending on how the rest of the story goes (personal opinion)."
76561198000960785,Recommended,435150,35014118,Posted: 16 September,all,Magenof,Amazing CRPG
,Recommended,435150,35105612,Posted: 21 September,all,Dook Dic Gamer,"I have not play this kind of game for a long time, A Classic RPG that improve on everything on it genre. The Freedom is just MASSIVE!!I already builded 5 Charectors all on Classic Difficulty,A Fighter Noble Soldier who try to help everyone he can travel with Red Prince ,Lohse and Fane.A Lone Wolf Rogue who steal everyone but help those in need.A Noble Ranger Elf travel with Sebille.A Necromancer who I still don't know what to do with her.An Elf Ranger who I play Co-op with my friend.A Fighter already out of Fort joy, A Noble Ranger Elf running around try to fine everything that we can do in Fort joy.What I find is every fastified, there is at least 3 solid ways to get out of Fort Joy if you play solo[one guy in party], Fight your way out, Boat, Secret ways and if have others in party, Teleport is also an option.I didn't go far because I want to try to build a different class and see how they perform, I also wanna know what Fort Joy have to offer, and I enjoy it a lot...Bewarn This game doesn't tell you what to do, this for some are bad...but for me, I believe others will love it. Don't know what to do? Ask around and you will find interesting side quest, and some hint of something bigger outside...This make discover more reward, no quest marker to make you feel like you're stupid or lazy quest writer who don't have to write a good paragraph because quest marker already done the job.Reading also be negative for some, I'm Thai and English is my 2nd-language but still have trouble with it yet.GameplayCombat is turnbase which sadly turn others away...But believe me...This is Deep and every fastify Turn-Base game, making combo with class build, party and your surrounding make a turnbase game yet every dynamic and good gameplay.Graphic is so beatiful,magics and skills are very well presentedSound/Audio is very well doneespecially theme song...I love itPerformanceQuite good 60+fps even thought Turnbase gameplay's FPS isn't that important...However I still got crash here and there...at 21 SEPTEMBERPatch v3.0.143.148...still crash...very annoying, please fixed your game T[]TFunny, I played Early access and it didn't crash even once.""This is now my game of years, it's worth my money and I enjoy every moment of it""I wanna say that but will wait till they fix the crashIt's still don't stop me from playing though...Maybe I should start venture far more from Fort Joy to see what lay ahead."
,Recommended,435150,35103612,Posted: 21 September,all,Lammie,"This has become my ""One more thing"" game.  I was supposed to be asleep by 7am yesterday.  I think I crawled into bed around 11am.  The combat is a ton of fun and all the voice acting is great.One thing that tends to bug me about these games is the inventory systems with 3,000 different items that all do the same thing, this game suffers from that a bit, but there is a decent sorting UI as well as quick filters to get to what you want.On top of that being able to trade with almost every NPC makes it much less of a burden, loot 300 s*** swords off the last set of mobs?  Just unload them on the 12 year old that's in the next area over."
,Recommended,435150,35244319,Posted: 27 September,all,COUNTER-STRIKE89,10/10. There should be more games like this.
,Recommended,435150,35408276,Posted: 2 October,all,Astray,"This is everything you loved about the old school CRPGs, Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale etc, brought into 2017. Tons of quests without any stupid green arrows to follow. GOTY 2017 contender!"
76561198160080545,Recommended,435150,35379360,Posted: 1 October,all,Loading...,I never review games. This is that good!
,Recommended,435150,34963882,Posted: 14 September,all,naomha,"Not so much a ""review"" as there are a million 2 hour ""reviewers"" out there in Steamland. Just want to be my 2 cents up on the board. My opinion on what i've played so far.STELLARThat's it. I held off on buying the EA forever. I'd even sit and fight with myself over my decision to remain absent from the EA period. After playing Divinity: OS a couple of times and enjoying it immensely I didn't want to sour my first journey through part 2 by having played an EA that may have been buggy, broken or even had things taken away I may have liked.Now, saying all of that. It's immersive, FULLY voiced and wicked fun so far. Larian have somehow taken everything that was fantastic about the first game and made it 100x better. So many choices, so many characters to choose, so many custom layouts to try in the future. Just, wow. Graphics are even BETTER. Sound is still stellar. Gameplay is so much more juicy than the first game. I'm enjoying it immensely in case you haven't figured that out yet. A worthy successor to D:OS and easily one of the finest RPGs you'll probably ever play. Easily.EDIT:  Ok, I'm now at about 32 hours in. I still haven't gotten ""freed"" yet off the beginning island if that tells you anything. I have found a ridiculous amount of secrets. I have about 20 working quests and I've gone from literally wearing rags to being armored in some pretty sweet gear. My weapons are pretty pimp and I've got some really nice procs firing off with most of them. The game is harder than the first. I've found that trying to play it even like the first game got me killed quite a few times. RELOAD!!! However, this time around there are some really SWEET combos that can be pulled off between characters. Thing is. YOU have to figure them out. So awesome. I don't want to spoil it at all but let's just say that if you work the right combos you can hit for some serious damage.All things said and done, this game is going to easily last me quite a long time in my first playthrough. AWESOME game."
,Recommended,435150,34992144,Posted: 16 September,all,official-asian-grill,"Honestly this is my dream RPG. D&D inspired, strategic turn-based combat, fully voiced, playable lizard race. All I could ever want in an RPG + beautiful graphics and a super immersive experience. I currently just escaped the initial area (Fort Joy) and am excited for where the story takes me. Personally, I found the combat really hard in the beginning because I had no healing spells or good equipment so I would recommend setting the difficulty to Explorer for the beginning. Yes, you'll have to bite down your pride, I know, but the medium setting (Classic) is actually pretty hard in the beginning because you are expending maximum effort and consummables basically every single fight. You can change the difficulty later, when you're better equipped and spelled up.I played Divinity: Original Sin 1 and 2 is such a great upgrade. Good job, Larian, you guys outdone yourselves!"
,Recommended,435150,35088555,Posted: 20 September,all,Country Billy🤠,yes
,Recommended,435150,35249544,Posted: 27 September,all,Papa Dan,"I may have restarted many times, but each playthrough is just as fun as the last"
,Recommended,435150,35404945,Posted: 1 October,all,November,"So good. So, so good. Voice acting is great for each character, the narrator himself is amazing, and the story is compelling. The combat is difficult even on normal, but that's the point; the game asks you to prepare for each fight and use everything to your advantage - including the creation and management of a synergistic 4 person party. I've only played for about 16 hours so far and already I can see how vast the game is, how my choices have affected me thus far, and how I even wish I could start over knowing what I know now. I'd say that level of replayability is a huge part of the fun though. I'm having a blast."
,Recommended,435150,35404991,Posted: 1 October,all,Quoth the Raven,"Great combat mechanics, good story but not too much dialogue spam like with Tyranny. So far, I am happy with it. 45USD, will last awhile Im sure!Very glad good RPGs are coming out that are still relatively challenging and not story walkthroughs."
76561198022417199,Recommended,435150,34939447,Posted: 13 September,all,BoNER_FaRTS,This game is so good. Its been a long time since ive felt this kind of freedom in an RPG. People coming in expecting an easy game like today's rpg games will be disappointed. This game is brutally difficult but extremely worth the time commitment it takes to learn the combat and game systems. A must buy!
,Recommended,435150,35245283,Posted: 27 September,all,XenoCapa,"This is a fantastic game, I love RPGs with good combat mechanics and DOS2 delivers and go beyond my expectations. I played the first game but got blown away on how much has improved since the first (still missing slash, blunt, piercing damage though)"
,Recommended,435150,35249280,Posted: 27 September,all,Cholmes,Ye
,Recommended,435150,35249615,Posted: 27 September,all,Mitchewitt,"Fantastic Combat, Lovely world, atention to detail is second to none"
76561198026691976,Recommended,435150,35355346,Posted: 30 September,all,Kisame,"An enemy summoned a skeleton, So my friend charmed the undead and I turned the summoner into a chicken and went into cryostasis. Then we made a dwarf charge into the chicken so it fell over.10/10"
,Recommended,435150,35386796,Posted: 1 October,all,Karmatic,I didn't play anything from Larian Studios before and was hesistant to spend 45 bucks on something unfamiliar.I am too inpatient for long and slow-moving games (i like watching tv shows while playing) but oh boy has this game sucked me into it.I should be studying for exams but i am playing Divinity everyday for several hours and i am really intrigued by the story and by all of the sidequests.
76561198011420112,Recommended,435150,34752387,Posted: 5 September,all,Sadface,"Old school RPG think Baldurs Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Fallout 1 & 2 and more recently Wasteland 2.Now add modern mechanics and what do you get? A F#&%ING WINNER!Buy it now and forever be part of history!"
76561198110556000,Recommended,435150,34752431,Posted: 5 September,all,Walther PPS,Thouroughly enjoying this game.  38+ hours into it so far...
,Recommended,435150,34752520,Posted: 5 September,all,Duckling Fantasy,"So easy to fall into this after playing the first DivOS:EE. Can't wait for the voice acting and other little updates that'll be released when the full game launches next week. What a great game already, and I'm only 5 hours in. Can't wait to rack up hundreds of hours and several playthroughs like I did with the first installment :)"
76561198011510460,Recommended,435150,34753436,Posted: 5 September,all,Fredyfred,"I never posted any review for any game, but this one really deserve it. It has everything to please an RPG player. The early access content is far better than almost all RPG I ever played. Both the story and in-game mechanics are extremely satisfying and the pvp and gamemaster content they intend to add for the release are very promising."
,Recommended,435150,34753895,Posted: 5 September,all,Linuby,I am just going to say: A-m-a-z-i-n-g GAME!!! Thanks Larian <3
,Recommended,435150,34755703,Posted: 5 September,all,Logan Handsome Pants,"How is it this good and only ""Alpha""... I don't even like turn based combat. Get this. make your friends get it. Play in a team and have a great time."
,Recommended,435150,34765328,Posted: 5 September,all,リ ヴ ァ イ,Undoubtedly the best co-op RPG i have played in my 18 years of gaming experience.
,Recommended,435150,34774462,Posted: 6 September,all,Spartacus,THE... GREATEST... RPG......  EVER.....!!!!!!!!!If the collectors edition wasn't 150 bucks I would have bought that too but to be honest it's worth that.
,Recommended,435150,35105787,Posted: 21 September,all,Martin,Quickly becoming one of my favourite games of all time.A masterpiece.... albiet with a few bugs here and there.
,Recommended,435150,35271488,Posted: 28 September,all,ｓｎｕｆｆｔｂｕｎｚ,I just wrote this to contribute to the Echo Chamber of positivity.But it's really as good as everyone says it is. Anything else I could say would be redundant and not as well said. Just buy a copy or a few for your buddies and have a blast!
54654653215646584,Recommended,435150,34971948,Posted: 15 September,all,Samselott,"Simply fantastic, doesn't re-invent the wheel but makes quality-of-life fixes to an already amazing prequel. 10/10."
76561198042174834,Recommended,435150,34971892,Posted: 15 September,all,Gadredz60,Seems amazing so far and i'm only about 4 hours into the game. I know i will sink a lot of time into this masterpeice in the coming weeks / months...maybe years?
76561197961071094,Recommended,435150,35121539,Posted: 21 September,all,Moos,"This game is awesome, it is just what I have been looking for. If you liked Neverwinter Nights and/or Dragon Age Origins this game will be perfect for you. Create your own unique character (or modify/chose a premade character for even more story details) and dive into the world of Rivellon. It is insane how much detail the creators put into the world, how rich the story is, how ever NPC has voice-over and a story to tell. Can't write more, must go play."
76561198007308968,Recommended,435150,35299446,Posted: 29 September,all,Zheph,"I've been super tired at work every day for the past week, because every day I stay up way too long playing this game."
76561197988385765,Recommended,435150,35119532,Posted: 21 September,all,Kennifer,Game is amazing.
76561198010301627,Recommended,435150,35119294,Posted: 21 September,all,Dead Inside,The best CRPG I have played since Baldur's Gate 2.
76561198061292974,Recommended,435150,35133240,Posted: 22 September,all,RosstheBoss0,This game is one of the best RPG's I've played in my existence so far on this planet.And I've played far too many RPG's.BUY IT.
,Recommended,435150,35133520,Posted: 22 September,all,Sehales,"Simply a masterpiece. Great story and writing, beautiful graphics and an awesome combat system. Probably the best RPG of the last decade."
,Recommended,435150,35119504,Posted: 21 September,all,Gulthor,"I'm a long-time tabletop gamer as well as a long-time CRPG gamer; D:OS2 absolutely captures the best of both worlds. I've been playing with a couple of my regular D&D crew, and we've been really getting into the swing of things. The level of freedom is frankly intimidating, the tactical combats are extremely rewarding, and the level of character customization is deeply enjoyable."
,Recommended,435150,35119635,Posted: 21 September,all,JSlimm,"Never played a game of this genre before (Diablo-ish RPG elements with XCOM-ish RTS combat)Spend a half hour on character creation*Crap refund timer is ticking*Wonder after 2 hours of trying to figure out the complexities of the game if i should refund or not...Decide to keep game and play moreWow am I happy I made that decisionAmazing game, never played one like itAddictedSh*t I'm back"
76561197975610747,Recommended,435150,35119746,Posted: 21 September,all,Bransor,"I'm 46 :)  and finally found a game to scratch that itch I've had for years. I've just barely gotten out of the starting area.  It's so beautiful, I can't stop looking at it.There is so much more, the music, the sound effects, the awsome combat. I haven't been this engaged in a RPG in so many years.  I Love it."
76561198046850071,Recommended,435150,35270061,Posted: 28 September,all,Quissah,I'm still on my first playthrough and I haven't even left Fort Joy yet...Absolutely amazing game that does not cease to impress.10/10
76561198003960027,Recommended,435150,35246588,Posted: 27 September,all,Valediction,Buy it.
,Recommended,435150,35249538,Posted: 27 September,all,envy.,"Uhhh decent D&D campaign.  Responses don't seem to matter very much, which is whatever.Plot is pretty good so far, but I'm still in Act 1, almost to 2. (23 hours as of writing)Combat is really, really good."
76561198085140593,Recommended,435150,35408709,Posted: 2 October,all,Morrighan,I threw a starfish like the olympic gold medalist shotputter into a trap which blew up half the enemies in the cave.10/10 IGN-
,Recommended,435150,35408983,Posted: 2 October,all,Plant?,Hot damn I haven't enjoyed a video game this much in years.
,Recommended,435150,35036759,Posted: 17 September,all,dennis,"I've got almost 30 hours in since release and I'm barely into the second act.If you like any of the following - RPGs, pen and paper roleplaying, immersive worlds and voice acting, tactical gameplay (that is as easy or difficult as you desire) and dozens of race/class combos you can't go wrong.In my top 3 games of all time even if the rest of my playthrough is complete a n u s."
,Recommended,435150,34874065,Posted: 10 September,all,Soma,"Amazing RPG Turn based, lots of improvement over the first one."
76561198028026637,Recommended,435150,35412232,Posted: 2 October,all,weaseL,Yes.
,Recommended,435150,35276718,Posted: 28 September,all,DiscoAmazing,"This game is incredible. The sheer variety of things to do (and ways to do them) is on par with classic CRPGs like Fallout 1/2.  The writing is also very well done, including work by Chris Avellone and other genre luminaries.The combat is intense, strategic, punishing, and widely varied.  If you go in the wrong direction, or face too strong enemies. (Aka, trying to just kill all of your prison guards instead of escaping the prison in another way) you will almost certainly die.  But, if you carefully optimize your builds and strategies, even seemingly impossible odds can be overcome.To top it off, the entire game can be played in up to 4 player co op, either online or in splitscreen. The co op in this game is some of the most creatively implemented I've ever seen, letting characters work together or compete against one another depending on the characters and circumstances. As has been said before, this is about as close to a tabletop roleplaying game as I've seen on a computer.OH YEAH, almost forgot: the graphics are amazing. Really, this game is beautiful.  If you like RPGs, this is quite simply a must buy."
76561198031248381,Recommended,435150,35196414,Posted: 24 September,all,EbonNexus,"I've played through Ft Joy 4 times, once by myself, and 3 times with 3 different groups of friends.Each time has ended differently, wether it be certain NPCs dieing, some staying alive, different ways to reach the objective, different people met, some people left alone, different classes, different skills, different team composition, different ways to approach fights.This game in unbelievable. Twists, and turns of a beautiful story, mixed with mindblowing mechanics, amazing graphics, and a combat system that will make you crave the fires of battle, or make decisions against it.I don't even like RPGs, Let alone standards CRPGs, but this game takes the cake. I'm having a blast with it and don't plan on quitting any time soon. Gotta know how it ends!"
,Recommended,435150,35302287,Posted: 29 September,all,Scree,"I've rarely been engrossed in an RPG like this one. This one goes up with the best RPG experiences of all time for me. I rate it better than my favorites Baldurs Gate and Baldurs Gate 2. While I don't give this better marks than Witcher 3 (I mean... seriously I don't see how you could), this title is supremely worthy of purchase to anyone who calls themselves an RPG fan.I could go on and on about how interesting the character building is in this game, but its probably one of the more frustrating aspects of the title. Their are so many choices, its difficult to fit all of them in, in a single play through. While I do consider their to be some balancing issues between physical/melee and ranged/magic, I do imagine that player mods will one day solve this.If players committed to making engrossing campaigns (or the developers continued to add-on to this title) I'd be set in my deeply-rooted RPG needs for years to come.Kudos to them for actually coming up with a storyline that interested me, and wasn't filled with standard fantasy tropes. I really enjoyed this, despite not having completed it yet. This is a magical title and you need to buy it, even if you don't enjoy this particular style of game."
,Recommended,435150,35392909,Posted: 1 October,all,Town-Portal,"So far it gives me the good old Baldur's Gate feeling. I find it hard to stop playing, which is a rare feat these days. Will update this review when i have played some more, but so far... i feel this will become a classic."
,Recommended,435150,35455147,Posted: 3 October,all,Numerix,Buy it worth every $$$
76561198025419191,Recommended,435150,35363866,Posted: 30 September,all,Zoizite,Best RPG in a long time.
76561198118543304,Recommended,435150,35451672,Posted: 3 October,all,EdBlade,Best rpg I've played for a looooooong time
76561198013180364,Recommended,435150,35434535,Posted: 2 October,all,Presstabstart,Amazing game
,Recommended,435150,35408352,Posted: 2 October,all,Cheeriodog,You can shoot laser beams as a pyro mage. The scale doesn't even go high enough for that♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197982128399,Recommended,435150,34964367,Posted: 14 September,all,☢Ｄιαмση∂ѕρι∂єя☢,Great follow-up to one of the best team CRPGs ever.
,Recommended,435150,32397717,Posted: 13 June,all,Cyggie ❤,Pure CRPG sex.
,Recommended,435150,35424456,Posted: 2 October,all,Moka Akashiya,This game is magnificent a masterpiece at worst. Anyone who says this game is bad just does not know hwo to play or just need to relook at what they think are good games because they think COD is a masterpiece. Every NPC is voiced and you will certainly get your money's worth.
,Recommended,435150,28569852,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,vestul,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:A great sequel to the first. Even more challenging on Classic mode. Enough new updates and  additions from the original to make it unique, but still feel just as smooth. Great looking game, not very demanding.As with the first, the camera is fairly close, and it would be nice to zoom out further but it is what it is. Still has bugs of course, but it's not hard to tell that the game will be amazing.9/10"
76561198022051317,Recommended,435150,29943002,Posted: 15 February,all,jimelsner,"I liked the early release a lot and have made it most of the way through the first Act in the ""easier"" explorer mode. There is one thing. Even though I have leveled up to 5, along the way, some battles are over the top...unfair. The enemies go first and frequently kill most of your team before you can even start. A good example is the one with the witch Radeka...she has many acolites that retore her and are above you and after 5 tries of no luck, I have given up on the game for now. Maybe the developers will modify these kinds of things. It is no fun to not be able to move along on a game and I have been doing this for 20 years."
76561198059489397,Recommended,435150,29999508,Posted: 17 February,all,HKDisaster,"Great game, if you're reading this just buy it. Spoilers below, so don't read any further if you want to figure out the game on your own.You guys mentioned that you wanted feedback if it seemed like there was a relatively easy way to beat your game after the AI changes. Well, having never played the Divinity series before, here are my two cents.I played through with two melee fighters and two casters. Both melee fighters were 2h and Warfare, no other skill tree. The casters were both Hydrosophist/Aeromancers with a couple of points stuck in necromancy that I rarely used for the healing on damage to vitality. No necromancer skills. The casters both wore shields.Equipment wise, it's more efficient to wear some cloth and some plate than to wear leather at all. It doesn't seem to negatively impact me much to drop at least one point in int and strength for each character to ensure they can all get the best gear, but the difference in combat for having better armor is huge.By sneaking around, stealing gold from merchants and fleeing immediately, etc, it's very easy to outfit all characters with new gear every time they level up.Now the more direct parts of combat. By focusing on disabling the enemies and executing them rapidly, I was able to easily circumvent almost every fight. The ones that I couldn't were more user error than anything else. My two heavy-hitting melees up front, one mage a bit behind them, and one mage sneaking up front to teleport a squishy enemy back to the thunderdome (I normally picked Rangers if there were any, because of their ability to teleport). As long as the melee characters both have a turn before the ranged character (and therefore, in most cases, before any enemies), they could easily dismantle that single foe before it could react at all.I then took that a step further, when I noticed that most of the Warfare abilities I used were multi-target. By sneaking up on the enemy, and beginning combat by having a low-initiative mage teleport an enemy in, and making sure the other mage had the highest initiative (followed shortly by both fighters in no particular order), I was able to regularly execute three enemies at the beginning of every fight before any of them could respond. This takes a pretty considerable investment into Wit, or some +initiative gear, but the result is devastating. Three enemies down before a single enemy gets to make a move.We've covered that the mages are basically teleport bots, but now for the fighter rotations. I played through with a dwarf and an elf, but two elves would probably be better for the racial ability that addsd +20% damage (which is INSANE). At the beginning of their turn, (blood sacrifice first if elf, after rage in already at 6 action points) cast rage on yourself. This ensures 100% crit rate. Follow that up with AOEs; you should be able to do at least two on a turn, since most of them take 2 AP. Because Blood Sacrifice adds one AP, if you have that you can follow up with your charge to knock them down. On your second fighters turn, follow the same rotation. If any enemies are going to live, spend the last action on your fighter's turn knocking them all down with one of your two knockdown abilities. They'll spend the turn getting up, and you can just do it again. Most don't live to that point, though. Oh, extra points if your high initiative healer is a human, so she can cast the human racial on your fighters before they move, further increasing their damage done.I was able to one round more than half of almost every encounter in the game using this combination - it's very broken. Then again, it does take some considerable investment in Initiative to pull off, and leaves you open for counterattacks on your fighters who will be enraged during the turns of whichever enemies survive. When it doesn't work, which is normally only when you miss twice in one round, the remaining enemy both can and will rapidly dismantle your party.This might be more effective with dual wielding instead of 2h fighting, but I'm not sure about that. My mages almost never need to kill anything, and rarely had to heal or use their own CC (freezing and shocking) because by the time it's their turn everything is dead.If I had to pick one ability that was overpowered, it would be teleport. Shortly followed by the Elf racial, if there were a second. They both have such a massive impact on the game, it's hard to fathom playing without them."
,Recommended,435150,35424179,Posted: 2 October,all,Xabaneros,"I'll come back to this review, for now, game of the year."
76561197991669622,Recommended,435150,35424492,Posted: 2 October,all,™DEFIR™,So about this game. played it fully from start to finish and got 89 hours. so for what it's priced at even for full price this game is worth it. and don't get me wrong the 89 hours were pure gold and this game makes me want to go back to original sin 1 and w8 for original sin 3 or at least some deals.
76561198029377469,Recommended,435150,28550442,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Soldonzo,"I've barely scratched the surface of this Alpha version of the game, but can already tell I'm slowly falling in love. The formula of Divinity 1 is still present, but the harsher edges have been ironed out, so as to be more palatable to people like me. So long as Divinity 2 offers enough content on release, I see it surpassing the original in both popularity and quality.I recommend waiting to buy after release, when the price goes down and they release more game content."
,Recommended,435150,35424172,Posted: 2 October,all,Fat Cat on Mars,"While the game is not without its issues, so far it is possible the most beautiful RPG I have played in both story lore and visuals, and I am not a huge fan of the CRPG genre, only having played Pillars of Eternity before this.I have yet to finish my very first run, but I can not recommend this game enough to fans of even just the RPG genre in general. There are a few issues regarding performance and not all the bugs have been squashed, but I highly urge paying the full price instead of waiting for a sale."
76561198007968756,Recommended,435150,31750041,Posted: 14 May,all,Sigher,Wow.... This game is too good. This is still in early access and it is one of the best games that I have ever played. I bought the entire series after playing this game.
,Recommended,435150,35261744,Posted: 28 September,all,oibut,Played 30 hours. Literally just got off the starting Island. Decisions matter. People die. Combat is hard and success is satisfying. Buy it now.
76561198035501706,Recommended,435150,28245869,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,indotopia,"Great for those who love D&D style combat or turn based in general.  Very much a free world, steer away if you need direction.  However, even that can be supplemented by an online guide."
76561198012344000,Recommended,435150,31744263,Posted: 14 May,all,shabface,"well what is there to say, its still early acess...constant buggs - characters stopp moving randomly, freezes, inventory dissapears at times with relevant quest items and so on, but hey atleast there isnt that god aweful trait system from the first one..so RP'ing might be a thing even if you want to minmax builds. lets just hope they never implement it"
76561198306864003,Recommended,435150,32389845,Posted: 13 June,all,SicariusTheBastion,I can not wait for the full hame to release this was so much fun already
,Recommended,435150,34912004,Posted: 12 September,all,Myk,"Probably the best RPG ever, honestly can't think of any that come close, even the last DOS was nowhere near as good as this one."
,Recommended,435150,34914659,Posted: 13 September,all,Black Top Xionicbeats,"My experience in nutshell.create lizard warcasterattempt to break out.dies.repeats 1talks to dude,lives!crazy woman explodes, and a ♥♥♥♥ing voidwoken craken thing is killing the ship..cool.runs around ship stealing as much as i can. (cleptomaniac lizard apparently)gets to fort joyfinds red princefights♥♥♥♥♥♥find random zombiescream out ""WOOOOHOOOO ZOMBIES!!!""die..revert save, kill it this timefind human dude, talk with imPARTY OF 3steals♥♥♥♥♥♥kill magisters and people harrassing elf36 hours laterfight everything at only lvl 6 but, uses careful planning and pre battle prep to ♥♥♥♥ everyone overkill people,get killed, repeat 5 times,win the big battle,get on the living ship.crashes..get asked if i will dm mode the game by friend.checks.cantme sad7/10 game so far from single player (had alot of glitched stuff and random aggro allies after unchaining)0/10 for not allowing people to use dm mode even in early access. (opt for a key to experience it when it is early access purchased and help work out bugs with possibly the largest community you can have)after experience rating.5/10.i understand its early access and not complete but the fact it crashed consistantly after the hall of echos (second entry) instead of just giving a pop up saying. (you have reached the current end of the game. we are still working on more of its contents.) then taking you to menu instead of just. (screen black, back to menu)."
76561198013870632,Recommended,435150,35434640,Posted: 2 October,all,$hady,My pick for the best game of 2017. Quickly becomeing one on my top games of all time.
76561197970978759,Recommended,435150,35434175,Posted: 2 October,all,THEGREEN,"Remember when you first played Assassin's Creed back in 2007, and you thought, ""Wow, I really like the ideas and where they are trying to go with this! This is definitely a new breed of game, but I just can't help but feel the overrall game itself is really kinda meh and rather repetitive somewhat, but at least engaging enough to make me enjoy what I have.""Then Assassin's Creed II comes out back in 2009, and you thought ""Wow, I am sure glad I gave this sequel a shot! Not only did they not dare touch what made the first game pretty good, they actually improved upon everything else to where this game is just amazing and made me really enjoy the living heck out of this so much I'm willing to play seven (and now in just a couple weeks, eight) more of these!""Well, 2009 is back, and it's called Divinity: Original Sin 2 - The Originaling Boogaloo((P.S: Why isn't this game overwhelmingly positive?))"
76561198008226611,Recommended,435150,35423898,Posted: 2 October,all,Koga,Nothing beats Reuniting a Father & Daughter... well other than killing them both after for the loots. 10/10 would will kill again.
76561198037298224,Recommended,435150,35429051,Posted: 2 October,all,Xysos,"Tough and Enjoyable. Don't buy this if you expect a walk in the park. This game WILL challenge you. That being said, it is extremely fun and with a deep world and amazing graphics. Would recommend (and have)."
,Recommended,435150,35427746,Posted: 2 October,all,Desswink,made me realise that im a casual pleb10/10 would die to a random dog again.Bloodborne was easierTHERE IS NO PLAYABLE CAT RACE JUST LIZARDS I NEED CATS
,Recommended,435150,35427843,Posted: 2 October,all,FtDLulz,Simply amazing.
76561198041397549,Recommended,435150,35427708,Posted: 2 October,all,Imp,"Just buy it, play it, let yourself be lost in the masterpiece if game."
76561197993552902,Recommended,435150,35427784,Posted: 2 October,all,Jaws,"Incredible, not since playing nwn released has a RPG had me this excited! A+++"
,Recommended,435150,35438742,Posted: 3 October,all,The Kraaken,"On par with the Witcher as my favourite game ever: characters are great, storyline is alluringly rustic, combat can be difficult but rewarding, huge replayability, freedom:linear ratio is prime. Cannot recommend the game enough, well worth the $45 USD."
,Recommended,435150,35187766,Posted: 24 September,all,Jack Bright,"So I woke up on a boat in a bunch of rags tied to a table and realized this isn't my usual state of affairs, and I was on a boat to auschwitz but for cool people. I met some elf lady and she was carving names into her arm like an edgelord and was like ""yeah I can read memories by eating people"" and I said ""No ♥♥♥♥ing way"" and she's like ""Lemme lick your arm I'll prove it."" So I gave her my SKELETON ARM, because I decided my character would be 2spooky for this world, and she was just like ""lol whatever"" and did it anyway. Turns out she was telling the truth. Neat.Then some stinky red lizard looked at my teeth and said I would be a bad slave becuase I can't cook. Shortly after that some old woman blew the boat up because she's got a touch of the dementia.I woke up in a concentration camp for wizards and then I murdered people extorting a woman for protection money, and then she took me into a cave and a small child asked me to play hide and seek so I did and then he showed me a secret door and I went inside and he introduced me to an old giant skeleton and the old skeleton told me about a secret passage next to a statue. So I went that way and I found that elf chick that licked me spying on a stinky lizard and she was like'Nobody gets the drop on me, I should just kill you.'And I was like ""Okay but what if""""You didn't""And she was like 'You know that's a pretty good point lets go kill the stinky lizard'And then we did.Turns out some smelly lizard enslaved her and she's on a grand revenge quest and the names in her arm are who he made her kill so she doesn't forget what he did, and on her other arm its the people she's going after. I wasn't sure if it was edgy or badass so I decided ♥♥♥♥it lets just go.Also apparently I'm the second coming or something, so that's cool. But there's like six other people who are also the second coming and there can only be one in this scotland. Speaking of, one of them is the elf that's helping me, Sebille or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyway...Anyway, then I went through the passage and I ended up in the KKK's basement, but I couldn't figure out how to get out, so I killed some teleporting crocodiles and just kicked the front door in before murdering EVERYONE, then went back into the basement and then I killed their flesh stitcher and then I ran into the swamp and fought a skeleton that made illusions so I could get a wand that eats magic and then I used it to kill the grand wizard.To be more specific I used it to bypass a bunch of screaming jesuses that shot lightning at you , then summoned a giant worm because I tried to fix my armor, and then murdered the pope and his teleporting gimp sidekicks (but not really because he had an extra life in his backpack)Anyway, after that I stole a talking boat by convincing the door to the captains quarters that in order to answer the security question to recover the password I had to know the password, so it told me and then realized that it was dumbtarded. That's how I showed up in Driftwood. I got told ""YOU NEED TO BE A BETTER WIZARD. I went snooping about for leads. Which led to...Be godswoken, slayer of ♥♥♥♥♥es, hero to the people, divine aspirant, soaker of panties, meat grinder extraordinareGo into tavernGuy asks me if I want stew or something a little more spicyInquire about spicyTLDR 10/10 Lizard chick upstairs DTF for 100 coinsShow him my SCARY FACE (My actual face because skeleton)He freaks out and just gives me the key for freeGo upstairsSpot 10/10 Lizardwoman""You'll have to leave your companions outside, darling""ISENSEATRAPLeave my teleporting pyramid on the floor nearbySitting there giggling waiting for the moment of ""WAT"" when she finds out i'm undeadShe finds outTHATS_MY_FETISH.MP4http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/239/281/fce.pngDecide its time for the bone zoneWake up with the ""Lucky"" buffAlso wake up with a bunch of hired assassins in the room talking about how they gonna kill me and take my moneyLizard is like ""no please muh bonezone""Assassin is yelling at lizard something something 'again!?' somethingRealize my stuff's on the bag by the foot of the bedReach into small backpack, pull out giant sledgehammerNo time for armorComrade uses pyramid to teleport into the roomPants off murder everyoneLizard is disdainful of assasssinsBone Zone 2 Electric BoogalooWalk out of the room having stolen all the money from the assassinsAlso took the leaders pants♥♥♥♥ yeah, I'm the godswoken.That really didn't help me be a better messiah, so I found people that were already good at being a sourcerer. One was some slimy undead dwarf that was stealing nerve gas and generally being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and after I beat him up we had the following exchange.""TELL ME HOW TO BE JEEEEEEEEESUS""'lmao no'""Mang I'll ♥♥♥♥ing kill you don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;'okay holy♥♥♥♥♥♥just eat this space lobster heart and leave me alone'And then I ate the space lobster heart and got superpowered. It was pretty cool, but I needed INFORMATION.""What were you stealing""'It may or may not have been nerve gas'""Who did you give it to?""'I cant tell you that he'll kill me'Then I slapped him with my pimp hammer and he tried to tell me but then he exploded. Weird.Anyway I asked some demon possessed lizardman to give me more magic and he just did it for free, demons are pretty cool like that. Well, mostly free, he just wanted me to kill some cultists I would have done anyway, so that's pretty good. He told me where to go, and I went for the place with a really unimaginative name where I'm supposed to jump in a lake and become the new god king or something like that.Got there and Sebille was like ""Hey you know that ugly lizard that enslaved me and made me kill a bunch of people? He's there.""and I was all 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥m80 what are we gonna do'And she said ""Look dude you're actually a pretty cool guy (♥♥♥♥ yeah I am) and you've really been a huge help to me and I feel like I can trust you, because you've literally been solving the worlds problems left and right (You're god damn right I am) so I'm gonna teach you how to use my slave scar he gave me to stop him from instantly mind♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me by proximity""So she did and then we hugged and stuff and it was really weird because she said I have soft hands and I think she forgot I'm a skeleton.Anyway then we landed on the island and the pope was there and he told us to ♥♥♥♥ing murder everyone else so we did because, well, they were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also killed that stupid lizard that enslaved my comrade. She was pretty hyped about that.We get to the door to the god-making kiddie pool and she says ""Hey, you can be god. I really think you'd be better at it than me, since you're such a hero.""Which is great because I actually kinda like this chick and didn't feel like smashing her... with my hammer.Anyway all the other casuals were there and they were like ""WE GOT KILLED BECAUSE OF YOU BUT THE GLORY OF SATAN BROUGHT US BACK TO LIFE AND WE'RE GONNA ERASE THE WORLD LIKE IN UNDERTALE.""To which I replied ""that's pretty gay"" and beat them all to death again. But right as I was about to become the god emperor...Some edgy ♥♥♥♥♥ resurrected Ganondorf to teach her how to kill all the magic so he gave her an ancient Shamwow that sucks up magic instead of liquids and then she cucked me out of godhood and killed the pope by using her magic dishrag to♥♥♥♥♥♥all the power out of the divinity granting tanning bed and ran away like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but ganondorf is getting out of his bondage leash and murdering ♥♥♥♥♥es when edgelord isn't looking so he can be the new hokage.We got back on the boat to go chase edgelord down. En route I smashed Sebille with my 'hammer.' 4 times. Bonezone counter: 6.Now I'm in the capitol and trying to stop them from finding jesus's corpse and stealing his stand power so they can ♥♥♥♥ the entire world over by removing everyone's source and thereby turning them into Stephen hawking if he was also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 best game."
76561198029951903,Recommended,435150,35355624,Posted: 30 September,all,Kryist,"Well, I'll go straight to the point: skip the details and just get it, it's a great, great game, and you'll be doing yourself a huge favour.That said, there are still minor bugs involved like portrait problems after using mirror(don't google this, spoiler) and invisible enemies upon loading mid-battle. Though far from game-breaking, it does well to bother. But such a great triple A game for the current price? GET IT. It definitely stands side by side with the recent -- recent being two years back -- top titles that you still have a clear memory of. Definitely enjoying it more than Witcher 3 for some reason, despite both games being the genres that I'm clearly not a fan of."
,Recommended,435150,35428482,Posted: 2 October,all,敗者,Buy it. Don't think about it.
,Recommended,435150,35452590,Posted: 3 October,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Before Divinity, RPGs were assumed to have crappy combat.It was kinda of a given that if you were a sprawling epic adventure, something would have to suffer.  Time and time again combat would draw the short straw.  Even in some of the most beloved RPGs ever made (Baldur's Gate,  Planescape Torment), it's tough to point to the combat as a high point.  At best, it was serviceable.Divinity's combat is nothing short of incredible.  At its heart is the concept of combining elements to produce effects that are greater than the sum of their parts.  Shooting a character with a lightning bolt might not do much damage, but zapping a pudlde of water could electrify an entire group of powerful enemies, effectively disabling them.  Shooting an arrow at an enemy isn't especially powerful, but placing your character in a tower above the battleground gives massive bonuses to both the range and damage of their arrows.  Divinity gives you a mind boggling number of tactical options, and demands that you use as many of them as possible.  The difficulty is nothing short of punishing.  This is one game where playing on ""normal"" translates to ""hard"" and playing on ""hard"" (tactician mode) translates to ""nearly impossible"".  And yet, if you take the time to combine spell effects correctly and plan each fight out before it starts you will find yourself victorious more times than not.  Divinity wants you to THINK when you fight.  If you're looking for a mindless dungeon crawler where you can steamroll enemy hordes as soon as you find a +1 weapon, this isn't it.  Gear helps, but it's never enough on its own.  Tactics are king here.Having said all that, Divinity is more than just great tactical combat.It also immerses you in its world with a deep narrative, and interesting characters.  The writing is top notch and has a uniquely dark and sarcastic humor.  I can't think of many games that let you have conversations with demonic chickens, or play as a face stealing skeletal mage.It's a large game, too!  I've sunk about 40 hours into it so far and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of the world. The amount of exploration that can be done is almost mind boggling, with secrets stuffed in every corner of the map to reward patient and methodical players who (literally) leave no stone unturned. (No, really, you often have to move rocks to find secrets underneath!)So if all this sounds like I'm gushing,  It's because the game is *that* good.  I will repeat my previous caveat though.  Divinity is HARD.  And I don't mean,  ""gee, that was kind of a challenge"" hard, I mean Dark Souls ""How the ♥♥♥♥ could I possibly win this?"" hard.   If you're someone who wants a nice casual stroll through a fantasy world,  this may not be the game for you."
,Recommended,435150,35035543,Posted: 17 September,all,Jonis326,I have been playing the game for a fair bit now. I am thoroughly impressed and would recommend this to anyone whom loves good storylines.
,Recommended,435150,35363559,Posted: 30 September,all,Eri,"Just wanted to give a quick thumbs up for this game because it absolutely deserves the positive praise it's been getting.I've been having a blast playing with my partner in crime. It's perfect for co-op if you're looking to adventure into an interesting world with 3 other friends or just your favorite person, I highly recommend it.You really have to communicate with your team or partner about what roles each other will be playing if you want to succeed in this game. For example, I'm the persuasive barterer and lockpicker, with an archer and knight. My boyfriend is the item finder and crafter, who plays a healer/summoner/buffer and a battlemage. Our team works pretty perfectly together. Defeating enemies after a long battle with no one dying because the both of us expertly communicated with one another over who to hit and what moves to make, etc, is extremely satisfying. I even feel much closer to him because of how well we work together, the game is quite the bonding experience.It's also fun laughing at some of the many absurd interactions in the game, like being licked by a dog whose been eating corpses and ending up getting deseased because of that, all because you told the dog it was a good boy.Long story short, I recommend this game as both a great solo experience, and an incredible muiltiplayer experience."
76561198039880604,Recommended,435150,34952435,Posted: 14 September,all,Perch,"i'm stupid russian man and i wanted mypromisedrussian langP.S. the purpose of this review is to reach out to the developers and i did it, thx Larian!P.S.S. the game is awesome"
76561198013848200,Recommended,435150,34890230,Posted: 11 September,all,jack_of_tears,"If you thought the combat in the first game was interesting and fun but didn't care for the poor story and very limited roleplaying, this is the game for you.  Everything I've seen in this game has been improved, the combat is better, the story is more compelling, the characters more interesting and the dialogues more involved.  The Origin characters add a nice twist, allowing you to play characters with personal stories woven into the narrative, rather than watching them from the outside, is better than creating a personalized character - though you can do that as well.  I've only played for 9 hours but that was enough to make me excited about this game and I've since held off because I want to experience the voice acted game when it releases."
,Recommended,435150,35430919,Posted: 2 October,all,LoyalPin,So far an amazing game with already memorable moments. Can't wait to hop further into this game and give it a full review.
76561198255705827,Recommended,435150,35430939,Posted: 2 October,all,Moosta,Best game I've played in a very very long time. A must buy.
76561197996359789,Recommended,435150,35431601,Posted: 2 October,all,Monkey,One of the BEST most comprehensive RPGs I've ever played. Characters have depth and the dialogue choices can take you any direction in any conversation. Fantastic game.
76561198044457036,Recommended,435150,35444029,Posted: 3 October,all,Lung Tien Lien,"Yeah, it's actually as good as everyone says it is. Generally, I expect people to exaggerate in their steam reviews, but no, this game really is that good.I was a little wary going into this game as I couldn't get into the first. This game improves upon pretty much every aspect so if you're like me and really wanted to like the first but couldn't - this might be the game for you.The characters are colorful, particularly the companions and the story is interesting the entire time. I especially liked that some story elements brought up early on tie into the main story many hours later.Overall, if you enjoy games such as Baldur's Gate 2 or Fallout 1/2, you'll most likely enjoy this game as well."
76561198190336461,Recommended,435150,35441880,Posted: 3 October,all,konv228,Great game. It might need some tweaks at the late game play.
76561198034754600,Recommended,435150,35451627,Posted: 3 October,all,Burian,"The freedom of choice is real, I'm genociding non-humans left and right here."
76561198046996937,Recommended,435150,35448880,Posted: 3 October,all,Prism,"In the age of full priced games with paper-thin DLC's from drive-by publishers that move on after a game is released, Divinity Original Sin 2 is a legendary item drop from a truly great developer--Larian Studies--that you should absolutely pick up."
,Recommended,435150,35462068,Posted: 3 October,all,Lykis,"Best RPG in existence, if you like RPG's, D&D, or any form of role playing fantasy medieval game, then buy this game."
,Recommended,435150,35045582,Posted: 18 September,all,Suq Madiq,"The game is alot of fun and i have had a great time in it, so far the only and biggest complaint is how buggy the quest journal is and just ignores updates through the game.Hopefully this will get a fix or a mod to sort it out."
76561198148034501,Recommended,435150,35110404,Posted: 21 September,all,Kiron Drake,"Don't be fooled by my play time; I played offline quite a bit and it seemed to have missed that time. I have played quite a few Divinity games, Divinity I, Divinity I Enhanced, and now this one. sadly, I have not beaten Divinity one just yet...becasue this game has ensnared me it it's beautiful artwork, charecter classes, and story. In this game, Divinity one is turned around as you now play a sorceurer, the 'bad guys' from the first game.As expected, the combat is tougher than the first since you start with the bare minimum. You can't run in swinging on the first Island, it takes quite a while before you reach the 'run and gun' stage of blowing away the compition. hell, I was wrecked by some silent monks because a spell went a little crazy.The Island rquiers you to play smart...very smart. you need to watch everything and make sure you are not standing in water before you electrocute it. you have to look for archers hidding in the bushes. You have to heed the warning of 'don't break this jar or something bad will happen to you' (That something bad being five skeletons showing up an wrecking your face)In short, the game is difficult if you are reckless. A single wrong click will screw you faster than a missed swing in Dark Souls. I recommend saving often and having a backup file just in case. the Island will trap you, and It will kill you. You have little hope of succsess...Welcome to Rivalon.now, some positives and negatives:PRO:-Voice acting. Totaly worth it-stratagy to make my brain hurt-A litteral TON of loot-dark humor in a dark game that I shouldn't have found so funny.-steal EVERYTHING!....then die-Super Rewarding when you reach that point where you can actually fight, insted of flail and hope you hit.-A actual story, something that I miss in many of the other games I play, complet with plot, conflict, and a resolution...if I ever get there.CON:-The mouse can be very picky when you click, and will not hesitate to f**k you over. It can be a real rage feast when you try to shoot an arrow, but insted you walk next to the guy with a sword bigger than you.-The Price. I got this a while ago when it was in development and I had the money. After playing Divinity one, I scooped this game up fast. If you are on the fence about the game, wait until it goes on sale. This game is totally worth the price to me, but I knew what I was getting into.20/10"
76561197986036881,Recommended,435150,35470956,Posted: 4 October,all,Decin,Game of the year!
76561198059830913,Recommended,435150,35188424,Posted: 24 September,all,Aiyaaiya,"The best!!! Perfect gameSometimes, the battle seems impossible for you to win. Reload save, re-arrange your pre-battle position (may do it by sneak), win with fun. Best strategy rpg game ever."
,Recommended,435150,35210426,Posted: 25 September,all,[TFX] HOFF_9000,"Tons of fun, its like dnd without one of your freinds having to forgo playing to be the dm, also combat dosnt take ages and you can get things done due to people not having to spend ages looking up the rules"
,Recommended,435150,35379999,Posted: 1 October,all,Volfenstein,"Super solid, way more fun with friends."
,Recommended,435150,35210068,Posted: 25 September,all,Drakhian,"Great writing and voice acting, fantastic gameplay. Simply amazing!"
,Recommended,435150,35210382,Posted: 25 September,all,Blip Blip Up-Smash,Good game
76561198083949401,Recommended,435150,35187587,Posted: 24 September,all,Psycho,Best video game I've ever played so far!10/10 Game of the Year!
76561197984132409,Recommended,435150,35188531,Posted: 24 September,all,SpenceMcA,Simply the best rpg to date.
76561198061963301,Recommended,435150,35204035,Posted: 25 September,all,BATMAN did it,50 hours in. Left tutorial island. 10/10 classic RPG.Reminds me playing old school RPG games 15 years ago...
76561198023602822,Recommended,435150,35210324,Posted: 25 September,all,The man who shaved all of China,"AAAAAMAAAAAZZZINNNGGGG, JUST LIKE OLD TIMES"
76561198084984969,Recommended,435150,35410615,Posted: 2 October,all,lemomon,Wow! purchased 30ish hours ago already clocked up 17 house and i havent really gone to much past fort joy. Loving the diffeculty of the standard playthrough. Love Love Love it! cant wait to play again tomorrow after work.
,Recommended,435150,35187917,Posted: 24 September,all,daywalker_pvp,Greatest crpg of our time
76561197987866957,Recommended,435150,35210449,Posted: 25 September,all,Hatge,Great game. Great adventure. I love all the details in that game.
76561198005728094,Recommended,435150,35238438,Posted: 27 September,all,Kungpoh,"I don't normally write reviews(mostly because I am lasy) but this game was so good i actualyl have to write a review because the amount of people who've bought this game is unjust, more peoeple should get this game. I know I sound like a fake sellout be it's really good RPG game and it has in build Co-op Campaign built into the game, whens the last time you palyed a RPG that didn't require Hamachi or something? It's a pricey game of £30 but it's a complete game. When the last time you spent money on a game that didn't require you to buy DLC or season pass just to finish playing the game? The game is also super polished. I've spent just under 30hrs so far and i felt i've al;ready made the money back from the enjoyment and I haven't even finshed the game yet.5/7 Best Game 2017 easily."
76561198026392973,Recommended,435150,35188282,Posted: 24 September,all,foobz,"Enjoyed DOS1, now enjoying DOS2.  Masterful games.  Only question is whether you like the genre - if yes, easy buy.  Will be looking forward to future games from this developer."
76561198008322935,Recommended,435150,35265916,Posted: 28 September,all,Sparhawk2011,"Simply put, this is the best game of 2017' and most likely the decade. Well worth the wait."
,Recommended,435150,35188146,Posted: 24 September,all,Devils-Advocate,"A modern masterpiece. Hand on heart this is not only one of the finest RPG's I have ever played, but one of the greatest games I have ever played full stop. EVerything about it is masterfully crafted.Beautifully well-written.Beautifully designed.Deep and challenging combat that will engross you from begining to end.Voice acting is top notch.The variety of weapons and armour is impressive, and the way the same armour looks different on each character is a lovely touch. Even early game items look good.Map is huge and there is a ton of content to explore and discover.The Origin characters are all interesting.To be honest I could go on, but I won't. I'll conclude by saying this will go down in history as one of the truly great PC RPG's. Every PC gamer owes it to themselves to get it."
76561198000910912,Recommended,435150,35222954,Posted: 26 September,all,Gamer MD,"For many years i've been PC gaming and hadn't written a single review. After playing a couple of hours of Divinity Original Sin II I couldn't remain silent. After playing a lot of other aclaimed RPGs such as Elder Scrolls Series, Witcher Series none of then before kept me so focused and deep into the characters and narrative making me read every book tome and scroll because yes the make difference in this game. Despite all of this, the graphics are gourgeous, the enviroment interaction is perfect, the riddles and level of dificulty keep you just in the edge."
76561198118329911,Recommended,435150,35210168,Posted: 25 September,all,Hino Eiji,"I used to be a good guy when the magister put a collar on me , until a kraken decide to fk my future gf D :"
,Recommended,435150,35400145,Posted: 1 October,all,Krillock,Timeline of the rpg:co-op rpg strategy board games (good but long set up time and rule learning) --> singleplayer srategy rpg videogames (decent but locking myself in my room for 100 hrs without any human contact is killing me ) --> videogame action rpgs (ok but boring enemy ai and combat mechanics) --> videogame singleplayer action rpgs where every decision you make doesnt matter at all and everything is a grind (not even an rpg at this point) --> (9 years later) co-op strategy rpg videogames (perfection).-->??co-op action rpgs??♥♥♥♥ING FINALLY!
76561198143484500,Recommended,435150,34474042,Posted: 24 August,all,matt.w.collins,"(This is the first time I have reviewed a game for Steam)  Divinity: Original Sin 2 is, in my opinion, an instant classic.  It is similar to other games such as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.  I have played through much of the first part of the Fort and I am having a great time.  The graphics are amazing.  The soundtrack is enchanting.  The overall mechanics of the game are seamless.  I would recommend this game to all lovers of the fantasy genre and to those who enjoy turn-based combat games.  Many of the fights you encounter will seem hopeless, but with some strategy and patience, you will prevail."
76561198045393803,Recommended,435150,26517891,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mr. Red,"I played for at least 10 hours through Act 1, it can take more or less depending on how you want to play, even after completing it I've seen other playthroughs, discovering things I hadn't before in my personal playthrough, just goes to show how many directions you can take the game in, for better, for worse, thats your decision giving you a free yet story guided experience.If you appreciate immersive exploration and RPG elements similar to Divinity Original Sin 1, in combination with its new  incredible art style with the amazing sound trackscreated by Larian, you will enjoy Original Sin 2Yes you may run into an occasional bug or glitch but its in early access and its well worth it for the amount of fun I had playing through through Act 1"
,Recommended,435150,35360454,Posted: 30 September,all,🅷🅴🅴 🆉🆈 Pz,"So far the game has been amazing, so many unique interactions, strategies and paths you can follow, the immersion is very present aswel once you get experienced with the game mechanics and controls.However don't forget this is a a turn-based fight game, meaning everytime a fight starts, your squad and enemies are fighting on a per-turn basis (higher initiative go first), I don't usually fancy playing turn based games but this one's very well worth the time if you like putting your mind into strategizing your way out of a bad fight (for ex. I was slightly outpowered in a fight at a ""dungeon"", I decided to retreat my party into one of the prisioner's cells and lure them in, one by one they would get cut down like pigs as they entered - it felt very rewarding). The choices you make are also very visible, not to spoil anything, but let's just say you can decide peoples fates (murder, persuade, steal, empower, betray, etc)There's 4 difficulties to the game so you can always amp it up to test your skill. There's also the game master mode which I haven't tried yet but seems to add another extensive layer of gameplay with it's plentiful customization options."
76561197972457245,Recommended,435150,35361893,Posted: 30 September,all,5eg_Fau1t,"I love this game.   There is just so much to do, so many people to talk to, the battles are challenging and you have to think about your plan of attack.  There are some minor issues that bother me, such as when managing runes, why can't I just double click on the rune and it become socketed?  Instead I have to click the rune, drag it into the equpiments rune slot.  Silly, but totally fixable by patch.  The manual camera can become disorienting at times but nothing major.One of the biggest issues I find is knowing what to do next, sometimes you are hunting around not knowing where to go.  This can be a waste of time when you want to complete a specify quest but the log is really vague.  Also because of this you often run into enemies who just completely own you because you aren't strong enough to fight them yet.  It would be nice if the quest log was a little more specific in where to go, who to talk to etc,   Or specify when you enter an area what the recommended level is for your character to be successful.Great game, be warned though it will consume your social life."
76561198063442814,Recommended,435150,35360491,Posted: 30 September,all,[VR] Death By Venom™,Absolutely fantastic CRPG. So far it seems like it’s on a clear path to GOTY 2017. And with Pillars of Eternity 2 coming out early next year I couldn't be happier as a RPG fan! Let’s keep the good times rollin'!
,Recommended,435150,35459143,Posted: 3 October,all,Seanskilling,"Initially the turn based style dissuaded me from buying this game. Now that I have actually bought it and played it, probably one of the greatest strategy/RPG games I have ever played.Reminded me of a hybrid between Diablo, x-com and Skyrim.Main downside imo is keeping a track of your quests and what to do. the journal doesn't offer too much information which leads me to just going ton the DOS2 wiki or spend 5 hours trying to figure it out ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198026546607,Recommended,435150,35460131,Posted: 3 October,all,Freaky,"Best game of the year! So much bank for your buck, feels like winning the lottery!"
76561198031673833,Recommended,435150,35460613,Posted: 3 October,all,King Aeldin,"Awesome game, an epic experience to play with your friends. The first was epic, but this one just turns things up another notch! Great job Larian Studios!!"
76561197991921781,Recommended,435150,35457004,Posted: 3 October,all,Stroganov,"The first game was great. This is better in every way,"
,Recommended,435150,35463972,Posted: 3 October,all,Chris,"Bang up ♥♥♥♥ing game. Seriously, best RPG in many, MANY years. I haven't ever really reviewed a game before, so I'm going to give it my best shot. This game is about as close to DND on a digital medium that you can get while still being its own game. Fully interactive environment, (tons of fire, electricuting water, exploding oil and poison) and the developers really played with it.Just a small spoiler alert, but to just put it in perspective how the environment comes into play. There's one fight pretty far into the game on top of a mountain of wreckage. Out of absolutely nowhere, tons of oily blobs come to kill you. Every time you damage them, and they move, they spread oil. So the whole time, you're trying to batter them down as you move up the mountain to get away from them. The dev's then have it to where when the oily guys finally go down, TONS of fire guys show up and ignite all the oil. I know its kinda hard to get it across, but fighting ontop of this giant mound with fire everywhere trying to batter down the fiery slimes, seriously felt cool.Character creation wise, I mean it's pretty good. Not a ton of customization, just standard face 1, 2, 3, etc. But honestly not a big deal. As you develop what your character is good at, you grow to love em.Classes are pointless, you build your character the way YOU want to, so they can literally become anything. I've got a few characters going, and all feel super unique and diverse. A dwarven rogue shapeshifter who can grow a tentacle arm and smack people around as well as shed all enemies magical resistances to support, I've got a fire slinging geomancer who uses oil♥♥♥♥♥♥to explode just about everyone, and I've got a necromancer archer who summons tons of undead corpses to explode all over people. It all feels super unique and fun to play. There's times where I miss my other characters, hop on them to play, and then miss the one I was just playing. Kinda neat.If you want my advice, 100+ hours advice, PLAY WITH FRIENDS. Preferrably in person. Hit up an old school lan party feel, bring cpu's over, build a SUPER diverse cast of characters, and hunker down. Pizza and beer obviously. Plan for an all nighter, because I literally PROMISE you you'll be playing til 6am EASY. I haven't personally had a game grab me like that in many years, and god damn its a good feeling to have back. Go larian, you guys are the men and women making games great again.10/10."
,Recommended,435150,35190298,Posted: 24 September,all,Cat®,"Now at release it has a fair amount of bugs and balance issues, and at times they do impede on the enjoyment of the game. But overall I got a good 100 hours of gameplay out of it in my first playthrough and I think 98 of those were well spent. I'd write a 5 page review of it; but here I'll leave it at a 'A fine game that can't manage to let its flaws bring it down.'Highly recommended, but a few patches would do it good."
,Recommended,435150,35246903,Posted: 27 September,all,Valkuma,"Holy moly this is good.Probably the best CRPG made in the modern gen.Satisfying hard combat, unique systems, and on top of that, massive explorable world and intriciate details and puzzles. Tons of cool lore and characters and great voice acting.10/10"
76561198017257035,Recommended,435150,35428848,Posted: 2 October,all,PleaseDontKiLLRiz,"Wow! Just Wow. Kinda like the feeling from playing Bioware games before they sold their soul to the dEvAl (sic), but on steroids. Play it on tactician mode and I ask myself this questionWhen was the last time i felt like this playing an RPG, not to mention a turn based strategy game?The 1st Divinity Original Sin was epic. This one is... lets hope EA doesnt buy over Larian100+hrs and only just got outta Fort Joy(restarted twice), cuz everything about the game(lore, tactician mode, tinkering with party build) is just mind numbing amazing. oh you think xcom is an awesome turn based strategy game? like comparing chess and checkers1st time writing a review on Steam, but its not for you guys. its a big THANK YOU to Larian! Thank you.Its been too long"
76561198023909750,Recommended,435150,35458263,Posted: 3 October,all,RiN_Rinzler,"my first 10 hours of this game is extremely impressive: this game feel more well written then the first, but why i bought the game is the style of play. you have total free roaming around to do what ever you like there is all ways a quest that put you in a new direction and makes replay ability high. the best is the well cast voice acting all most all text is voice acted (99%). if you play multiplayer you are not forced to play narrative with the other players. f.eks. you can have a player locked in combat and when the guards are faceing your friend you can sneak pass them given of course your friend don't pass his turn. read more in combat.less good: while the multiplayer is free from being forced into the same quest and dialog as your friend,you will also miss the first voiced sentences in a friend's convocation and need to read it yourself this however is no problem for me but could be problematic for other people not following the same quest and want to hear all the digolog so find a slow gamer friend. you can't have it all and you can always play the game again and it will never be the same.combat: is hard but excellent. it is turn based like Xcom but do not stop the rest of the world only for those in a fight. it is perfect for a friend to sneak in position and cast a spell like an ambush this however need a lot of practise and voice chat (your friend might pass his turn and the enemy turns around and find you or miss clicks and breaks stealth).while using a computer is much like xcom the controller from a console is a little clunky and miss clicking but feels more immersive what i have seen.all most all the objects in the game can be moved around and you can even use a bucket as a helmet xDthere is a ""game master mod"" where you can make your own campaign and steam workshop so the game could last for ever.warning: this game can be extremely addictive if played in single player so have a friend or 3. and make a regular game date together.i give it 10/10 it has already been worth my money."
,Recommended,435150,35462858,Posted: 3 October,all,Behemoth,"A truly incredible CRPG. The best modernization of the genre that has yet been made.So many options. I've started over three times and I'm not even halfway through the game. Much better combat balance than the first game, every encounter feels unique in some way. Better designed in general, feels more directed, and has better writing and more interesting characters.Just fantastic overall. Even if you've never played the series before, pick this one up!"
76561198099277402,Recommended,435150,35260354,Posted: 28 September,all,Terron,"The game is exceptional. Highly addictive and varied. Graphics, music, voice acting, combat system, custimisation and general exploration are all top notch. My game of the year so far. Well dont to Larian and I eagerly look forward to their next  game. Looking forward to diving back in on tacticion mode. Great replayability also! Highly recommended to fans of rpgs. Warning the game is very long so you may need to have some free time to see it through, well worth it! 10/10."
76561198400268543,Recommended,435150,35260818,Posted: 28 September,all,redhookday,"First of all, this is an absolutely amazing game and a must have for all gamers, not just RPG fans. In a time where game developers so often disapoint and where true innovation is in short supply, Larian Studios really goes above and beyond expectation. I am happy to see how many copies of their game they have sold already and hope that their financial success will help them continue to create incredible games for their fans.Although I am not very far into the game yet, I can tell just how much depth and detail the game has and how much effort they put into it. I love the fights and actually look forward to them and enjoy them, unlike most games that just feel like work to grind through fights only for the experience points and to continue the story. The combat is full of endless possibilities for how to take down the enemy and experimenting with it is a blast.I like the pace of leveling up and gaining new skills, it doesn't take so long that it feels like a total grind but it takes long enough that it is exciting and rewarding when you do level up. There are a lot of skills and each one can be used for many purposes both in and out of combat and skills can be used in combination in some pretty cool ways.I could go on for a while about all the things I love about this game but do yourself a favor and get the game and find out for yourself!My favorite game of the year so far and I am not normally a big RPG fan."
,Recommended,435150,35099463,Posted: 21 September,all,A N T H E M,"Being the child of both rpg and turn-based strategy games, Divinity: Original Sins II delivers the best the two genres have to offer.  It can be played alone or with friends comfortably.  It doesn't feel like you [i\have[/i] to play it one way or the other.  In fact, DOSII can be almost defined by its range of options.  From cosmetics to functionality, Larian has done a wonderful job of creating a game that allows the player to experience a unique story every time."
76561198035678446,Recommended,435150,35238156,Posted: 27 September,all,RoboLamp,"You're not going to read my review, as there's just too many positive ones that will drown this one out.However, if you'd actually like my honest opinion of this game, then I'll say that this feels like the ""Half-Life"" of RPGs in how ahead of its time this is. There's so much to do with countless quests that have multiple branches, an overarching story and so many little (or large) extras! The sheer amount of content alone is astonishing and it helps that all of it is uniuqe and most of it is good!My only complaint so far is that you an't move your camera while in a dialogue.Worth the 45€, no question (at least for me)."
,Recommended,435150,34714670,Posted: 3 September,all,Brantanamo,"The positive reviews speak for themselves. If you like this genre of games you will love this, well worth supporting this company and having a blast."
76561198124586648,Recommended,435150,35327963,Posted: 30 September,all,xHongKongAtron,Took a bit of messing around but Lord tunderen Jesus it's a good time... half to restart but ♥♥♥♥ it.
76561198050510839,Recommended,435150,35327957,Posted: 30 September,all,Foster,Long Live Larian
,Recommended,435150,35185867,Posted: 24 September,all,Wul,"Amazing game, story, and visuals. I can't recommend this enough."
76561198025461801,Recommended,435150,35371060,Posted: 1 October,all,RiveraPete323,"If a game has 30 hours worth of content just for the first act, you know that game is gonna be good! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,435150,35256719,Posted: 28 September,all,Alistro,"РПГ, которую мы заслужили. 10/10Поражает количество вариантов взаимодействия с окружением, проработка сценариев и н♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥льные сайд-квесты. Очень много приятной мелочи, эту игру интересно изучать, исследовать каждый уголок, а в диалогах неизменным другом стали сохранения и загрузки, т.к. хочется узнать к чему же, всё таки, ведёт каждая реплика :)"
,Recommended,435150,35327950,Posted: 30 September,all,StickyNapalmChildren,"It's been a long time since I've found a game that completely erases whole days from my life. For the past two days I've slept as little as possible just so I can play this game as much as physically possible. This game is great. I've loved every minute of it so far. Are there some bugs? yeah. But I personally havent found anything game breaking, and the game is still new. So bugs are getting fixed."
,Recommended,435150,35369579,Posted: 1 October,all,z o r k,freaking awesome
76561198210824428,Recommended,435150,35256628,Posted: 28 September,all,joshuajamesetal,I've been waiting since Bauldur's Gate 2 for a game to match it's depth of world and gameplay.This game is what I was waiting for.
,Recommended,435150,35372300,Posted: 1 October,all,Forraz^,"Early Impression: Amazing, difficult and super in-depth combat mechanics. A lot to learn and a lot to see. (Will update this later on)."
,Recommended,435150,35185750,Posted: 24 September,all,PlanetRoq,"90 hours and I still haven't gotten off Fort Joy island?! The game is extremely fun and with voice narration on all dialogues, it makes it worth while! This is my first time playing the series and it nostalgic reminding me of the original computer RPGs with an updated version of today's gameplay and tactics."
76561198091547612,Recommended,435150,35185915,Posted: 24 September,all,Franz von Væterland,It is voice narrated!!! My eyes feel much better playing this game!
76561198035847641,Recommended,435150,35256416,Posted: 28 September,all,Ryan Reynolds Dad,"On the list of must have games like Witcher 3, Breath of the Wild, etc. Buy it"
76561198124042287,Recommended,435150,35328985,Posted: 30 September,all,Knight Captain Otaku,"Im probably not even halfway done, awesome game so far."
76561198075038610,Recommended,435150,35329409,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr. Ashenshadow,- Steal quest item off boss? Check.- Have him taunt my undead with mean words? Check.- Before the battle start have the rest of my party unload the 10 barrels of deathfog around the boss? Check.- Hear the boss last words about how he will crush me and enjoy taking my source? Check.- Laugh like a madman when my undead gets the first turn and obliterates half the realm with the stacked deathfog? Oh boi10/10
76561198008404101,Recommended,435150,34993333,Posted: 16 September,all,despo,"Divinity Original Sin was a very good RPG game. After the first hours i can say, that this game is in many aspcets much better then his precursor. For every RPG lover is this game amust to have."
76561198094191127,Recommended,435150,35501085,Posted: 5 October,all,Dream Twist™,Dungeons and Dragons the video game. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,35501242,Posted: 5 October,all,Aaron552™,"I was very reluctant to get this game. It was expensive, and I never even far outside of Cyseal in the first Divinity: Original Sin game. I found the first game much too difficult and complex. I then got the Enhanced Edition and recently (about a few weeks ago) got into it as I read the description and apparently you could change the mode. I chose Explorer. Still didn't invest enough time to get very far.October 5, 2017I finally got this game, started it up, and was bombarded with numerous and amazing features. For example, the ability to choose Origin characters or create your own. There were more class-types and the environment was spectacular! This is the best looking game I've ever played.To the rest of the game; I've played numerous times, only escaping Reaper Isles once but not even going farther than that. I've played as one Origin character in a party and an undead human conjurer as a lone wolf. Now I'm an Origin character lone wolf and am STILL having fun.I am still finding new things throughout my few playthroughs, like the cat familiar. :DI find it amazing how you can summon a cat, them jump up to unreachable places and you can swap places with it.I also found a lot of other unique treasures and hidden places around Fort Joy and I enjoy finding them.I am in love with Divinity: Original Sin 2. The price tag may be high, but the gameplay, content, and immersion is amazing! Brace yourselves too, it's a narrative game. -wink-"
76561198425923179,Recommended,435150,35504605,Posted: 5 October,all,rachelly.n.halper,Pros: literally everything about this gameCons: my schoolwork has suffered
76561198026309365,Recommended,435150,35505112,Posted: 5 October,all,WhiteBite,"Haven't finished this yet, nor have i played the first one. This game is brilliant and would suggest to anyone who likes the whole fantasy RPG genre. 10/10"
76561198068982328,Recommended,435150,35505862,Posted: 5 October,all,Dovah Avali,"A modern version of baldur's gate thats good!-Everything is fully voiced, for a game like this thats TONS of dialouge. All of them to even a rat in the bottomost of a doungen has great effort and character put into them.-Soooo many different ways to build your character the way you want to.-A super deep combat system, there are a ton of different interactions between abilities making all encounters unique-GM mode means you can create your own tabletop games!-Super good story.-Lastly a pretty good soundtrack"
76561198063895148,Recommended,435150,29101647,Posted: 7 January,all,matherzn,"It is what it says it is ! BUY IT s well as the first game if u havent. outstanding RPG and gripping story that keeps u playing and wondering whats next. Map design is furthermore as good, twists and turns here and there yourle find ur self constantly veiwing near every angle of a area to take in its nice veiws of greatly done world design, as well as looking for those hidden loot.the game wont be for those that dont like reading or figuring things out them selves, the game dosent hold people hands like that. Combat is very tactical and strategic play, is turn based , very flexble characters and use them to complement each other with there skills can realy pull off some nice stuff. The game is beuityiful and well crafted turn based combat RPG, it nails it elements spot on so far. the characters of the game are all well written and interesting persona's , especaily lohse love her character."
,Recommended,435150,31776353,Posted: 15 May,all,Angie,"Divinity: Original Sin 2So, Divinity: Original Sin 2...I have to say several things about this game before I properly review it.1) It's in early access alpha at the time of review.2) Only Act 1 is available, alongside an Arena mode.3) I loved Divinity: Original SinOk, so, for people who loved the first one, this is a must buy. Even at its current stage of development, which Larian Studios are constantly working on and updating, this is amazing. I have played through the first act as several different characters.Each playthrough has been similar and different in unique ways. For example, I tried to playthrough the game as a solo Elf Cleric.The Voidworm fight was nearly impossible for me. I then tried a proper playthrough, using a full party. My character was a Dwarf Rogue. Not only are the classes and races completely different, the combinations of combat were entirely different and I loved it.I will not lie, however. To people who A) haven't played Divinity: Original Sin, it could be hard to get used to, despite the tutorial help boxes. B) Some elements of the story can break. For example, if Gavin dies before making it back to the camp, you cannot progress in his quest. Note: This is not a game-breaker.Overall: Since I loved the original, I purchased this game early into its alpha. So far, I've loved every minute. I can't wait for the full release of this masterpiece. Thank you, Larian Studios!UPDATE: With the full release of the game, I am extremely excited to keep playing. Starting an undead elf character was the first thing I did. I am almost done with Act 1 at the moment and have discovered so many quests, characters and items I previously had no idea about. There are so many things to do and many quests to complete. The cinematics and introductions are a nice touch."
76561198051337011,Recommended,435150,35063205,Posted: 19 September,all,Oliviero,Masterpiece
76561198066002637,Recommended,435150,35063157,Posted: 19 September,all,orthostatic,"Did not back the game because it did not look interesting enough.Boy, was I wrong.I've never before had a release day game be playable, at least not in the age of game factories we have now. Divinity, however, accomplished that for me. I've had a wonderful time dying repeatedly while realizing just the tactical deficience of my decisions.Great job, Larian. Also, the first big post-release patch was pushed on a Sunday. Larian seems quite serious about their commitment to their customers, and if they continue in that vain, I shall reward them with mountains of my money.Also, the game is awesome. Get it. Enjoy it."
76561198099868889,Recommended,435150,35106512,Posted: 21 September,all,Gaaaaabor,"As a DnD fan, this game is instantly became my favorite, nicely done!"
,Recommended,435150,29147882,Posted: 9 January,all,Praetor,"I am not a fan of turn based combat and hardcore rpg's for the most part. I came across this a few months ago and remembered that the first one was amazing apprently so I decided to chance this game in a genre i don't like. This is one of the most enjoyable games ive played and this is in early access still. It's hard to point to anything specific as to why the game is great. The whole package is, from the ui (though can be a bit intensive) to the level design is smooth.At the time of this review the studio had redone the stat system and it is really nice. I feel it has both depth and simplicity that rewards careful planning but doesnt lock you in anyway. I write this review as someone who has played thinner RPGs (skyrim, Fallout 4) not as a veteran of this style of game. If you have not played any of the games and legit RPGs have overwhelmed you in the past, I recommend you try this game.If you buy this in early access just remember that there are bugs and changes fairly regularlyEdit: it is out of early access and i am not disapointed with this game. it looks beautiful sounds beautiful and plays like an rpg should. Do not expect any hand holding when it comes to quests, somethings are pretty obscure and will take some serious digging and/or luck to find without looking it up. another thing to note is Larian is typically pretty good with updates so expect the crafting system to be expanded more as well as more polish in various aspects of the game.In short it is a fantastic game and a great buy."
76561197992768578,Recommended,435150,35103602,Posted: 21 September,all,haha,"Awesome crpg. Lots of freedom, good characters and tons of builds. You can explore a lot. Restarted mid game because i wanted to up the difficulty. Had the same fun replaying the stuff as the first run. Absolutely recommended!"
76561198059731695,Recommended,435150,35106120,Posted: 21 September,all,Frederikos,One of the best RPG games ever.
76561198059922204,Recommended,435150,29142065,Posted: 9 January,all,neurotic,"If you loved the first, the second is shaping up to be even better!  I've played the EA three times though now ! :D"
76561198010304809,Recommended,435150,35132670,Posted: 22 September,all,SkyMaster,Best RPG game ever.
76561198019709602,Recommended,435150,35283927,Posted: 28 September,all,Avenger,"No dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no lootcrate, no overprice and awesome gameplay and story, yes this is my goty﻿"
76561198007746796,Recommended,435150,35031907,Posted: 17 September,all,deanswine,"Couple days in and it's exactly what I expected, a bigger, better version of the original. Loving it so far, a real RPG experience, makes you think, doesn't hold your hand but let's you get on with the main quest if you want. I can see huge replayability. Graphics, voice acting, action, all brialliant."
76561198053598512,Recommended,435150,35400708,Posted: 1 October,all,Raptick [OIL],I suck
,Recommended,435150,35434761,Posted: 2 October,all,VenomTexas,"Fantastic!... that feeling of epicness in every action,  back to the feelings with Baldurs Gate/D&D/Neverwinte Nights!...The Level of Detail, depth & customization of story and gameplay is fantastic!...Sounds & Music right on point!..Thank you for taking the step up to make it epic game!Fully recommend, for a bring your pace game!, take your time an savor the quality!..Your choices are your own!, your enemies are everywhere, choose wisely!"
,Recommended,435150,35261308,Posted: 28 September,all,Raive,"Only hit the tip of this iceberg, but already I can tell its a masterpiece if you like RPGs, the combat is an amazing mix of oldschool rpg turn based and tactical rpg. This is a True RPG and will go down as one of the greats. oh it also has co op/ split screen where you can give one or a few characters to you friend/friends to control. amazing."
76561198049160458,Recommended,435150,35477722,Posted: 4 October,all,iiTompa,"For a long long time Neverwinter Nights has been my favourite in the genre and I thought there would never come any game that could challange its place on the top... enter Divinity: Orginal Sin 2. This game is amazing! Interesting story and characters, fun and visually gratifying skills, co-op to be able to play with friends and so much more.. including murderous cows and evil chickens ^^"
76561198049316925,Recommended,435150,35477963,Posted: 4 October,all,Deitis,"I'm only in act 3 and already have about 60 hours logged. Been playing a multiplayer playthrough and its been one of the best co-op experiences I've had in quite some time. Inventory management could use some work (would it kill to allow some inventory hotbars on the side of the screen, or easy inventory management in general?). But it's a relatively minor gripe to what's been an amazing game. Been cool following the storyline of each character, I like Lohse's in particular."
76561197992423969,Recommended,435150,35478604,Posted: 4 October,all,Gatorator,"Excellent game once you get through the learning curve.  The first hour or so does a good job at teaching you the base mechanics of the game but can be a little dry in excitment. Once you learn the base mechanics though and start implimenting the more advanced mechanics, especially in combat it makes for a fun overall experience. The voice acting is good overall and the graphics are stunning but where this game shines is the ability to adapt and design your experience based on how you want to play it. Very good game, highly recomended for those who like games like neverwinter, baldurs gate or even some diablo fans."
76561198053292568,Recommended,435150,35476189,Posted: 4 October,all,effing,"This game is amazing. I have found myself losing battles and not being upset with the game and more my decisions. Came back after a 3 person wipe and changed tactics and only lost one and the other two werent even close. Found some better gear right afterwards (not due to the win) reloaded, geared up and went back in and destroyed without a single loss.What trips me out is I enjoyed that whole chain of events.The game is beautiful. Extremely well written. The voice acting is pretty fun. Some of the characters are very enjoyable to have around just for the dialog choices and the voice acting.The soundtrack is amazing. It puts you into an area in such a great way that I find myself not bored with exploring a the same area over and over again.The search for items and better gear is challenging on its own. I feel its pretty leveled out and a joy to find upgrades. Changes your tactics in the next fight slightly or completely every time.The turn based combat is great fun. I agonize over the right decisions to make, what character goes next, when to buff, when to heal, who to focus on, vantage points, lines of sight, area effects of water, fire, oil, and not to mention the stinking barrels.If you are on the fence and not sure you are wanting to purchase this game for 45$ let me tell you I understand. I have rolled 2 characters already and want to play a third just based on things I have learned. But what is crazy as hell is its not just the characters I want to change. Its the combinations of companions and their level progression. The replayability is out of this world as far as I am concerned.AND I HAVENT TRIED CO-OP YET!Worth the cost. Enjoying the game. And will for a long time."
,Recommended,435150,35478502,Posted: 4 October,all,Guthar,"Divinity 1, but bigger and better. 40+ hours in and I feel like I just started, and no where near the end. Runs great. Really fun with friends. Voiced characters and dialoge. Epic music. Worth every penny."
76561197960574309,Recommended,435150,35045640,Posted: 18 September,all,Luke,"If you are rather a action oriented player you won't like this game but it is a must have for rpg fans who like slow, turn-based combat. Plenty of (well narrated) quests will keep you busy for many hours. The character development and skill system is also interesting since it provides to opportunity to try out different approaches to gameplay and combat. What I also like is the fact that the higher difficulty levels are definitely challenging and require some planning before engaging in combat.However, the complexity might too challenging for people how want to have some quick fun. You will need some time to get used to all the options that you have.Camera movement is also a bit annoying in my opinion ... but maybe I am too clumsy. Many people also seem to have experienced save game bugs, which is of course a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and should not happen after release.All in all, I definitely recommend buying the game but be aware of possible save game bugs. Hopefully, good sales will result in more games of that quality."
,Recommended,435150,35122459,Posted: 22 September,all,Yavanna,"With the amazing interactions in this game nothing is impossible, I once blocked myself in a corner using treasure chests as a barrier while shooting at zombies. You can even carry massive paintings ur bags and use them to break line of sight, or you can just use said painting to kill a boss by throwing it on them. Literally best game for mass murdering people with artwork."
76561197999437013,Recommended,435150,35478006,Posted: 4 October,all,Thalantyr,This is the best RPG I have ever played.  I am really enjoying my time in the game.  Looking forward to the many mods and hopefully DLCs that follow!
76561197961774441,Recommended,435150,35478589,Posted: 4 October,all,GordoBoss666,"24h into the game and I'm barely past the first act (which servers like a tutorial island), and it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.It is hard as nails, but there's an easy mode for those who just want to experience the story, which is the best thing about this game. Wish I had 3 more people with a lot of time on their hands to play the story together, would be just like playing a table top d&d session"
,Recommended,435150,35505787,Posted: 5 October,all,SneakySnaky,10/5. Love this series.
,Recommended,435150,35499888,Posted: 5 October,all,CK Mortarion,Ghost boobs 10/10
,Recommended,435150,34892952,Posted: 11 September,all,Void of Skill,Best RPG I've ever played...
,Recommended,435150,34965112,Posted: 14 September,all,Memorize,10/10 Keeping buckets as helmets for now on...
76561198092394456,Recommended,435150,34859382,Posted: 10 September,all,Lok,"rich content , good graphic, a very good game"
,Recommended,435150,35265092,Posted: 28 September,all,nagysuti86,"Do you like a fantastic RPG what gives you complete freedom in how you go about your quests?Do you enjoy being lost in a magical world where good and evil is not always apparent?Do you have 100 hours free time?Look no further! This is a game for any and every RPG fan and then some. Its simple enough to jump in even if you are quite new to these sort of games but make no mistake, there is very little hand holding in this masterpiece. I felt a void after finishing the Witcher with all its DLCs and I was missing a game what sucks you in and keeps you engadged with more then just ""lootboxes"" and ranking lists to beat. This is it everyone! A worthy contender for the game of the year title with no questions!Every cent well spent on it! Thank you Larian!"
76561198035101712,Recommended,435150,34965263,Posted: 14 September,all,dominic.m,"Early access was top drawer and Larian have improved on it immensley!- Full Voice Overs- Waypoint travel- Performance markedly better- New NPC's in Chapter 1 make the replay interestingLarian, you beauty! *1000 thumbs up*"
76561198016175184,Recommended,435150,35088117,Posted: 20 September,all,Guwax,18 hours in ... still on the first island.
76561197997725577,Recommended,435150,34962150,Posted: 14 September,all,bbyers94,"Hard to find a better cRPG out there. Extremely customizable, huge amount of skills and classes to play with. Game master is epic to create your own unique story lines but the main game story is fantastic with many choices that have meaningful impacts on the game and characters within.Couldnt Recommend More.10/10"
76561197995920240,Recommended,435150,35212874,Posted: 25 September,all,DarkVoid,"Such a great game. Worth playing through many times. 10/10, highly recommended"
76561198049483177,Recommended,435150,34680833,Posted: 2 September,all,BlackOwl,Worth full price NOW.  You won't regret it.  Amazing game.
76561198220066864,Recommended,435150,34927700,Posted: 13 September,all,BreezeBlocksBabe97,amazing gameplay amazing co-op. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,34961221,Posted: 14 September,all,Kelanor,"This game is amazing. This game won't become lost in my gaming backlog, it's going to see a 100% co-op finish."
,Recommended,435150,34966940,Posted: 15 September,all,LyCo,"Best Game of 2017, if u can, buy it!"
76561198070352673,Recommended,435150,35118256,Posted: 21 September,all,Playback,"I just finished this game with the main story completed. I've got to say that this game is one of the best for its price range, there's so much content in this game its crazy and its all voice acted :DD. Larian studio's really out did themselves with this game, if I had completed every single possible side quest/content before the main story finishes we are looking into 150hours plus (on honour mode which I play) or 100 hours plus on any other difficulty whilst reading dialogue etc..This game is best played with friends as the character interactions/dialogue is top notch and provide really fun role playing. However I played by myself as I wanted to get immersed and finish the game on the hardest difficulty due feelings of it being rushed if I played with more people.it took me 52 hours to complete the game doing story mission only with 1 origin character story (Lohse completed) as well as critical side quests that are blocking my way to the main quest. I'm also playing on Honour Mode difficulty(if your whole party dies you save is wiped), basically I have to play very safe ( I died quarter way in the game, salty af).This game is worth every penny and its price tag just beats some of AAA games on global top sellers on steam for content/replayability to price ratio.I'm hoping for a Divinity: Original Sin 3 :DDDD, I loved the story in this :DDDDEdited : I'm gonna head back into this game and finish all side quests as well as explore."
,Recommended,435150,35252459,Posted: 27 September,all,Italian Pimp,"TL;DR: Every minute spent playing the game is anabsolute blastand definitely worth every penny.The very strong points of this game are the amazing versatility of the spells and combat mechanic, making you feel like you can actually come up with a sensible strategy to beat certain fights instead of just ramming into the beef fest head first. Unless you're playing a lone wolf pure warrior, in which case these two concepts meet one another.The ""puddle"" mechanic is intuitive and very fun to experiment with, for example making it rain upon your foes before striking them with lightning and finishing them off by turning them into a pile of frozen electrified flesh.The only problem you'll encounter is that you need to make your own replayability of the game in the form of changing playstyle, class or upping the difficulty as the content is nearly always the same.A few bugs here and there towards the end of the game but nothingmajor, it's mostly just spells unslotting themselves if you reorganize them a bit too fast and the such.The soundtrack is the perfect balance of soothing and tense, keeping you on your feet yet feeling like you're playing a D&D session with friends, great fantasy RPG feel.The voice acting is pretty good too even if you do get thesemomentsYARROW GIRL!You. It is you. I have found you. Vermin.What's this? I found something!A very solid game to play alone for a RPG feel or with friends for a great love/hate relationship that the main quest helps you build up and even actively encourages during certain parts of the game, much like the coop of Portal 2!"
,Recommended,435150,34209586,Posted: 13 August,all,Glitch/Filthwizard,"After finishing Act 1, i'm chomping at the bit to play more.  With new additions to the game being added constantly, the finished product is set to be a challenger to The Witcher 3 as my favorite RPG.Of course there are bugs at the moment, it's early access.  But seriously folks, this game gon be goooood."
76561198259135919,Recommended,435150,34746412,Posted: 4 September,all,Natebody,"Early Access Review:Original Sin 2 is what exactly what every RPG gamer has been looking for - there's a potency to its' immersion that every EA title should aim to hit. This is the caliber of gaming you (EA devs) should truly attempt to employ!!!! It's an absolute masterpiece of Early Access gaming. A true game of D&D mixed with chess.......Larian said they posted this game on steam with a laugh, and I know why!! Ok I'll stop with the hype and explain.(Graphics, optimization, controls, gameplay, sound.)Graphics/Animations: 10/10Right from the jump you notice how polished the world and characters look. From beautiful landscapes to fluid animations, I love it!!!! Nothing left to say here! Excellent job!Optimization: 10/10No loading screens.. LIKE EVER during your gaming experience! Excellent work!Controls: 9/10No complaints other than the restriction of your camera angles. Part of the experience is viewing a gorgeous and artistic world... You can never look at the sky....and view your character from better angles.. sad. Although, you can rebind your keys, you can rotate and zoom in - You feel like you're in control. Great job!Gameplay: 9.5/10This is where the bulk of the game lies. From story to combat - the immersion starts with the world appearance and story narrative, then ends with a blast with its' combat delivery. The combat is spaced out making you feel like you're not always in a chat box, and you'll be satisfied in casting, buffing or even simple melee attacks.  You can be whatever you want to be. Unless you want to be an orc...you can't be an orc - BUT what you can do from what they have to offer makes you feel like you're totally in control of your character's person.Yes, customization is quite limited. I like my rpgs to let me customize my character to the ""T"" ... and this does limit you in that aspect to a certain extent...better than most games but coming from MMOs you may be disappointed. Given a more customizable character and maybe even adding a few other races .. you'll never play the same character again. Character creation is key in this type of genre - still ... Excellent work!Music/Sound: 9.5/10The sound and music is fantastic! ... I'd still love to hear a larger variety of music during gameplay...This will probably end up being a 10 simply because they will add voice acting and more music throughout the future acts. Excellent job!Overall: 10/10The story, the adventure, the combat, the scenery, the ..... oh you get it already!!!! What a phenomonal game. RPG lovers, MMO lovers...hack'n'slash lovers... VIDEO GAME LOVERS! You'll love this. I wouldn't post my first review on steam if I didn't believe this to be a game for everyone on steam. Do enjoy! Thanks Larian!"
,Recommended,435150,34847912,Posted: 9 September,all,shackleford,"first act early access alone has more content than a lot of other recent games. I did two playthroughs — as thorough as I was my first playthrough I still found hours of content I didn't my first time throughif you want to know about the game, it's very close to the first but better in most aspects, so read a review on the first one.only cons:inventory handling is worse than D:OS 1party management is worse than D:OS 1no patch has been posted to EA for months to prepare for release, I'll update it on release if they changed it"
,Recommended,435150,34960409,Posted: 14 September,all,mitspieler,Such an amazing job... playing this with controller and enjoying the fully voiced dialogues.
,Recommended,435150,34962157,Posted: 14 September,all,B-Rock,"Hands down. This is the best RPG I have ever played. I thought nothing would top Chrono Trigger, Fallout 1-2, and Baulder's Gate 2. I was wrong. In a world of DLC on top of DLC and mindless games, Divinity Original Sin 2 has restored my faith in games."
,Recommended,435150,35036620,Posted: 17 September,all,SmurfInHell,"GOTY material in a turn-based open ended RPG. Memory leak problems found in the first act patched as of Sept 17 2017. Just verified all of my past save files that were close to breaking now work almost perfectly (stutter only in a specific area, lasts for a second then stops).I have over 100 hours compiled from multiple EA runs with almost 20 hours spent in the first act (2 campaign groups)."
76561198155332619,Recommended,435150,34218959,Posted: 13 August,all,cj.puerto10,"One of the best, if not the best, game i have ever played. It was even more engageing than the witcher 3, for me at least, and its not even out yet!! im counting the days until the full release so i can play the complete game!!!"
,Recommended,435150,34912535,Posted: 12 September,all,Shikami,"This has my favorite turn-based fantasy combat system ever. If that isn't enough to sell you, it has a really deep, fleshed out world, excellent and deep interactions with the NPCs, LOCAL AND ONLINE CO-OP and just enough secrets and systems to keep you returning and replaying.10/10, seriously."
,Recommended,435150,34924562,Posted: 13 September,all,ProFez,True RPG :D
,Recommended,435150,35459431,Posted: 3 October,all,xace,"One of the best games I have ever played.Several bugs and lack of features make it fall just short of that #1 however.My main concerns are in multiplayer. You have to play as the hosts party characters and not your own. That means playing an archer with a level 2 bow, all stats in wits and other useless talents. There is also an endless amount of bugs with multiplayer. For example, if I am host and start a multiplayer and someone joins me as say The Red Prince and I save, restart whatever, that character then becomes bugged. Instead of reverting back to The Red Prince after that player leaves, he bears that persons name and is unable to be reset, or even dismissed. You normally can talk to npc's in your party and say you want to go your seperate ways and recruit another party member, nope. bugged.Another example is I use one of my npc's for dialect options since they have persuasion stats and my main is undead. Someone joined the game and took control of MY character and when I leveled up he butchered his stats and skills and those remained on my character after I kicked him and / or restarted the game.These things make multiplayer extremely frustrating and have forced me to start brand new games probably about 6 times now. I haven't even been able to get through act 1. I am very wary to play in multiplayer due to all these reasons and despite preferring multiplayer in it's theory am forced to play single player to avoid game breaking bugs like those i mentioned. I wish I could provide some feedback or get some kind of bug fix on this bug I don't see an option for that. Thankfully the developer is very involved in the game and will probably fix this at some point. I am now hoping that a user created mod will fix many of these issues in the future (thank god this game has mods)Despite all my frustrations this game is absolutely incredible in every other aspect. Everything is voiced, every npc which is amazing. Graphics are good (not great) especially for this type of game. Quests are actually fun and not all fetch they actually have lore. There is an absolute freedom: you can kill every npc and still proceed with the game. The gameplay is some of the best ever. This genre has been ruined in the past decade with games like the Final Fantasy series dropping the traditional turn-based combat for an active combat. Yeah, thats nice in some circumstances but it is extremely boring hacking and slashing repetitively just like every other game. The combat in D:OS2 is calculated, and detailed. Everything is listed and heavily focused on strategy and statuses. The game encourages using environments such as high ground and environmentals like barrels and puddles in order to gain favor in battle.The best part of the game is the fact it's challenging. The default difficulty will probably be too hard for average gamers and those not familiar with the genre or the first game. There are two higher difficulties on top of that which are extremely challenging (I normally play on the highest difficulty in every other game) The next best thing would be that the developers aren't EA, Ubisoft, Activision, etc and force paywalls on an incomplete game and don't support the game after launch. This dev actually cares and I have personally downloaded atleast one patch per day and they have already stated that they are going to implement being able to use your own character in multiplayer which is something I look forward to. Can't wait to see what's next for this game."
,Recommended,435150,35396048,Posted: 1 October,all,Goatimus Prime,"I dont even like turn based RPGs, now I'm 20 hours in and the depth in this game is unreal. Choices matter, your attitude matters, EVERYTHING MATTERS :-OStory and characters are top tier, and all the NPCs are voice acted. Combat is seriously fun, and allows you to improvise. No cut and dry rpg fighting. Throw some oil on your enemies and light them on fire, make it rain then freeze all your enemies in place.  Don't get discouraged by reading some of the reviews saying this game is super complicated. It just requires you to learn the game, and it doesnt hold your hand which is rare in games these days.Buy this game, NOW"
76561197961014932,Recommended,435150,34222757,Posted: 13 August,all,Big Olaf,"The game's combat mechanics are as awesome as the first Divinity was. I played the game with one character to the end of the first Act and all of the fights were very challenging and entertaining. The only complaint I have at this point is the crafting system, which still seems very cryptic. I presume it will be improved for the final release, but as it stands, I was only able to craft some arrows and potions. The recipes and books I found were all restricted to arrows, potions, and some cooking stuff (the cooking stuff seemed pretty useless up to now).Apart from that, the game looks and plays beautifully. The history is pretty interesting as well and keeps you immersed and hooked for what's coming next. I actually felt a bit sad after beating Act 1 because I want to play the rest of the game so bad, but I know I'll have to wait at least a month until it gets released.In conclusion, if you played DOS1, you have to play this game. If you're new to the series and enjoy very well designed turn-based RPGs, with challenging fights and a myriad of different skills and spell combinations to choose from, then you also have to play it."
76561198054865888,Recommended,435150,35255996,Posted: 27 September,all,DKgaren,oh my god..they have done it again ...i can't stop playing
76561198019096097,Recommended,435150,34659447,Posted: 1 September,all,Doc Cross,DnD style in video game format done very well. Hit the nail on the head with this one.
76561197970323254,Recommended,435150,34961223,Posted: 14 September,all,Fapmaster 5000,"Just a couple of hours in, but this is already a massive polishing improvement over D:OS.The combat has increased in depth, the plotting has tightened, and both pacing and balance have been tremendously refined.  Yet, still, the game is Divinity, with all its gloriously quirky systems, waiting to be leveraged.And, best of all, the writing got an editor!"
,Recommended,435150,35476363,Posted: 4 October,all,Arctrum,"I haven't been able to put this game down since I purchased it.  Think Baulders Gate with better combat, and a TRUE open world experience.  The game is fully voice acted which is amazing. The combat is interesting and keeps you on your toes.  It's difficult, but fair.All around, it's a 10/10 game if you are into table top RPGs.  Might not be for everyone, but it's a blessing for fans of this genre. And at $45, it's an incredible value."
76561198030574635,Recommended,435150,35209067,Posted: 25 September,all,#1SexPistol,"Everytime i play this game, i get high. Not high off a synthetic  drug or Jesus, but off of the perfection of this game and the rewards it throws at you. I was a huge fan of Dragon Age: Origins and sunk hundreds of hours into that game. I loved the choices, tacitcal combat, companions, and quest for loot. This game makes DA:O look like amateurs put it together. This scratches a 10 year itch that bioware has not been able to fufill.This game respects your time and energy. There is never a dull moment, and the game rewards exploration. Every nook and cranny of the game world has something exciting to see or get. Another adventure awaits over the horizon. Another choice that effects the game world is there for you to make. You are just not some passive observer into the story, you make the story.I can't believe the amount of skills that you are able to learn in this game and how tactical the combat is. The game actually respects you as a thinking person, and not some pleb that needs their hand held at every turn. This actually brings choices to combat. Do i engage with this person? Do i try to talk through it because i might get destroyed? Is there an alternate path that i could take?I love this game. This is the best RPG that i have ever played. I can't thank larian enough for making this game and setting it to 45 dollars. That Larian could make a game for 45, and not have any microtransactions in it should embarass the EA's and 2K's. This stuido should be cherished and supported for what they have delivered here. Thank you for developinbg this and respecting the consumer."
76561198010748161,Recommended,435150,35239009,Posted: 27 September,all,Vinny Vally,"Awesome!So me and 3 of my mates are playing the campaign together - Each of us for the first time so it's all fresh and fun!Last night we were attacking a group on a balcony which drew aggro from 3 below - There were 2 stairways up to us, one directly and one that went ALL the way around the balcony.Within a turn or two, two of the guys at the bottom start running up to us. On the close stairway I cast rain and lightning it, stunning the two. After the lightning effect wears off, I oiled a portion of the area and slowed them down. During this time, we finish of most of the enemies up high. The third guy however walked in circles at the bottom seemingly ignoring us...After a turn or two more, the 2 guys on the stairs reached myself so I teleported one of them back to the bottom to give us some extra time. When I did this, the third guy STILL at the bottom decided to ATTACK his own TEAMMATE to heal himself!! He was on full health!! He just attacked poor Timothy for no reason hahaha!!Sooooo, a few turns later, the second guy had run back up the stairs and we'd dealt with him and all the others. Just the third guy remaining... He, who obviously wanted no part in this fight, had decided to, for whatever reason, to go up the other stairs and ALLLLLLLL the way around...So, we decided to set a plan of ambush - Because at this point we were all laughing and just mocking this particular guy anyway - So we all gathered on the balcony that the path led to just around a corner, except for our support guy who stood right at the back of the path.. I set a layer of ice, and some oil, and then we just skipped turns for him to run to us.Finally, one turn away, JUST around this corner we could see him. I froze the poor guy, and someone else warmed him up just to toy with him. We were all laughing given how long it took for him to get there... HIS TURN!! FINALLY!! We figured we'd let him hit just one of us just because.. But no!! What's this?? He's run past me... And my friend... And another... And then past 2 minions... Where's he going?!?! hahahaha. He ran directly at the support guy but ran out of AP and just stood next to him thinking for a while, then passed his go! Hahahaha!! He'd just about made it around the entire balcony when we finally killed him..God damn that was funny!! Cannot wait till we're all online tonight :DBasically the same game as the first but with improvements in skills, choices, graphics, etc. Highly recommended!"
76561197984941541,Recommended,435150,32377582,Posted: 12 June,all,Cheap Charlie,"Well, I've already played 96 hours.  I can't wait for the release."
,Recommended,435150,35499899,Posted: 5 October,all,Godgeon,One of the best RPG'S out there.
76561198061572562,Recommended,435150,35498920,Posted: 5 October,all,Scumbag,"Didn't play the first one and I get what's happening in the story so don't let that throw you off of this game! I don't even particularly enjoy turn based strategy games but this one is loads of fun. I can't stop playing it. The soundtrack is top notch the detail is amazing, I highly recommend this game to people looking for a challenge!"
76561198107661265,Recommended,435150,35087792,Posted: 20 September,all,Aurell Faux,"I have to say that this is a great game. As far as strat rpg games go, the gamplay is fun and interactive, very fluid. The story is great, dark, gritty and verry enthralling. The quality of the voice acting is really good, and the characters are very fun to have in the party/interact with. I would say its a must buy for any rpg lover."
,Recommended,435150,35506285,Posted: 5 October,all,Gonan,20 hour in... Oh wait that was the tutorial island?
,Recommended,435150,27894816,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,karms,"Divinity: Original Sin was one of the greatest co-op multiplayer RPGs on the market.  With the release of its sequel, Larian Studios has stepped up their game by adding the most-used community mods from the original game into the sequel (4-player co-op, free camera turning, etc) to have the game ready to go for grueling hours of tough combat and tactical conversation decision making.Played on lower difficulty settings, the game promises an engaging story that will allow players to actually decide how to work their way through said story rather than simply feeling like you're on a roller coaster.  Playing on a higher difficulty offers those same options, but often at an extreme cost; for example, you wanna run around stealing everything from everyone?  Be ready to fight off an entire town (and likely die miserably in a pool of your own frozen, electrified blood).If you're a fan of classic, co-op, turn based RPGs, get on board.  The Divinity: Original Sin titles offer you that ride you've been looking for."
76561198133337597,Recommended,435150,28464445,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mantl3 - Issa Knife,I agree with all of the positive comments and I just wanted to give it a positive review so here I am.
,Recommended,435150,32830152,Posted: 26 June,all,[BUNY] Bocaj,">Started a multiplayer game, maybe peeps will join.>Found more characters on the beach, add to party.>ALL THE LOOT. Guess I'll share some with the party.>10 hours of skillpoint/inventory management later..>Player Joined! ...... (takes over one of the party members)>Fast>Esc>Menu>ConnectOption>NONE>KICKPLAYER>MINE MINE MINE ALL MINE MINE CAN'T HAVE MINE!"
,Recommended,435150,25621025,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Denm,"This is such a great ""early access"" I was suprised at the complexity of the game but it felt very at home with how the ""divitnity: Original Sin"" game played. I feel as this game comes out of early access and into the main stream it will be very impressive. I am stuck trying to find the exact strategy i want to playthrough in this game but overall my experience has been a really good one!Only critisism i can even make ( and it isnt a big one) is that the game feels much harder than it is. I felt almost overwhelmed at the amount i could do at first and it took, reading and comprehending skills to adjust to it. I love games that are like this."
,Recommended,435150,28199267,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Spibro,"Divinity is like a hallway filled with paintings, top to bottom, lining the walls in gorgous detail. Occasionally a wall slams down infront of you, barring your progress, shocked and confused by a door slamming in your face, you look around and focus on the paintings abit more. After a while the door opens and you continue down the hallway. At the next area, a door slams down, knowing you have to wait a while, you continue to admire the paintings, you notice the detail and the love poured into them. At the next couple of doors, and many more paintings. You gain an understanding and appreciate the doors, giving you the chance to admire the paintings.tl:dr, give it a shot, play on explorer, lovingly made by devs and well reciprocated by community."
76561198079359973,Recommended,435150,34873692,Posted: 10 September,all,MrNevada117,"I love this game, although I feel that the Rogue is favored a bit too much in this. But, overall, I love this game. First Act is finished, and I will be running through it when it comes out when it is fully voiced in all of it's divine glory!!!"
76561198021831802,Recommended,435150,34972768,Posted: 15 September,all,Wizeguy,"I like my games like I like my women:Beautiful to look at, yet full of charm and wit and with great depth and a fair amount of challenge.Divinity: Original Sin 2 has all these qualities.Oh, and you can wear a bucket over your head as a helmet and have conversations with dogs.10/10"
76561197975473901,Recommended,435150,34830731,Posted: 8 September,all,Cheat,Loved Original Sin 1 and loving 2!
76561197967290429,Recommended,435150,25860781,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Art,Finally hit launch and is everything I could have hoped for and more. If you want an in depth D&D style RPG that does not hold your hand. All while providing an excellent store/lore and an AMAZING soundtrack?
76561198046213122,Recommended,435150,25532482,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,American Infidel,I've never really into turn based rpg's however this game took it to a new level that I actually really enjoy. The game is very open and leaves you to make both great and horrible decisions as it doesnt seem to constrict you and follow a specific liniar path. Simply by speaking to the same NPC with a different character changes the outcome of situations entirely. The camera takes some getting used to but the puzzles and figuring things out overall provides a decent challenge. I'd say if you're a fan of RPG's or have a few friends to play with this is a good buy. 8.5/10
,Recommended,435150,25535068,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Deo Favente,I didnt have the joy of playing the first installment of this but I had heard good things about the game and also heard that this one would come to early access.After looking into the amount of work the developers had put into the game I decided to pick it up on release and try it for myself.I am loving this game. The combat is incredible and the amount of depth with the entire experiance is unmatched.I look forward to seeing where they take this game in the next year but at the moment the fondation is already so strong.
76561198067577860,Recommended,435150,25535877,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Hahafunnyman,"So far so good, I just finished the first part of the game I guess. I dont know when more will come out. it took me awhile and that last fight at the end was majorly annoying. I had to use about 6 rez spells. I did all the quests and got my guys to lvl 8 or so. Can't wait until the rest of the game comes out."
,Recommended,435150,25518965,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nechronome,"Runs as great as the enhance edition does. Also some improvements, and the 4 players coop its an awesome idea. Awesome game!!! i hope it gets a lot of updates and a lot of new content."
,Recommended,435150,32756070,Posted: 24 June,all,Carfunkle,"This is the kind of game where you don't play for just 1 hour.  You open up some cold ones with the boys, you play for 4 hours, and you just don't care because you are having so much fun.  If you love RPGs and need something to play with your friends, get this game.  While the price is a little steep,  this game is a must buy in my opinion."
76561198236621146,Recommended,435150,34759427,Posted: 5 September,all,Niko,Downloaded pirate version.Finish Act 1.Felt guilty.Bought game!Amazing game!
,Recommended,435150,25613133,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Araganor,"There are no voices, and many features are still being implemented. Don't get me wrong, there is plenty to see and do, but I wouldn't recommend purchasing yet if you are expecting a fully fleshed-out experience like Divinity: Original Sin.  However, if you are just too excited to wait for the final release, and want to throw your money at them like me, then this is a great sneak peek for what's in store!"
,Recommended,435150,34822995,Posted: 8 September,all,Potshotz,"I actually don't like these type of games, especially because combat is taking turns. But it's a beautiful game and very well made so i can't leave a negative review."
76561198273448131,Recommended,435150,34885938,Posted: 11 September,all,SageTheCrimsonFucker,"I think I have found a competitor for skyrim that battles to be my hearts most favorite game, and this is only the early access version of it."
76561198355354060,Recommended,435150,35033840,Posted: 17 September,all,Buddy Jarrett,"Four hours in, I met a very good boy and gave him a belly rub. Regardless of the rest of the game's quality, good boy belly rub warrants 10/10, would pet again."
76561198054356816,Recommended,435150,34513554,Posted: 26 August,all,Freshmaker,Yes
,Recommended,435150,35018968,Posted: 17 September,all,Crepo ™,In a little less than 10 hours I have :Had my arm licked by an elfBeen talked down to by a very rude crabHealed myself by absorbing the pool of blood resulting from the explosion of a reanimatted corpseLooted the secret chest of an awfull kid who did not want to play with me10/10 Best D&D session I've had
,Recommended,435150,34759543,Posted: 5 September,all,LaserLama,"Rub the dog's belly to receive a key. Feed this dead man's head to the elf, to gain new knowledge. Help the burning pig. 10 Booply Bears out of 10. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,435150,34674979,Posted: 1 September,all,Eathren,I haven't wanted to punch a hole through my screen like this since Knights of the Old Republic 1 & 2. Very well done.
,Recommended,435150,34561373,Posted: 28 August,all,Strifer,"I can't recomend enough this game.If you are even remotely a fan of turn based RPGs, you are definitely going to enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,435150,35135576,Posted: 22 September,all,Rusky,A true masterpiece. This game is better than any AAA title from a major studio in many years.
,Recommended,435150,35000607,Posted: 16 September,all,Kotaro,goty of the year
,Recommended,435150,34987520,Posted: 15 September,all,DemoDisk,"if you like turn based RPG, just buy it, dont think twice, you wont regret and will love it."
,Recommended,435150,34962637,Posted: 14 September,all,Super Lemon Haze,"If you like RPGs at all I think you owe it to yourself to play this game. The world is filled with story and lore, lots of hidden things to keep you entertained. Plenty of fun and unique dialog that you'll find yourself wanting to experience and not just skip. In some ways the open ended nature of the game and the fact that it's totally willing to let you kill yourself as many times as it takes to teach you something reminds me of D&D. You're given tools and problems and set free to solve them and move through the story organically. The combat is turn based, deep and tactical.You'll find yourself creating strategic synergies with your team and relish the creative ways you can defeat your enemies (funny deaths with teleport alone could keep me occupied for hours).  That said the game will punish you if you rush in with reckless abandon rather than carefull engaging. I recommend saving often :)The game is a blast co-op if you don't mind waiting for your friends to take their turns, controller support is top notch, the  graphics are beautiful but not at all taxing for mid grade machines. This is a game crafted with a lot of care and polish and it deserves your time."
,Recommended,435150,35198546,Posted: 25 September,all,✪ Dav1d.mulchd,9.5/10 in my books. Took me away from Cs:go and PUBG for a while. Divinity: Original Sin 2 is storytelling at it's finest. And brought back nostalgia and love for video gaming for me personally. Wow. Buy this if you have any desire to be pulled in like The Witcher 3 did recently.  10 hours in and I can say the remainder of 3 day weekend will be spent in this baby oh baby stylish jigger chicken baby OH BABY
,Recommended,435150,35054735,Posted: 18 September,all,Reason√,"Get your ♥♥♥♥ing life together and buy this game YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ANIMAL. BUY IT NOW. STOP READING YOU BARBARIC LEAF EATING ♥♥♥♥♥ AND BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING!? GO THE ♥♥♥♥ TO THE BUY BUTTON, DOWNLAOD THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. ♥♥♥♥"
76561198024299389,Recommended,435150,35138058,Posted: 22 September,all,RetroRebus,17 hours in and still captivated on Tutorial Island.GOTY.
,Recommended,435150,34978506,Posted: 15 September,all,Kim Jong Win,"I usually hate and loathe isometric rpg games, but this is probably the best rpg game I've ever played. My problems with other isometric rpg are the inventory system and mundane turn based fighting, but divinity original sin 2 presents itself with intuitive UI and every battle is pretty fun with the use of elements and positioning.As for the story, I'm completely hooked; there's so many ways to finish each quests, and side quests are not grindy and boring for once. As for NPC, unlike in skyrim or other rpg games, you can kill them. Well, save one or two you shouldn't kill, but I don't think there are any npc with essential tags (from skyrim and fallout).10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34970069,Posted: 15 September,all,Pablo Meier,I wanna eat it
76561198187815943,Recommended,435150,34980914,Posted: 15 September,all,Mod-It Max,"The game is fantastic! I haven't been this hyped for a WRPG in ages. I actually wasn't even fully interested in this game at first, since I had bought but never touched the first game. After giving that one a go, I was impressed and started looking into it's sequel, and man I have just been blown away. It really has everything you could want. And if it doesn't, there will be a mod for it (or you could make one yourself, with the new MUCH improved toolset).The thing that makes me the most happy with D:OS2 is that the modding tools for this game are SO MUCH BETTER than the first game's tools! I am just blown away and want Larian to know that they did such a damn good job and exceeded my expectations. Especially with the ease of use and accessibility.I could never get into Skyrim or Dragon Age Origins modding because the worlds were too muddy/gritty and unappealing. Sure the games were a lot of fun to play, but what I really wanted was a modern game with an art style like the good 'ol D&D PC games, such as Baldur's Gate 2 and Neverwinter Nights 2.This is exactly what I wanted. The art is fantastic. The gameplay is deep and tactical. The writing is superb. The music is as great as the first. The world is huge. It even has controller support with a great HUD! It's Fully voiced, and voiced very well. It has replayability that will keep you playing this for years to come. It scratches that old D&D CRPG itch without being held back by the D&D ruleset. There are also far more interesting elemental combinations to experiement with this time around during both in combat, and in the world.The first Original Sin game was a great game, too, but I didn't like a lot of the character models and the mod tools were somewhat limited. This one improves on that in every way.$44.99 is a STEAL for a game with this much content, modability, and depth. It even beats Pillars and Tyranny. Especially since modding those games is almost nonexistent outside of simple mods through reverse engineering."
76561197982699495,Recommended,435150,34997129,Posted: 16 September,all,Dim Twiddler,100000000000/10
,Recommended,435150,35021192,Posted: 17 September,all,uncleistvan,Game of the Year
76561198122190262,Recommended,435150,25695041,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,leozhu,"China has a large crowd who's willing to pay for such a fantastic turn-based RPG, so please include chinese into the supported languages. Please..."
,Recommended,435150,34625088,Posted: 30 August,all,Beenzgoof,"I don't normally write reviews, but when i do it's because a game like this came out. I don't know what is being held for me past act 1. But the fact that i didn't know what to do, and whatever i did worked.. was amazing. No one told me who the guys on the map were.. and i hate reading.. so i killed them all, one by one. And it somehow still worked out. 11 / 10"
,Recommended,435150,35000524,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutonium[BLR],"6 hours to create a character, complete tutorial, build a gang, to win a couple of battles and no completed quests. Game of the year."
76561198041940718,Recommended,435150,28606381,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vino,"If you liked the first, you'll love this. Even in Early Access, I've put in about 20 hours into this even though there's only the first chapter. Everything about the first game is back, and improved upon. I can't wait for this to fully release so I can explore the rest of this world. Can't recommend enough!"
,Recommended,435150,35168217,Posted: 23 September,all,slak| Hunor,Bought this game on a whim having never played the first one. This game kind of gave me a vibe similar to a french turn based MMO called Dofus.Pleasantly suprised and completely enthralled. If it keeps up like this it's going to be my GOAT.Fort joy is better than all of Skrim.11/10 Would get cave herpes again.
,Recommended,435150,35168195,Posted: 23 September,all,Ah Pook,"Have you been waiting for a great RPG?here it isget it on sale or buy it full price, easily worth it."
,Recommended,435150,34996359,Posted: 16 September,all,Jae eun,"♥♥♥♥♥has choices matter, retro rpg feels, great graphics, great story, great gameplay, bunch of other gay♥♥♥♥♥♥ what more could you ask?"
,Recommended,435150,35215229,Posted: 25 September,all,Schmeat Boy,"its good, you should probably get it"
76561198052021648,Recommended,435150,25526689,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,christopher.weekes,"Wow! This game is awesome. If you liked the first one, this one is even better...It really takes me back to playing Baldur's Gate in the 90's. It's better than that though. It's like they have taken everything that made those games great and perfected it.The graphics are superb. The story is better this time around in the sequel as wellI give 10/10"
76561198005520518,Recommended,435150,35137277,Posted: 22 September,all,IXau,"I am 229 years old, wish games were like this when I was 2. Best game, I like the ponies!"
,Recommended,435150,35022245,Posted: 17 September,all,Which Doctor,YOU CAN PLAY AS A SKELETON WITH A MUSTACHE!!
,Recommended,435150,35075686,Posted: 19 September,all,Blunder Sunder,"Deep, tactical, rich gameplay in a wonderfully crafted, beautiful, well written world. Memorable characters with good dialogue and voice acting, and a variety of build options.A spceial mention goes out to the UI as well, which is not only clear and concise but works as well on a big screen as it does on a monitor without even needing to scale anything."
76561198074649069,Recommended,435150,34959110,Posted: 14 September,all,Imortalkila,All my companions died in the beginning so now I just wander the world on my own slaughtering everyone in the hopes of some sick twisted redemption.
,Recommended,435150,34577405,Posted: 29 August,all,BLCK SOUL,"What a time to be alive!!! 14th of  September... Soon!!! 10/10, 100/100, 1000 burning asses/1000 burning asses!!!"
76561198040153898,Recommended,435150,35311442,Posted: 29 September,all,Deylendor,"In times where companies like Bethesda fell to their lowest low .. There is still some shimmering light for gaming.  Divinity : Original Sin 2 is a godsend in the pool of corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t we had to deal in the past years.if you liked Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights 1&2 or Pillar's of Eternity.. you will feel proud owning and playing this even when spending its asked full price."
76561198055302651,Recommended,435150,34864064,Posted: 10 September,all,Rocket Man,This is an amazing game!10/10 Will likely accidentaly set myself on fire again
76561198109565005,Recommended,435150,35022312,Posted: 17 September,all,simshady,Best game I've played in a while. Great strategy and depth. Lots of replayability. 10/10.
76561198010253706,Recommended,435150,35021212,Posted: 17 September,all,Lea Maggot,Everything's perfect.
,Recommended,435150,34960778,Posted: 14 September,all,Triumph,"At least as good as the first one so far. More potential for created characters with the ability to become an undead member of each race, plus varied premade characters with their own unique stories to experience if you choose to play as them. you can also have them as companions. A D&D mode exists within the game, and if you watch the videos showcasing it, you can see the GM mode literally turns the game into a digital version of D&D. The dm even controls the creatures., and can set up rolls for anything. It's baked into the game in that mode. There is also co-op, I think up to 4 players, for the regular story mode. There is a story-focused easier mode for people wanting to experience the story, a standard mode for balanced challenge and a tactical mode that forces you to take advantage of the combat and environmental system to the best of your ability. it will be using the workshop, and people can make their own quests and mods for it once that's ready. It also comes ultrawide friendly, like the first game. Currently one of the best modern rpg series there is. If you also liked pillars, this one is even better."
,Recommended,435150,35415913,Posted: 2 October,all,VonKarma,Can talk to dogs. 12/10 game of the year.
,Recommended,435150,34943982,Posted: 14 September,all,The Punisher,Super fun stuff.
,Recommended,435150,35240307,Posted: 27 September,all,ZzzH8m3LVm3BBygurl,"Game that tops the oh so beloved by world Witcher 3, hands down. I've been planing on postponing writing this review to the moment when I complete the game whole, but after realizing I got a pretty strong grasp on it, I figured there's no point in waiting and the time has come to add my own brick to the game pras wall.If you feel disappointed by RPG games praised by the reviewers and gaming community lately (namely The Witcher 3 or latest Fallout installment) you should give this game a go - with captivating story, interesting characters, dynamic and tactical combat, and character development that actually feels rewarding and meaningful it reaches out for the title of turn-based RPG game of the dacade.I've bought the game on official release, not having played the early access before, only the predecessor. And I got immediately sank in the world of Rivellon - realizing that I pumped as much as 40 hours in marely 10 days.Thanks to the compelling gameplay, you get sticked to the screen, not wanting to leave - promising yourself every half an hour, that you only gonna get that last quest completed, that last cave explored, that last bad guy butchered. There aren't any meaningless quotation marks on your maps, which give you mundane quests of the ""here's the key, use it to open that chest 10 meters from you, to get your dull loot"" likes (*cough* I'm lookin at you, witcher*cough*), every character feels purposeful or interesting at least, with witty, funny and FULLY VOICED dialogues of highest quality, every location hides its secrets, leading you towards surprising outcomes, interconnected areas and such - simply exploring the world with no handholding and silly marks never felt so rewarding and enjoyable, holy heck.Combat system really adds to it, with its fresh approach to the encounters - not only will you need to pay attention to the health bars, but also to the environment, as most spells will interact not only with another spells, but also with the puddles on the ground, the mist in the air, the fire eating your enemies' bodies. The fights are so satisfactional! If you are seasoned player, or turn-based RPGs veteran I definitely suggest you start your first blind new game on tactical difficulty - it's actually dificult, but also greatly amusing.The story and quests are really good, a noticable jump forward since the first game. Not only NPCs you meet on your road, but also so-called ""origins"" characters are interesting. Each with his own story and mission to fulfill in the world of Rivellon - you really start to like your companions and grow bonds with them.But not only your mates are accompanying you - there's a great soundtrack in this game, which breaths a captial ""A"" into your Adventures. New composer did an excellent job with creating the OST. He didn't fill the boots after Kirill Pokrovsky - and oh, we should not want him to! - he made something with his own vision, and may he be praised for this, as he did an amazing job on it.Last, but not least - the game offers you a multiplayer experience with up to 4 players - while not necessary to experience the storry whole, it really adds a pinch of spice to the game. With its diverse combat you will definitely have a great deal of fun with your friends - so if there's an option, I highly recommend going for it.For a word of closing this review - big shoutout to Larian, for delivering one of a kind game, and satisfying not only kickstarter backers needs, but also these of people who didn't track the game development process at all - and concurrent players counter is a prime example of that. Kudos!"
,Recommended,435150,34973461,Posted: 15 September,all,XO,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,435150,35114761,Posted: 21 September,all,Damuel,"Edit: I want to add something on in this review. The game currently is VERY buggy. The first act is mostly fine, but I'd say maybe 10% of act 2 gave me issues with quests not completing in the journal, dialogue breaking, and a few quest items being lost making progression impossible. If you're not currently super eager to play this, I'd suggest waiting a bit. The game is mostly fine but these moments are pretty frustrating. I've also had a handful of dialogue not play, I'm not sure if that's a bug or they didn't finish all the voicework.This game is incredible. I was a big Obsidian fan before, but this puts Tyranny and PoE to shame. I'm seriously impressed. The original Divinity OS was an average game, I liked the combat and being able to co-op but the story just wasn't interesting.Here the characters are all interesting with an overall very good voice cast and tons and tons of dialoge options. I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE all the dialogue choices. And it's awesome how every other NPC seems to be able to respond to something about your character. Maybe you gave your main character a nobel birth, maybe he was a soldier, or maybe he's an undead lizard man. There's so many different ways for characters to respond that I'm seriously impressed by this studio. This game makes Bethesda look incompetent.The combat is very fun but also incredibly difficult and requires a lot of pre-planning on harder difficulty settings. And to top it all off there's co-op! Co-op in open world RPGs is something that people have been asking for for years now. I'll update this reccomendation if things further along the game begin to suck, but so far I'm loving it. It's one of my favorite RPGs in years."
,Recommended,435150,35055246,Posted: 18 September,all,FuscusNight,"Game is outstanding, if you love RPGs and don't mind turn based combat from an isometric view then getting Original Sin 2 is a must. It offers so much fun roleplaying potentinal and freedom of approach to quests and choices in the game that many modern rpgs today completely lack, the amount of content is staggering and replay value is immense, combined with the fact you can play with a full party of friends online makes the value of this game even better.The game came out as a surprise for me, didn't even know a sequel was being made for the first original sin [which i did not play but had interest in picking it up in the past] and i gotta say Divinity : Original Sin 2 is easilly one of my favorite games this year and the best rpg of this year already.Do note, difficulty can at times be kinda unforgiving in the game, don't be ashemed to lower it to explorer if you find yourself never able to progress. Granted, sticking to classic difficult offers the great feeling of winning some really difficult fights so I'd advise trying to stick to classic as best as you can as its more rewarding, once you get the better hang of the game's core gameplay roles and its meta you'll find it's not that hard as it might've seemed first at the start.There's also a very robust Game Master mode, where you can create your own custom stories [ala pen and paper Dungeons And Dragons] and then play it with other people as you controll everything that's going on in the game world.Any problems ? Buged quests! They fixed a few with an early patch in ACT 1 but now in ACT 2 near the end i'm stuck with 4 buged quests and it's rather annoying, for an example my quest is to get X's head and deliver it to Y, i do so and the Y takes the head but i get no XP,completion update in the quest log and no reward.  Sometimes a quest is completed but the log just bugs out, which is the best case scenarios in a bugy quest, worst case being when you don't get anything. It's only major main problem the game has atm. other minor issues are, long load times after ACT 1 even on a SSD and annoying stuttering here and there in open world areas when moving arond.At the end even with the bugs i still wholeheartedly recommend the game because it's so damn good, easilly the best rpg of 2017 and possibly my personal goty for 2017."
76561198030339779,Recommended,435150,26080684,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zekklimaboo,"I did not play the original, so I went into this with a very open mind.This game blew me away, it is everything that I want from an RPG.I finished the game (act 1) after 15 hours (I have since played it online with people and beaten it again solo :p ) and felt like ""wow, that was a fantastic game!"" I then went to the steam store again to read some reviews and found out its only in Alpha and I was no where near actually done the game! So looking forward to the full release! :pPros:Highly customizable characters (traits, skills, interactions, etc)No hand holding directionsMultiple ways to get the end resultItem variability is awesomeSo many hours of funBattles are fun, turn based, love the elements interacting with each otherOnline with friends, can role play similar to in D&Dman, I can keep writing more, so I will stop as the list seems long alreadyCons:Still some glitches (can get stuck if playing dwarf in one of the mazes)No hand holding directions (also in pro list, but I can see some people getting frustrated)Not balanced (yet)Limited Visual character customization (but its alpha!)music is a little repetitiveSo, my pro/con list might be a little biased as I felt the game was an absolute blast...Any ways, just try it out! Its awesome!"
,Recommended,435150,27701644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rety,I picked up someone's soiled panties after killing him. 100/10
76561198144045692,Recommended,435150,34978924,Posted: 15 September,all,Nudle,Bulls can tell the future 10/10
76561198247612158,Recommended,435150,35116969,Posted: 21 September,all,MacMillan,"good game, you earned my like"
76561198019304883,Recommended,435150,35248565,Posted: 27 September,all,Acid,"I'm not even sure if I should call my gf this weekend. I'm sick guys, I got the crave... the kind you get when, as a gamer, you can't stop playing for days on end. The game is that good!"
,Recommended,435150,35211124,Posted: 25 September,all,999,"Arx is a huge disappointment but the rest are solid, 7/10."
,Recommended,435150,26208011,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Deisic,"so fn good, just get it and play it. I think its best played with friends."
76561198049652406,Recommended,435150,29254464,Posted: 14 January,all,samlovemetal,Died 4 times in tutorial fight. Wiped away my tears and played through pure stubborness. Its actually really good.
,Recommended,435150,27474083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ik.,"As an alpha it's really good and fun to play, short, but any minute is worth it"
76561198043194123,Recommended,435150,35142335,Posted: 22 September,all,Firestorm183,"Never before has a game made me try so hard to save a certain black cats life, 10/10 would go on a revenge killing spree again"
76561198080325603,Recommended,435150,34987708,Posted: 15 September,all,PainkillerParfum,"Played this about 7 months ago in early access. The full release is well polished and looks and plays great. If you're a fan of the first game, then don't hesitate to get this."
76561198038148209,Recommended,435150,34665104,Posted: 1 September,all,Ice Ghost,Just buy it! Definitely worth your money in todays economy of overpriced garbage games. Larian Studios has given us a gem of a game and a breath of fresh air that the gaming community needs so desperately.
76561197961413172,Recommended,435150,34984551,Posted: 15 September,all,joshmon,Excellent so far :)
76561198033187442,Recommended,435150,34681384,Posted: 2 September,all,N1,"I am a Chinese player, so what I want to say is ""Chinese Please!""，we love this game!"
,Recommended,435150,35249826,Posted: 27 September,all,Sytherlyn,MASTERPIECE
76561198048848795,Recommended,435150,35459548,Posted: 3 October,all,Kellen____,"I didn't like turn-based combat games, until now.The level of freedom was uncomfortable at first. After you get through the first area and get familiar with the basic mechanics, it kind of just drops you into the world without much direction. It's up to you to decide who you want to talk to, what you want to do, and how you want to tackle situations.The dialogue options cover a wide enough spectrum for me to say/respond how I feel I would. The world building is like nothing I've ever seen. This is a living and breathing world.I've been playing through with a friend for one of my playthroughs and it's been an absolute blast. I have a solo game I'm playing and I can't believe the amount of stuff that you can miss just by walking by.It's easy to miss plenty of the story and you have to be okay with that. If you make a decision, it's likely that you're closing a door on a different possible solution/outcome. It's also very easy to walk by entire storylines. The world and the stories that lie within are really just massive.Quick breakdown:Graphics: Gorgeous. Models, textures, lighting, and particle effects are spot on and fit the tone of the game. Fun, fantasy, serious, but also a good amount of humor. Somehow, the graphics fit all of those. The areas are different and very distinct from each other.Gameplay: Really good progression. You start with almost nothing and you're regularly rewarded with better and better gear. Talk to NPCs, make decisions, learn about the world and the people in it, fight, and discover.Sound: The voice acting is excellent. It's pretty easy to mess up voice acting, and it's difficult to get it right (trust me, I know). Somehow, this tiny studio nailed the voices of all NPCs and main characters. The music is very memorable and enjoyable.Fun: The game is incredibly immersive. A game being able to suck me into it and forget the world around me plays a lot into how much I like it, and this game really draws me in. Also, there's a game maker mode for you to make your own campaigns that people can run through. That alone is pretty excellent.All in all, I'm really impressed by this game. I didn't like turn-based combat before going in, but I heard the story was great and the game looked good otherwise, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm glad I did, because a whole new genre of games is open to me now. The price point is more than fair. Buy this game, support good developers."
,Recommended,435150,34689236,Posted: 2 September,all,bread.snake,I like games with attention to detail. So naturally my #1 game is The Witcher 3. My #2 is Divinity Original Sin. I don't know how they did it but they are topping the original Original Sin.
76561198090205151,Recommended,435150,34955840,Posted: 14 September,all,Punkinpig,"Excellent game, made with love."
76561198016327677,Recommended,435150,34227349,Posted: 13 August,all,Benediction,"I've barely played the game and I'm already utterly in love. The atmospheric improvement from the first Original Sin and the improvement in writing is immense. Can't wait to continue in the game and hopefully I'll be able to hold on to my patience for the real release.Update: I finished the first act of the game which is what they offer in this early access mode. I'd easily rate it a 9/10. It was incredibly immersive, challenging, fun, and rewarding. I still hold that it's a ridiculously huge improvement over the first game thus far.I love the re-worked battle system. Abilities cost significantly less AP (1-3) but you get less AP in a turn. Armor gives you physical armor and magic armor which protect from damage and status effects alike, and you have to whittle down the armor before you can apply status effects or do much damage. Combat felt fluid and well paced, although there was one boss fight that dragged on forever as I watched the AI enemies do the same action over and over and over.The soundscapes, the atmosphere, the writing, the experience of deep immersion was immensely satisfying.As opposed to Original Sin 1, I actually already feel deeply attached to my character and my party, and the storyline(s) that they are involved in. I was eager to see the progress, and I empathized with them as both good and bad things happened.The reworked dialogue system is excellent. No more clunky rock, paper, scissors game. Instead, you have many dialogue options to choose from - standard options in addition to ""tagged"" options. Whether you're a noble, a soldier, one of the origin characters, or many others, you'll get special options to communicate. A number of times I said what I thought would be the right thing to get into someone's heart, but I turned out to be wrong and they either attacked me, stopped talking to me, or some similarly upsetting thing happened.Persuasion is now simply a skill that you level up, and upon choosing a ""correct"" option in addition to a good persuasion skill, you'll be able to achieve certain things through dialogue.I found there were a couple immersion breaking experiences however, but I have a hunch these are issues that will be solved when the game comes out of early access. There are a number of skills that felt weird and out of balance, but I've read on forums that they're going to be fixed, so I won't even mention it here.TL;DR: GREAT GAME SO FAR!!! Will update again when it's been released..."
76561198309971746,Recommended,435150,35121774,Posted: 21 September,all,WickedVixen,This game is completely awesome. LARIAN THANKS YOU SOOO MUCH.
76561198105273441,Recommended,435150,34743235,Posted: 4 September,all,ryandang55,"Started game.Tried to kill the first guy I saw.Whole ship fought me and won.Died.Restarted,Stole everything I could carry.Sold it.Died to a cannibal.Realized I didn't save.Stole everything again.Killed cannibal.10 hours later I finished the first chapter.Made a new character and tried to fight the whole ship again.Died.Repeat 10 more times.Screamed in frustration and hate slept with a tinder girl.Tried to fight ship again.Died.Gave up on fighting the ship.Tried to break the game by killing essential NPCs.Stalled the story completely.Killed everyone and everything.Made a new character.20/10 would do all the mistakes again.I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE FULL GAME"
,Recommended,435150,35483023,Posted: 4 October,all,Peps,10/10 would kill elf partner with poison and fire again.
76561198076566439,Recommended,435150,35480616,Posted: 4 October,all,mvlbrotherg24,I normally don't make reviews. But I really think this game should be overwhelmingly positive!! So I'll just throw this in there.
,Recommended,435150,35483132,Posted: 4 October,all,TurtleMaster,"A masterpiece of a RPG, beautiful story with fun strategic combat, this game deserves all the praise it is getting."
,Recommended,435150,35480786,Posted: 4 October,all,Breadn't,"Actually one of the best RPGs ever made, my GOTY 2017"
,Recommended,435150,35148550,Posted: 23 September,all,Pipe,Just buy it already
,Recommended,435150,34993768,Posted: 16 September,all,karlsc2000,"I now have 34.9 more hours since they fully released it at 10:00 AM, on the 14th. It is now 6:00 AM on the 16th.It's like real good. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,435150,35147750,Posted: 23 September,all,CosmicOmega,Has a good amount of waifus in it.
,Recommended,435150,25593001,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,cll,Love role-playing? Check.Love turn-based tactical combat? Check.Love using mother nature to kill off villians? Check.Love clearing out the whole place with some random companions? Check.Love the concept of D:OS? Check.Want an even better version of D:OS? Check.Want to show the devs some support? Check.Then buy the game in full price even if it is in early access.10/10 will wipe everyone off the map again.
76561198010670142,Recommended,435150,35002046,Posted: 16 September,all,Salaam,Absolutely love this game!  The customization options in character creation makes the class-less system fantastic.
,Recommended,435150,35236877,Posted: 26 September,all,Valkirion,"spending around 73.6 hours with friends in honour mode when suddenly in act 3 we die thanks to a valve with death fog and lava, 11/10 thx clockwork would die like a retard again"
,Recommended,435150,35062051,Posted: 19 September,all,Edaok,"Imagine if Skyrim, Dragon Age, Dark Souls and XCOM had a crazy orgy and decided to keep the baby. This game is what that child would become. It is by far the greatest RPG i have ever played. The graphics are beautiful, the optimization is impressive and the story is downright the most immersive and perfect game i have ever played. Every second playing this game has been great. It is the epitome of RPG gaming.RYZEN 1700 4.1GhzGTX 1070 8Gb16Gb 3000mhz DDR4120FPS on the highest settings."
,Recommended,435150,34953223,Posted: 14 September,all,a kinky cat,One of the best games I've played since the Witcher 3.
,Recommended,435150,35225437,Posted: 26 September,all,LoliSpanker,"Gud game, fun game, best game 11/10"
,Recommended,435150,35352661,Posted: 30 September,all,SoapyCup,"Incredibly deep and captivating, great voice acting, map is detailed amazingly. Improves on the first title in every way. If this type of RPG is your thing, this game is 100% worth full price."
,Recommended,435150,35187301,Posted: 24 September,all,Jalaris,It's like a digital D&D campaign.
76561197999682593,Recommended,435150,35218162,Posted: 26 September,all,BlackTieHitman,Just buy it already!
,Recommended,435150,35350725,Posted: 30 September,all,Sir Meowmers,"Only £30 for a game thats givin me many more hours then most full price games, fully voiced, great story, most likwly my goty"
76561198144832418,Recommended,435150,35156950,Posted: 23 September,all,The Raunchy Badger,God damn this game's good
76561197987386574,Recommended,435150,35353125,Posted: 30 September,all,Burzy,Game of the year.
76561197970530227,Recommended,435150,35225460,Posted: 26 September,all,Shazzam,"Buy it, just buy it!"
76561197980705177,Recommended,435150,35207618,Posted: 25 September,all,Caracole,Game of the year 2017 so far...
,Recommended,435150,35217403,Posted: 26 September,all,ALL▲CAPS,Ive only finished act I. Usually I dont like Turn based Combat that much. However this game maybe the best game ive ever played.-Fantasic Soundtrack-Superb Voiceacting-Turn based Strategic Combat nearing perfection-Nice Graphics-Good Performance-Roleplay at its finest-Engaging Multiplayer Mechanics-Steam Workshop-So far I LOVE the story and the Characters-I laught so hard at some Points that i cryed (which is a challenge)Only Con so far.-I punch my allies by accitental clicking portraits.If you are searching for a D&D RP Game this comes very close.
,Recommended,435150,35173251,Posted: 24 September,all,Peruka,"Solid RPG mechanics, story seems to be a lot more interesting than the first one."
,Recommended,435150,34977382,Posted: 15 September,all,Charlie,I can not wait to put another 200+ hours into this game
,Recommended,435150,34977316,Posted: 15 September,all,Athelstan,Game of the year! <3
,Recommended,435150,34965323,Posted: 14 September,all,Dtale,Incredible!10/10 nough said
76561198037375785,Recommended,435150,29112098,Posted: 8 January,all,dragosul,Unbelievably polished game for an alpha. Look forward to playing the full release!
,Recommended,435150,35484371,Posted: 4 October,all,Vexblackheart,"- 30 Hours In -I really enjoy this virtual world.It feels like every choice matters.Victory feels earned.Scouring this vivid and meticulously-detailed world leads to secrets, loot and professionally voice-acted and engrossing stories that keep me rapt, hour after hour.Welp, back to it!Thanks, Larian.-Vex"
76561198089114484,Recommended,435150,35356788,Posted: 30 September,all,Ghost,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is my introduction to Larian Studios, and the Divinity series.Coming from Bethesda (Oblivion, Fallout 3 and 4, and Skyrim), I was completely lost, yet enthralled. I had no idea what to do, lost every fight (miserably) and scratched my head so often my mother bought me shampoo to treat lice.The quests, and story therein is engaging and much like a good book, keeps you wanting more. The characters - both humans and animals alike - are well fleshed out, and everyone has their own intentions, needs, and wants.The world is packed to the brim with content, stories, and secrets, and then some. It's like Larian studios is that Italian grandmother who asks you if you want more food on your plate, and you respond ""just a bit"", only to get another heaped serving. There are so many characters to talk to, and side quests to complete, that you can spend over 8 hours in the first area alone.Combat is difficult. I mean, really, difficult. After winning my first fight I noticed that I'd grown a thick bushell of hair on my chest, and I'm Asian! All politically questionable jokes aside, winning a fight makes you feel good. Fist-pump-in-the-air level good. The enemies will keep you on your toes using all manner of spells, ranged combat, and CQC, dwindling your armour and health. One thing that D:OS2 teaches you to take advantage of is planning, and using the environment to your advantage. Things like setting up ranged attackers on higher ground for damage bonuses, or setting up elemental traps using oil and fire, can really turn the tide of battle. Larian studios doesn't ever tell you how you should fight, but they've built the maps in such a way that there are areas you can exploit, if you're looking for them.All in all I'm having a blast with this game, and it feels like having a lover for the first time. I can't stop thinking about D:OS2, I want to know when I'll get to see it next, and I reminisce about the times we've had.Strap yourself in, locate your F5 quicksave key, and get ready for an amazing adventure like no other."
,Recommended,435150,35361899,Posted: 30 September,all,Bob,GOTY.
,Recommended,435150,34967298,Posted: 15 September,all,Blitz,What time is it?
76561198013057386,Recommended,435150,29641112,Posted: 1 February,all,Etienne1,best game ever... been playing rpg for over 20 years
,Recommended,435150,33208124,Posted: 3 July,all,-Neb- Flamesoul,kleptomaniac simulator10/10 would take everything from everyone again
,Recommended,435150,34970733,Posted: 15 September,all,trashpanda,game has skeleton dwarves and lizard people.5/5mastapeece.
,Recommended,435150,34965458,Posted: 14 September,all,Zobakka,"Masterpiece. Thank you Larian, you did it again,"
76561198026893751,Recommended,435150,35025449,Posted: 17 September,all,Deathkillert,So far I can say this game has way too much content and way too many choices for me. GIVE ME MORE TIME GOD PLEASE!
,Recommended,435150,25548959,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Switch,"Definitely a must have for the lovers of the first Original Sin.Obviously still early access, so it is not nearly as polished as the first one. But nevertheless it feels nice and fun.A couple aspects prevent a deep immersion, such as absent conversations. Instead of actually replying to an NPC, you get choices such as ""Tell him you disagree"" rather than ""I don't think this is such a good idea"" or whatever. So if you really cannot wait to get your hands on this game, I do not think there are many reasons not to buy it.For those of you who can wait until the full release, I suggest you do wait since there still is quite a bit of content missing that makes you feel really immersed.I refunded it in order to wait for the release, but I will definitely buy it once it is released because it is a very good game already."
76561198282203323,Recommended,435150,25531176,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nig Daddy,"Dislike the fact that you have to chose from pre defined hero's to use in the online arena .. I think people.would much prefer if they could use their own characters from the campaign ... as spending time to get good gear and weapons would feel so rewarding if you could take that character into the arena. Maybe even have set brackets for example . Level 5 and under , 5 -10, 10-15,15-20 etc... and if people are going to cry snd say that's not fair I'll be stomped by people with better gear .. then maybe keep the hero's for them to chose from .. but please don't just let us pick from only these hero's... a lot of people will agree with me that this takes a lot of fun and sense of achievement out of pvp."
76561198071229838,Recommended,435150,33295202,Posted: 5 July,all,Cupoflard,"Amazing game so far, improves on every level from the orginal game. I can't stop playing it and it's not even done yet."
76561198105777534,Recommended,435150,26595004,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,"It's over Anakin, I have the high ground."
76561197982850997,Recommended,435150,35008122,Posted: 16 September,all,The Bear Jew,"Oops, where did those 10 hours go? Best RPG on the steam market today, and its not close!"
,Recommended,435150,34959211,Posted: 14 September,all,NetQvist,"Great, ignore the negative reviews due to localization not being available for certain languages."
76561198115069635,Recommended,435150,29210294,Posted: 12 January,all,Delfurion,"I enjoyed a lot the act I, considering the EA. To sum it up :Pros :- Background/other options given with preset characters- Graphics quality well beyond DOS:EE at max settings- Harder than previous opus- Skills Memory system (can't wait for decks management !)- Fort Joy musicCons :- New multi Inventory is nice, but still lacking former EE sorting options (by weight for instance)- We need voices so that we can have a glimpse at their quality- Not being able to craft former recipes at least is quite frustrating- A few weird party pathfindings- Music stops running for unknown reasons, often when fighting just like in EEMy 2 cents."
,Recommended,435150,30250235,Posted: 28 February,all,SeekerOD,"Everytime I open this game I get chills, try this ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece."
,Recommended,435150,29350579,Posted: 18 January,all,Dionysus,"This sequel has a lot of the sort of improvements that might make it harder to go back and play the first one.The story is still not particularly good, and it still in my opinion is a little too lacking in direction.Four player coop was the main draw for me, and it's actually so fun and done so logically that it's hard to imagine how else you could handle combat in a game of this kind with four players.  If you've got three friends in a discord chat ready to drop some serious hours in this game and strategize turn by turn, the experience can't really be beat.  I'm really looking forward to the full release."
,Recommended,435150,29972222,Posted: 16 February,all,Dispern,"Is good, is fun, plz finish soon bby Larian."
,Recommended,435150,35101995,Posted: 21 September,all,Dharkan,You can steal kids' toys with a simple teleportation spell. - 10/10
76561198134205070,Recommended,435150,25869722,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,voklarl,Pros: The game makes you beg for more.Cons: I am now begging for more.
76561198003716122,Recommended,435150,35028104,Posted: 17 September,all,It's ya boy Guzma,Just buy it already
76561198032110397,Recommended,435150,25592923,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BitWyrm,I WANT TO PLAY MORE!!!! 2017 is so far away. . . . .
76561198083324281,Recommended,435150,25540752,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Anonymous2013,"Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a worthy successor to its predecesor. It allows you to tailor your origins story thus affecting how the world and people will respond to your presence, and the special chat actions characters can have. For the moment there are a few pre-made characters with their own stories from character traits to addictions and flaws. Even if I wasn't able to tinker with the story except character aspect and class; I grew fond of the characters. What itks me is that I cannot make the characters talk with eachother, or banter, just to dog deeper into their origin story.Combat is just like in Original Sin, but after the improvement of its engine the game now allows a player to interact with the enviroment much more smoothly and with more freedom.Of course this is an early access, meaning its still rough around the edges and it has bugs. In the game there will be a red text near the minimap saying ""Alfa Build"". But despite the bugs, the quests that won't update and the bothersome glitching textures from armor or the enviroment; I still greatly enjoyed the hours I spent in the game. I had a few occassions to get off the island but the more you explore the more rewarding it becomes. Even if you stumble over a battle, an ambush, a secret treasure or hidden dungeon; what you find there will help you later on in quests you didn't even get to or expected to be doing.I do NOT care about the bugs or that it's an Alfa Early Access. This game: Divinity Original Sin 2, has everything you need in an RPG game, except romances. Rewarding exploration, beautiful sound tracks, fun puzzles, challanging battles and a beatifuly detailed world; I would recommend this game to any RPG gamer."
76561198026625785,Recommended,435150,25586704,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Solitaun,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TIjuayZYP8
,Recommended,435150,25773091,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TseYa,"Best of the best, the game is awesome and even better than the 1st genre.Looking forward to the couch coop and gamepad support, my pack of friends await!Traditional Chinese PLEASE!!!WE NEED TRADITIONAL CHINESE!WE NEED TRADITIONAL CHINESE!WE NEED TRADITIONAL CHINESE!WE NEED TRADITIONAL CHINESE!WE NEED TRADITIONAL CHINESE!Please give us traditional Chinese! It would be the easiest if you have traditional Chinese translation first. and it can be easiy transformed into simplified Chinese! Please!我們需要正體中文!"
76561198048581468,Recommended,435150,34983033,Posted: 15 September,all,Dag0Bicks,This game is old school. Did you like the first Dragon Age more than the crap that II and III were dumbed down to? Then you will like this too.
,Recommended,435150,34395363,Posted: 21 August,all,Count Pussy Pounder the First,"This game is a gift from the gods, no brainer to buy it if you've ever enjoyed fun ( and challenge )pros- the graphics-artistic direction-narrative and writing-combat system-multiplayer is well executed-looks like the replayability is gonna be there-lenght of the demo content is worth a 60$ gamecons- i have to work and can't no life on this game- it is not out yet- you are not playing it"
76561198055952454,Recommended,435150,34959215,Posted: 14 September,all,Moxie,"This game is what crpgs needed, a step forwards not a step back into the pools of nostalgia like pillars of eternity and baldurs gate remasters that dont really catch the feelings we had when we played whoses games the first time all thoses years ago.This is what a good rpg game should be, no day one dlc, no micro transactions, no bs, just the full game you bought."
76561198006435850,Recommended,435150,35028122,Posted: 17 September,all,Nullsec,"Holy crap, finally a decent game for 2017."
,Recommended,435150,25537503,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mecha,"It's going to be fully voiced from the release date. That alone for me is enough to recommend this game. I used to have a hard time recommending it because I understand very well how bothersome reading can be and it's hard to convince someone who hates reading to try it anyway. Welp, no reason to not recommend this game to almost anyone.If you like strategy games, the battle system is one of the most fun to play around with. I would be giddy at some times not expecting my plans to unfold so well and at other times just be utterly shocked with devestation on how things played out. Be it from my own hands or the enemies..If you appreciate good writing and character building, the game will meet your expectations with ease and may possibly even surprise you depending on how high your expectations are.If you just appreciate a well-done RPG in the age of watered down mechanics, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥you're in for a treat. No hand holding, go figure most everything out on your own. Pay heavy attention to everything around you because there are a ton of secrets and a lot of people will give you insight on different ways to accomplish your goals if you're perceptive enough. There is a ton of freedom in which to complete every task. Just to try and put it into perspective a bit more without going into heavy detail, and though I would not advise it, you can kill 100% of all npcs and still finish the game successfully"
,Recommended,435150,30743608,Posted: 25 March,all,Jewbacca4321,Not even out yet and I can say it's an awesome game. Can't wait for the full version.It's simply a master piece!
,Recommended,435150,33297467,Posted: 5 July,all,kofight,"For D&D fans, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,435150,34956347,Posted: 14 September,all,Grodzki,Im happy for the happy bald developer guy
,Recommended,435150,34956353,Posted: 14 September,all,dick defrag,"best turn-based RPG that exists, and the only one with a multiplayer option"
76561198049692809,Recommended,435150,26224909,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,aj.keefe,Great game! Please buy and support!
76561198060812826,Recommended,435150,34946914,Posted: 14 September,all,Michael Thompson,best game since witcher 3 period
76561197970799243,Recommended,435150,34946395,Posted: 14 September,all,master_toh,Why is this still the Alpha Build? It should be out today
,Recommended,435150,33637486,Posted: 18 July,all,falloutttt,"This game is absolutely amazing! <3Best isometric RPG games:1997 -Fallout1998 -Fallout 22001 -Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura2017 -Divinity: Original Sin 2It only took 16 years or so... but hey, at least now we have a game that is truly worth playing...*Yeah, I skipped Baldur's Gate games, not ""great"" enough! ;D"
,Recommended,435150,29338604,Posted: 18 January,all,grand master chache,I highly recommend this game cause playing with friends in this is great they can think of things you would never think of til way later. Even if your playing alone its still a blast learning new ways to keep your foes away and stunned. Story is pretty good for only being the first Act so if you have not bought the game yet get a demo and try it or just buy it.
,Recommended,435150,30501531,Posted: 13 March,all,Peridot,"ProsFun game, good improvement off original.would be great when finished.one of the best takes on turn based rpgs.ConsPatches don't occur often.All patches are overhauls of pre-existing systemshardly any new additional content at alltoo expensive for like 4 hours of content.save games post patches are incompatibleSummaryIt'd would be worth buying when finished.Don't drop the money expecting expecting a lot of content requiring bug fixesMost of the patches now are to build upon a system they like, not adding anything major."
,Recommended,435150,33065778,Posted: 30 June,all,Ausolot,Awesome game 10\10
,Recommended,435150,27206179,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dilemma,Best. Game. Ever.
76561198084278556,Recommended,435150,25770782,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Dreaming Shadowsipper,"I really just don't understand why an early access ALPHA BUILD game plays better and feels more feature complete than full release games. Simply incomprehensible, I don't know whether to worship Larian or tell just about every other developer they're sh*t.I guess if it's all relative both are the same thing huh."
76561198000906585,Recommended,435150,34000976,Posted: 3 August,all,Artful Dodger,Best ISO since Baldur's Gate
,Recommended,435150,33821873,Posted: 26 July,all,Joerg Baermann,Probably one of the very few early access games that is worth it.
,Recommended,435150,34278238,Posted: 16 August,all,Big Bubba B,"Awesome RPG with a lot of free room on how you want to play.Combat is very good with a lot of fun mechanics, but will tear you a new one if you dont plan ahead. As it should be."
76561197992094122,Recommended,435150,25974226,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Brandon,"I thought it was going to be complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was so very wrong. Each fight you have to think tactically and each fight is different it's own ways. As for the story, Act 1 was very impressive, as a Baldur's Gate Fan I suggest this to anybody who enjoys Strategy RPG's."
,Recommended,435150,25621270,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Grey Hare,"Surprised this game can run on my potato laptop (GT520m 1Gb). Wish the dev's will optimize the game to run smoother and I know it's too much to ask, will you please add voice on the dialogue :) like the first game (EE).Update: Aug 2017Run flawlessly on GTX 1050, love the new updates. Really wishing all the best for the devs to finish this masterpiece."
,Recommended,435150,25621975,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,moneypoww,"One of the closest games I've ever played to D&D, the EA version ends kind of suddenly, cannot wait for more. Very few bugs considering all possible interactions, cannot reccommend highly enough."
,Recommended,435150,25657810,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ุุBTSpaniel,"Played with full group of friends, i decided to be a zombie lizard that dies from healing, poison and health pots and food, friend decided to get the homo slave and then decides he wants to steal a random chest, whole town kills us, rip our save."
,Recommended,435150,25580493,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Yndaaa #Fruitsalad,Pickpocketed from my partner and they got mad at me and wont stop using it to win arguments +1 would play again can't wait for full release
76561198054816352,Recommended,435150,34672514,Posted: 1 September,all,Grimreefer101,Get it! Back devs who make amazing games!GOD I WISH MORE GAMES WERE MADE LIEK THIS ONE
76561197970573979,Recommended,435150,32064511,Posted: 30 May,all,Paul Evgenidis the boy lover!,"too good... mother of all of master-piece rpg...this♥♥♥♥♥♥is un♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥believable, more addictive than heroin...someone plz give Larian Studios a nobel prize.srsly, if ISIS ever has access to this game, the world will be in PEACE."
76561198067635230,Recommended,435150,34674437,Posted: 1 September,all,Rorista,"met a cat, seemed pretty chill decided to call him Frank. Frank followed me around town and kept me company with his constant meowing. starting to become attached to Frank. walk near some dudes dressed in red guarding a gate. archer bro sitting near top of the gate immediately shoots frank for no reason. slaughter every red dressed man i see in the area.10/10 would avenge Franks death again."
,Recommended,435150,34968954,Posted: 15 September,all,Stroheim,Feels better to play than the last one and i have only one problem with it. Elf armour looks stupid.
76561198164565797,Recommended,435150,34966278,Posted: 15 September,all,Nightbringerx,"Awesome visuals, voice acting, enviroment and storyline.The controls take some getting used to.The combat isnt a push over, you will get yourbutt handed to you often. But that makes for achallenging game.Reminds me so much of Baldur's gate.This game is worth adding to your collection."
76561197973602053,Recommended,435150,34966352,Posted: 15 September,all,Zeronine,"So far, this game has managed to hugely improve on the story element of the first one, that was otherwise it's weak point. Combat seems improved further with tactical options, and a lot of statistics and scaling has been tuned to work in more intuitive ways. Also, you can play a lich!With my meager hours, it's already a ton of fun, and I can hardly wait to finish exploring the first island and moving on to the mainland with my coop buddies.Probably the closest to a DnD campaign I've seen recreated in a video game, the character freedom, depth of combat and huge amount of silly shenanigans on our part makes it feel just like a real table."
76561197972656765,Recommended,435150,34955318,Posted: 14 September,all,Laurentus Venatus,EPIC !
,Recommended,435150,34877432,Posted: 10 September,all,JustForKicks96,Good
76561198022593764,Recommended,435150,34927071,Posted: 13 September,all,Vaas,Its PogChamp
76561198198296039,Recommended,435150,26294018,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,intrepidElf,"While yes it is early access and I wish there was more, if you liked Div Original Sin and wished there was more, then get this and the wait for DOS:2 will be easier!"
76561198162410567,Recommended,435150,35093989,Posted: 20 September,all,Awkward winkyface,"Brilliant RPG. Leaves ALOT of freedom to the player to♥♥♥♥♥♥around whilst still feeling like actions have consequences, it treads the fine line between feeling like a sandbox or an adventure game. It very much reminds me of Neverwinter in that sense.All dialogue has voice overs, incredibly enhancing the experience and immersion. The graphics are stunning and the game runs well(100+ fps gtx 1070 i7-7700k 16GB RAM, ultra settings ultrawide). The story is fairly interesting if you're into fantasy lore. Abilities form complex combinations and the environment is extraordinarely important in achieving victory.The game does not come without bugs, and not without flaws. By sheer scale alone that'd be an impossible task. My issues with the game are:>I repeatedly find myself performing unwanted tasks due to the GUI and especially the controls not always being intuitive>Combat is really, really slow. Instead of queueing items and pressing ""next turn"" you're forced to watch every single animation before making your next move>AI glitches occasionally. I take it runs through a tree to find the optimal path, but from time to time an opponent just freezes forcing you to wait out 20/30 seconds before it's turn gets nullified likely as it didn't find an acceptable move to make>Sometimes the dialogue doesn't feel like it offers what exactly I'd think of the situation(this is obviously an odd complaint, but I felt this especially so in Divinity OS2 for some reason)>Quests tend to be ambiguous at times, which is sometimes fun and sometimes unnecessary and annoyingBut really, the scale is convincingly tipped towards the favorable here. Great game for any RPG/strategy fan.9/10"
,Recommended,435150,35168160,Posted: 23 September,all,Psych881,I love this game so much
76561197978156557,Recommended,435150,34961543,Posted: 14 September,all,Cutter,"Do you like turn-based RPGs?Just buy the best one ever.  This one.There - that was easy.Edit: Just coming back after 70+ hours spent with the release version.  Nothing really to add - this really is the best turn-based RPG I've ever played.  The options you have to solve problems, to pick fights, to get in over your head and try to puzzle or muscle your way out of it - this game is just amazing in its possibilities."
,Recommended,435150,35165068,Posted: 23 September,all,Rumpel,goty
,Recommended,435150,34958757,Posted: 14 September,all,Noden,Like DoS1 except better in every way
76561197989252679,Recommended,435150,34951686,Posted: 14 September,all,Beldin,5/5
,Recommended,435150,34987603,Posted: 15 September,all,Disturbed,Accidently boned a skeleton (get it? BONED! haha) trying to sound sarcastic during a conversation10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ bones again
76561197984117263,Recommended,435150,35064409,Posted: 19 September,all,HoboOfSerenity,"If you've played Original sin 1, then this will feel extremely familiar.A mistake many bigger companies seem to make is to simplify and gut a mechanic without much improvement added, if at all. Unlike these companies, Larian Studios actually kept and expanded on nearly all the good mechanics, skill variation and gameplay (races, attribute and skill redesign, etc.), improving the game in almost every aspect and redesigning a few things to make them more complex, streamlined or interactive, rather than oversimplfying.If I had to pick one improvement to praise above all the others it would be the new way skills are managed. This new system is the shift towards ""skill slots"" managed by a memory attribute. Instead of having each skill limited to X numbers of abilities based on your skill in this ability, every ability learned is stored and can be made active for 1, 2 or 3, skill slots based on it's power. As such, you can choose to make all your skills of the same school, or mix and match as your leisure. I'll draw a comparison here to a wizards spellbook in dnd. Rather than having a limited selection of ""spells"", such as a sorcerer in dnd, and having to unlearn and re-learn abilities if you want something changed (Which could have become a hassle if there were skills you wanted to have purely for out of combat situations), you can now simply switch your skills around based on your current needs for the next encounter or to help overcome terrain obsticles. And if you want to have a broaded skill selection in combat, you have to devote points or feats towards this purpose. (Though you get enough that it's not really needed unless you want to generalize rather than specialize, since as stated above, you can select which abilities you want to use before a combat encounter anyway)As with Original sin 1, there is a lot of content and side-quests here, allowing you to go trough the game at your own pace. One thing I found really interresting, is the ""pre-made"" characters as they get a unique story arc that opens up more options for how you tacle quests, all of them seem to have a unique quest line attached to them and almost every conversation of importance seems to have it's own line for the created characters to use. You can choose to play as one of these, or choose up to three of them to act as your companions with their own agenda while playing your own custom character, even making them the ""main character"" for the main plot, should you so choose. You can also select all of their initial classes, allowing for great customization and allows you to construct your party completely around your own playstyle and needs.While the crafting system has had several things added to help expand the system, such as the new rune system which allows for further customization of items, there does not appear to be as many recipies for crafting your own gear beyond the first few levels. Though crafted items does conform to your level when you crafted them, but from what I can tell, you can't really make them magical for instance and improve resistances by adding orbs, such as you can in OS:EE. As this is something that got improved upon and added in Original Sin's enhanced edition, I suspect it will be the case for Original Sin 2 as well, depending on player feedback. (Or it could just be me that never figured out the new recipies for crafting and combining unenchanted gear to make it magical etc. It's quite possible.).Another GREAT addition is the Game master mode. This allows you to create campaigns for your friends and make your own unique stories, encounters and quests to help expand on the games longevity and replayability. The addition of mod support, the ability to share these campaigns online and creating new assets is simply fantastic. Bioware did this for Neverwinter Nights back in 2002, and it's still got a strong community and unique player made campaigns. If Larian Studios continue down this road with this IP, I think it's going to stick around for a long long time!There is also a new arena mode, where you can go head to head with your friends or people online in various 1v1, 2v2, etc. matchups to test and improve your own skills, and bragging rights for owning your friends with a cheesy build ;)Larian studios manages to meet and exceed expectations and did a great job keeping kickstarter and early access buyers updated with the development process and progress, listening to player feedback and communicating with the playerbase. This is an example I wish more devs would follow, as it's greatly helped improve their game and makes the community feel like their opinion matters.I'd strongly reccomend any RPG fans to buy the game. Not only will you get a game well worth the asking price with plenty of hours of playtime for each dollar spent, but also help support a developer that is no doubt going to keep doing great work into the future as well, as long as we players keep on rewarding such great work and their dedication to their playerbase."
,Recommended,435150,33396493,Posted: 9 July,all,Ghede,Pretty good classic RPG.
,Recommended,435150,32001589,Posted: 27 May,all,Adolf K. Weismann,It's just so beautiful.
76561198039649998,Recommended,435150,32016989,Posted: 28 May,all,ManDiime,Almost 100 hours deep.  Thanks LArian .....My life is over
,Recommended,435150,35157198,Posted: 23 September,all,Scary Duckies,"This game and The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, best RPG ever made."
,Recommended,435150,35094155,Posted: 20 September,all,Jyindo Tes Luerra,Havent made it past the first town and ik for sure its one of the best rpg's ever released on pcthis is worth every penny
,Recommended,435150,29654178,Posted: 2 February,all,Cloudjubei,"Fantastic game that improves upon everything that was done in its predecessor!Also, probably one of the best Early Access Games I've played."
,Recommended,435150,29804364,Posted: 9 February,all,GanSCj,Good game.We need chinese.Thanks!
,Recommended,435150,35095527,Posted: 20 September,all,Shimohara,"This game is a masterpiece, I have 63 hours so far and I still haven't beaten it.If you like classic RPG games like Baldur's gate or Neverwinter nights, Do yourself a favor and get this game.PS: Ifan is the best companion"
76561198086696853,Recommended,435150,35200509,Posted: 25 September,all,Kumamon Salty Chips (>`-`)>,"Day 1- Steam recommended this game to me because off Xcom2 (turned based)- Bought it and started downloading- Started my character name Coi, human Ranger(took me 20 mins)Day 2- Game started at the boat- Got a collar around my neck just like my dog has... I get it- Talk to every NPC I can see- Boat was dmged by a creature(huge one)- Wtf??- Killed some bugs- Get some exp- Reach my next challenge --- Fort Joy- Ez pz lemon squeezy :DDay 11- Still stuck on the goddamn Fort JoyBEST RPG EVER PLAYED10/10 WOULD STUCK IN TUTORIAL AGAIN"
76561198053233250,Recommended,435150,35001448,Posted: 16 September,all,(TGW) ToranDiablo,"This game is truely the greatest CRPG I have ever played. The full voice acting is phenomenal. The story and quests are well written. Combat is smooth and rewards creative thinking.Larian don't stop now keep making games of this quality, this sets the standard for games. AAA companies should take a lesson from Larian."
76561197971035567,Recommended,435150,35114380,Posted: 21 September,all,Grimah,"This is the best made RPG of all time. The best combat, even better than x-com. More satisfying loot drops than Diablo 3. Better dialogue that is fully voice casted unlike Pillar's of eternity.. More freedom than Baldur's Gate games. Full CO-OP. Better Dungeon master multiplayer mode than Neverwinter nights.Though with that much praise it is not the best at EVERYTHING. The companion banter is no where near what Dragon age 1 + 2  did, nor are the companions are as alive as they are.Nor can I make an assessment of the main story, but this game along with the Witcher 3 are the pinnacles of attention to detail and you can tell it was made to be the best it could be.Now stop reading and get it!"
76561198206580389,Recommended,435150,35118819,Posted: 21 September,all,754865089,Chinese plz
,Recommended,435150,35116101,Posted: 21 September,all,Connection Issues,"Very highly recommended. Don't be fooled by the top down game style. I hate MMO games that look similar, such as World of Warcraft. This is not that game in the slightest. It is a well crafted, story rich, turn based rpg game. Choices make a big impact on the game, and their a ton of them to make. You are able to do whatever you like, literally. You can kill a primary quest character if you want, and it will change the whole path of how you have to complete the game. Their is a ton of customization. I liken the strategy and customization similar to a game like Fire Emblem, except so much better."
76561198140568563,Recommended,435150,35016633,Posted: 17 September,all,Kuritto,Top doller game would highly recommend. 10/5
76561198056054399,Recommended,435150,34978000,Posted: 15 September,all,HannibalSmith,"Just started and loving it already, totally lives up to the hype!Highly recommended if you like this type of game."
76561198008892370,Recommended,435150,34978004,Posted: 15 September,all,Gus,Had the clothes stolen right off my back.  Still can't find them.Bucket helmet forever.10/10
,Recommended,435150,35087525,Posted: 20 September,all,Mephis182,A guard shot my cat for no ♥♥♥♥ing reasonBut in all seriousness this game is the best rpg I've played in years and allows for so much customization and experimentationUPDATE: The cat came in with a clutch kill saving a friendly paladin from an enemy. Greatest CRPG ever
,Recommended,435150,34467572,Posted: 24 August,all,Byde,Until now it has been one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.
76561198068587290,Recommended,435150,33392432,Posted: 8 July,all,coffeemystery101,Does not disappoint.  Very well developed combat action and story.
76561198041471545,Recommended,435150,35140599,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr_Mathena,Hands down best game I have ever played.
76561198032012377,Recommended,435150,35016681,Posted: 17 September,all,ameya730,"After spending countless hours on DOSEE, i was afraid that i would face fatigue while paying DOS2. Suffice to say that my fears were unfounded. Instead this is a game that sucks you in and never lets go. This is a not only the best game of this year but arguably of all time. It has set a benchmark in how you make isometric turn based games."
,Recommended,435150,35142521,Posted: 22 September,all,ZEIN,Good game.
76561198060759441,Recommended,435150,35142706,Posted: 22 September,all,Scatman,Amazing game!
,Recommended,435150,34984944,Posted: 15 September,all,Ystah,Marvellous!
,Recommended,435150,35010633,Posted: 16 September,all,ftstani,"I'm having a great time so far. It's a CRPG. For you young'uns CRPG stands for Computer Role-Playing Game, which had its heyday before my time. Basically it means an old-school turn-based tabletop roleplaying simulation. See, it's like this. In the 1980's, nerds would gather in basements and living rooms with intricate character sheets and roll dice on a board representation of the game world; one amongst them would be the Game Master, who controlled the monster pieces, offered quests, and stayed in-character at all times. Then computers came out and this format translated easily to the virtual medium. This is a continuation of that tradition. Don't expect something like Skyrim or the Witcher.Personally I found the combat to be not that satisfying. Certainly nothing like the Witcher 3. However, the story and characterizations more than make up for this. I'm treating it like an isometric walking simulator basically. Still a blast and with lots of hilarious dialogue. Where my silky sourvenir at?"
76561198167306964,Recommended,435150,33296624,Posted: 5 July,all,Neko_Arc,Plz add Chinese language !!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,435150,34737920,Posted: 4 September,all,Rain,100% nomness!
76561198079107085,Recommended,435150,34787802,Posted: 6 September,all,Shanrakk,"This is an extention of one of the best classical RPGS of all time. This really should be up there with baldr's gate- and while it isnt perfect (it, of course, has flaws) Its charm and heart put into the game really make it something that shines. Brightly. You know the expression ""Made with love""? This is. I can taste it. And you can too- Divinity O.S. was amazing and they've improved it with the sequel and its only in EA. Please do yourself a favor and quit your job to play this game. your mind will thank you. Besides- we know you're not paying your mom rent anyway.9.75/10. And I review things pretty critically."
,Recommended,435150,34964629,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr Retro,I would not go as far as saying its the best rpg game I have ever played but its surely in my top 3 and it tops the first game so far in my opinion.
76561198002968088,Recommended,435150,35012940,Posted: 16 September,all,ChineseButtShark,Great game. Lots of fun!
,Recommended,435150,35013073,Posted: 16 September,all,Keg,This game is how babies are made.
,Recommended,435150,35025847,Posted: 17 September,all,K . U . R . T,"UPDATE!!!HOTFIX HAS BEEN RELEASED!!!https://twitter.com/larianstudios/status/909495143484542978Okay everyone. I am going to write an in-depth detailed review for the issues about this game.Pros:-Everything is great about this game, as other reviews have said, fills that Baulder Gate CRPG itch and niche people miss.-Voice acting is great even though they spent 4 months adding it to the game-Dialogue choices are more like action choices, for example, "" *The Red Prince wishes that you address him as your majesty. Tell him to ♥♥♥♥ off* "".-Honestly, this game is fantastic gameplay wise and story wise, rich and full of content. One of the best TURN BASED CRPGS out right now.Cons:Right now there areTWO CONSI can think of is that there is a somewhat medium to high learning curve to the game, which depends on your experience in CPRG games or the difficulty you selected.The other one is GAMEBREAKING and it has to do with your SAVE FILE. It is a memory leak save bloat bug, NOT entirely sure what is causing the issue, it corrupts your save file due something in the environment in the game. Some people have gotten the save corruption just 3 hours into the game, some other people have spent maybe 20-30 hours and left ACT 1 and gotten the bug.Apparently it is related with the corrupted levelcache inside the savefile, some people have used an editor to extract the save and replace the levelcache with an earlier save as a *TEMPORARY FIX*.What the bug does is freeze/hang your game on saving or loading, crashes while quick loading, long loading times, etc.tl;dr Memory leak bloat save bug that corrupts all your data due related to something environment wise in the game. NO ONE KNOWS what causes it indefinitely. Larian is AWARE of the issue and is working to solve it.Verdict:I honestly love this Divnity game compared to the first one, and I'd really want to recommend it to people, but until they fix the bug, which will not be until next week of Sept. 18-22 of 2017, I would NOT recommend you to buy this game.I'll be updating the review in the future when they fix it, until now, if you want to RISK your chances of spending 30+ hours into the game, only for all the save data to get corrupted and be lost that is entirely up to your decision."
,Recommended,435150,34940480,Posted: 13 September,all,( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙),in the 12 minutes I have played I can say with the highest of confidences that this game is worth buying.
76561198132790775,Recommended,435150,34940399,Posted: 13 September,all,arasberry,"Absolutely phenomenal, 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,35034270,Posted: 17 September,all,Xmoono,"I have nothing worthwhile to say, I just want to thumb this masterpiece of a game up."
,Recommended,435150,34976168,Posted: 15 September,all,Doge,"Last night: I'm playing for a while before sleeping....  is that the sun?Yeah is that kind of game, looking fordwards to play more and more."
,Recommended,435150,35001318,Posted: 16 September,all,JalenTheEpic,This game is fantastic. One of the best RPG's I've ever played. It's even better with friends.
,Recommended,435150,34303778,Posted: 17 August,all,Chow,I guess I have found a new favorite genre.
,Recommended,435150,25790905,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,S4R1N,"Incredible game.Deep combat and character building, huge amounts of voiced dialogue, hundreds of hours worth of content and so many different ways to play, interesting puzzles that actually require you to think and try multiple ways to get around problems and not to mention so many of the side quests have real significant impacts to the game, completely the balance of power, giving unique solutions and items or even keeping certain important characters alive (or dead).Cannot recommend this enough, reminds me of all the old 90s/00s RPGs that took a decent amount of thought.   So much love and care has went into this, if you love old school RPGs and great writing, you'll love this.10/10 - One of the best games I've played this year"
,Recommended,435150,34604792,Posted: 30 August,all,dretahølk,Probably the best game ever.
,Recommended,435150,35027381,Posted: 17 September,all,Bear,Had sex with a skeleton. 10/10 would bone again.
,Recommended,435150,35023744,Posted: 17 September,all,arthurccb,more of the same and thats  great thing
,Recommended,435150,35037021,Posted: 17 September,all,Fuhrer Buttpunch,Larian Studios: I see you are wanting to engage in the main quest line......it would be a shame if.........we bombarded you with EVERYTHING!
,Recommended,435150,29616489,Posted: 31 January,all,2RN DWN 4 HWAT,"With the amount of control you're given in this game, it truly reminds me of Dungeons & Dragons. I only wish my friends and I have more free time together so we can experience exploring this world together."
,Recommended,435150,35167801,Posted: 23 September,all,Ginyu,"hm to put it simply, game of the year. just buy itcon: this game will suck your life away"
76561198000147731,Recommended,435150,35129511,Posted: 22 September,all,Aagreen,I wanna Marry this game. IT's great!
,Recommended,435150,29723467,Posted: 5 February,all,MangoKen,"Thank you Larian Studios, keep the game fun!"
,Recommended,435150,35121341,Posted: 21 September,all,Jeffry,One of the most captivating and engaging RPG's in a long time. Definitely worth your time.
76561198012203033,Recommended,435150,29878807,Posted: 12 February,all,Looped,Its just fun.
,Recommended,435150,35311538,Posted: 29 September,all,prwndust5000,Not one for writing reviews but this game has surprisingly gripped me. This game does a great job storytelling but allows you to essentially direct your character path. The game have top quality fight mechanics and makes you think about every move instead of button bashing your OP spells. The soundtrack works well to create atmosphere and changes when your in certain situations. I can't you want to explore this game fully and a few more times… and a few more times but played in different ways. Top tip: play with a friend in co-op mode it's superrrrrrrrrr fun!
76561197972250481,Recommended,435150,35310134,Posted: 29 September,all,Rubb3r,Illmatic. The world is yours.
,Recommended,435150,35041527,Posted: 18 September,all,Elliott's Face,"9/10 for me when I have patience.7/10 for me when lose track and try to do ALL the quests at once.*Play this game like DnD or a boardgame, not an MMO*Qualities:Smart n concise dialogue response system = it's like playing a smart person in a hurry.Stupidly huge amount of content but with quest writing and creativity of cinematic quality.Old fashioned think based questing = Readin relevant things requiredHuge number of Specs n strategies = can make any roleplayed character feel useful and strongBalanced itemisation and crafting = gearing insentive as important as group synergyLore galore = immersion even for those who dont actively seek contextual loreTopical concepts = grey areas n unexpected consequences for white knights n genocidal cleptomaniacs."
76561198004910333,Recommended,435150,35193758,Posted: 24 September,all,Borb,"I bought it, got a refund, and then realized I wanted to play it againSo I bought it again"
76561198015804575,Recommended,435150,34979817,Posted: 15 September,all,Slowpoke,10/10.
76561198041070799,Recommended,435150,35212813,Posted: 25 September,all,BLAZAR,"It's like Path of Exile and The Witcher III had a baby, but better."
,Recommended,435150,35279454,Posted: 28 September,all,🅼🅾🆁🆃🆈,Nothing less but a masterpiece.
76561198052012275,Recommended,435150,35280024,Posted: 28 September,all,KiZiXs,"Honestly, probably the best game I've played in years!"
,Recommended,435150,35138081,Posted: 22 September,all,SgtCaptain,Absolutely yes!
76561198046364723,Recommended,435150,35278939,Posted: 28 September,all,Aedos,"I'm writing this as an interim review, but thought it was important to say something now for those who might be on the fence about purchasing.This is an accessible game. I couldn't get into the first Divinity: OS or Pillars of Eternity, and I took the plunge on this title hoping that reports of it being more accessible would be true.It's a great game, and it's got its teeth in me.As a long time rpg fan that's never played a game like this, I'm happy that the story is so strong. Being intensely interested in the plot and the world-crafting is forcing me to learn the mechanics and get used to the genre's idiosyncracies. PLAY AN ORIGIN CHARACTER. Your avatar having a backstory and motive really drives the plot.Larian have done a great job. 9.5/10 so far."
,Recommended,435150,35339511,Posted: 30 September,all,Hansworth,great
76561198096656117,Recommended,435150,35015000,Posted: 16 September,all,HnuHrc,"Game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good.but plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzChinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese  .We need Chinese, for poor english. it cost too much energy .i must rest 1 hour after playing this game.. plz Chinese.I do not know  how to use kickstarer,but i can pay in steam....."
,Recommended,435150,35036795,Posted: 17 September,all,Wild,"Christ, just buy it and play it already.PS: Buddy and Emmie are best dogs"
,Recommended,435150,34786549,Posted: 6 September,all,KEVCHARLIE,This company needs to make more games. Buy it!
76561198070972284,Recommended,435150,35356395,Posted: 30 September,all,Hobo who found a computer,"This is the natural progression of the TBRPG/tabletop game.baldur's gate, neverwinter nights, etc.this game takes the positives of all those and sheds itself of the cons.I played through the game, then i played through the game again, and half-way through my second playthrough, i already couldn't wait for my third playthrough. it's a great game and a great story."
76561198164258800,Recommended,435150,33890038,Posted: 29 July,all,chyrorsameror,so sad to see negatives being very bad done and just too personal but i really love this game and sebille best waifu ;)
,Recommended,435150,34848983,Posted: 9 September,all,Burning Is My Dad,Best RPG. EVER.
,Recommended,435150,35038065,Posted: 17 September,all,AVID Sion,"Right off the start, I'm a HUGE fan of Grim Dawn, endgame/newgame+ is the pacing I enjoy in isometric games and that and torchlight 2 is about the extent of my experience in these style games. but I thought I'd pick this up and try it since it received such rave reviews from pretty much everyone and the in-depth D&D style character development really stood out to me. BUT I could only get about an hour in before calling it quits, everything just happens soooooooooooooooo slow. I know it's personal preference but seriously warning people before buying this that you need to understand that the turn based aspect is emphasized a lot and so to someone coming off of a more fast paced, real-time isometric like Grim Dawn, etc, it might not be very satisfying as it just kind of feels like playing chess where you have a set of options and if you mess up you just want it to be over but it takes forever because it's turn based.Anyway I'm gonna recommend the game to anyone that doesn't feel a slight twinge of doubt in their stomach over those aspects because you're probably gonna love this game, even character creation felt weighty and dialogue was out of this world, the devs really put some work into this one and if you're not me you'll probably get a lot out of it."
76561198086031991,Recommended,435150,34950432,Posted: 14 September,all,skumleren,Jippies!
76561198055439141,Recommended,435150,30022487,Posted: 18 February,all,verto1011,Amazing cant wait for release
,Recommended,435150,35393923,Posted: 1 October,all,jd8386,Doing my part to get this game to overwhelmingly positive.
,Recommended,435150,34830115,Posted: 8 September,all,aDoorMouse,Best co-op RPG to date!
76561198064566869,Recommended,435150,34723053,Posted: 3 September,all,cooliefan47,Best early access game ive played so far cant wait for full release
,Recommended,435150,34835826,Posted: 9 September,all,boon,Co-op RPG done perfectly
76561198065041803,Recommended,435150,34722467,Posted: 3 September,all,BATTLES45,Awesome game!  10/10 IGN
76561198002695238,Recommended,435150,34754113,Posted: 5 September,all,Gromi The Cat  =^-^=,Not out and yet already so good
,Recommended,435150,34807785,Posted: 7 September,all,eodlamb,"just finished the first act, alot of fun, alot going on with the first act. the only down side is theres no clear direction on where to go or what to do with any of the quests. really you just run around and if the NPC outlevel you then your probably in the wrong spot. you also cant grind for levels, so at the end of act 1 the enemys are level 13 and you have the maximum achievable level of 8 or 9"
,Recommended,435150,35052910,Posted: 18 September,all,Duffman,11/10 game
76561198047367036,Recommended,435150,35052855,Posted: 18 September,all,n2adams,Love everything about this game.  Time flies by while playing it. I fully recomend this game and I don't normally post reviews but this game was worth it.
76561198054188591,Recommended,435150,35355870,Posted: 30 September,all,Garun,Me likey game.Likey play the game.
76561197979518475,Recommended,435150,35184580,Posted: 24 September,all,Edat,Love it 10/10
76561198045040653,Recommended,435150,35207925,Posted: 25 September,all,jj3fm,Great game
76561198007269307,Recommended,435150,34950230,Posted: 14 September,all,[SHD]SteelWarrior,"Almost done beating the game on Tactician mode with 3 player co-op.  The game overall is great, alot of the same stuff you loved in the first game with a few really good improvements to stuff that needed work.  The second half of the game is a problem though, feels like it was rushed to meet the release.  You can tell the sharp drop in quality as you leave Act 4.  Its disappointing but im still 65ish hours in and enjoying the game, so im still recommending it as a quality co-op expirence.  Hopefully Larian Studios can fire it a couple patches and bring up the quality of the second half and if they do we will have a real winner here."
,Recommended,435150,35297714,Posted: 29 September,all,SinMachine,Red headed Dwarf in FortJoy is mean but gots big bobs ;)10/10 would buy for the nice bobs.
,Recommended,435150,35075748,Posted: 19 September,all,Melgar,"I can't say much more than has already been said but this game is truly a mastercraft. If you have any twinge of interest in the role-playing/strategy genre, do yourself a favor and play this game. You will not be dissappointed."
76561197999216252,Recommended,435150,34985869,Posted: 15 September,all,"don ""ring-0"" suth",Ph ♥♥♥♥ this is good♥♥♥♥♥♥ im like a god. so good ♥♥♥♥
76561197984452108,Recommended,435150,35075544,Posted: 19 September,all,Raymond,"Just created my second character now that I have a better feel for the game, and I am loving it so far. Combat is great, the story and dialogue is all very well done and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. One of the best rpg games I have ever played (so far).My only complaint so far would maybe be the semi slow character movement in the overworld. But that's whatevs"
76561198002947538,Recommended,435150,34981039,Posted: 15 September,all,Beazl3y,Its fun and cool and stuff!
76561198036117978,Recommended,435150,34997202,Posted: 16 September,all,Ruinerrino,GREAT GAME 10/10
76561198277918589,Recommended,435150,34997244,Posted: 16 September,all,tridung13062,"Just buy the game. It's worth your money and it's worth the time you're going to spend on it.After 22 hours into the type of game I've never played before, I will say this again: BUY IT!"
76561197995377856,Recommended,435150,35020990,Posted: 17 September,all,Marilize Legajuana,After 28 Hours all i can say is BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
76561198007358261,Recommended,435150,34970249,Posted: 15 September,all,DoRaLEoUs,"I won't even bother to write a rewiev at this point, we all know and this is little said, that Larian did a very good job. I just feel very ashamed of the russian community and all other whiners downvoting this game just because they didn't  get first day localisation, crying like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥So i'll upvote and post real review after completing the game."
76561198002287438,Recommended,435150,34980870,Posted: 15 September,all,jonesmj,"The game looks great except for minor issues with the controller support.The character creation system looks good - seems a little more flexible than last time, by not requiring scaling point investment for skills and by using a memory system to determine max overall skill slots instead of having them individually granted by skills.  Also, the new polymorph line of skills is a lot fun.There's still a lot more focus on inventory management then I'd prefer and I've never understood the belief that clicking all over the place for garbage scattered about the ground is fun, but different strokes and all that.Combat seems great, which is a big draw for me.  There seem to be more skills which are party friendly than before, hopefully opening up a wider range of options and keeping melee party members able to interact more without having to be geared up for ele defense.Update: on the controller, the ""guard"" command delays your turn.  Weird design choice, but there you have it.The choice of using a custom character or a premade 'origin' character is nice, and I definitely like that all of the potential protagonists together serve as the cast of companion npcs - it seems like it will give the story good life.  They let you choose the class of each npc which joins you, which was a great design choice - rock solid combo of flexible gameplay and storyline depth for the npcs.Overall, great game with some minor launch buginess."
76561198304468026,Recommended,435150,34997505,Posted: 16 September,all,Bullseye Smyth,"At this stage, doesn't warrant a review.  Example: I've had three members involved in battle, while fourth just wanders round collecting stuff, NOT being involved in the battle- in the same battle area!  And, unfortunatrly,  the game suffers from some of the same annoying issues as the otiginal. I want to write a +ve review, so I'll wait. Just know that there are new kinks that need sorting, and old kinks that, I guess, never will be. Should you buy it? If you like this genre, then yes. But you already knew that."
76561198059970942,Recommended,435150,34969833,Posted: 15 September,all,Shillum,Proud to BE :)Belgium  !!!!!!!! roxxxx
76561197996143722,Recommended,435150,35020765,Posted: 17 September,all,Papumem,One of the best RPG games i've played recently
76561198026660528,Recommended,435150,34980803,Posted: 15 September,all,Chellios,"This is an excellent game, we have all been waiting for the continuation for so long. Thanks to the team of Larian Studios and Swen Vincke the founder and the man with great enthusiasm and optimism.In DOS2 just great music and the atmosphere, game induces on the memories of the times Balduras Gate you must definitely try this game."
76561198006422970,Recommended,435150,34788835,Posted: 6 September,all,timmyman,"it's great... You don't get the kind of games anymore that just land you on an island and just let you figure this mess out yourself! I actually had forgotten what that felt like. The difficulty gap is a bit annoying with the classic difficulty finding mysef reloading saves and trying to find better gear and leveling a bit more because all of a sudden an encounter will absolutely wipe you off the face of the earth and explorer difficulty is like playing with cheats. But it's in early access so they will probably sort that out aswell. Too much enviromental - i constantly find myself in battles where everything is just on fire, kind of overdoing that."
76561198069920814,Recommended,435150,34787886,Posted: 6 September,all,DrBez,"Love Dungeons and Dragons...?Love Turn based RPG's...?Love adventure games...?Loved Divinity Original Sin...?If you said YES to any of the following, then this game is for you....!I've poured a fair bit of time in this game and I got to admit, this game is addictive.Quick rundown of what I PERSONALLY thought of the game.PROS:Action packed with tons of class customisations.Difficulty is somewhat challenging.Puzzles are also fun.The game looks pretty.Sounds are crisp and will make you want to listen to the soundtrack too!The game encourages you to explore terrain and it can be rewarding.RPG elements in this game are astounding.CONS:The amount of customisation you can do to your character can be somewhat limited.The whole chatting amongst your party can feel awkward.OVERALL: This game is a must buy.  Especially if you love turn based RPG's.The soundtrack in the game is one of a kind and will leave you wanting more.IF you can get past the Character customisation on how they look, then say no more.You will spend lots of time tinkering with the different classes D:OS2 has to offer.The combat system is slick and feels very smooth compared to its predecessor."
,Recommended,435150,34788678,Posted: 6 September,all,Ripin3,"Definately one of the best turn based, story based strategy games out there and with the Game Master Update coming out with this game, a near limitless potential for roleplaying and setting up your own scenarios. It's basically D&D on the fly, and its fantastic. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,435150,32668337,Posted: 22 June,all,Captain_China,chinese please
76561198055858065,Recommended,435150,35206483,Posted: 25 September,all,SLAYER,>Pet Pal>able to tell dogs they're good boys>dogs love me>feels good man10/10 Will talk to every animal again
76561198091563407,Recommended,435150,35017425,Posted: 17 September,all,boy 1 chimp,dlab
,Recommended,435150,35022391,Posted: 17 September,all,Thres,doit
76561198008690665,Recommended,435150,35083462,Posted: 20 September,all,侠骨柔情瓦西里,"highly recommended,but we still long for Chinese!!!"
76561198067393348,Recommended,435150,35386981,Posted: 1 October,all,Kent,Neat game
,Recommended,435150,34823473,Posted: 8 September,all,The Bleeding Bread,"Things I learned from playing Divinity: Original Sin 2Don't use poison spells on contaminated frogs.I don't know what necrofire is, but somehow it's worse than regular fire.Don't steal things and leave stealth immediately after a successful theft.Don't stand up to thugs, even if it means saving an innocent life.Don't play cards with thug lords.Sometimes murder in broad daylight can be rewarding.More often, murder in broad daylight is a very bad idea.Yarrow is the scholar's mushroom.Avoid angering racist lizard slaver princes.Avoid angering vengeful escaped elf slaves viciously scarred by their master.No one would ever think putting a racist lizard slaver prince and vengeful escaped elf slave in the same party would be a good idea, but that fighter and rogue combination is hard to pass up.Moral of the story11/10 Would murder potential party members for enslaving the elven race againAddendumThere is much I have yet to learn. The Divine is Dead. Long Live the Divine!"
,Recommended,435150,34878641,Posted: 11 September,all,Dame Lena of Cuntbury,"Good game, 10/10 would sin again"
,Recommended,435150,34772168,Posted: 6 September,all,Fionor,"Before release:Already was in Love withDivinity: original Sin (Enhanced Edition)so this was must-have game. And i'm excited not only for campaign but (maybe even more) forGamemaster mode. Sometimes it's hard to gather people from all over country (or even abroad) to play custom RPG story (we've played Baldur's Gate but it was mostly know-it-all & go-there-do-that... all surprises and mystery was gone) and this is great way & opportunity.Somehow I know I won't be disappointed with this game...After release:All I hoped for and even more. This game is masterpeace among RPGs. Rich storylines, unprecedented freedom of action, enormous variety of skills and approaches.Nowadays it's common that game is straight-line of hotkey-events and cut-scenes. This one is exact opposite. It doesn't cry for attention and it let importatnt NPC die if you fail to take action (and it doesn't ruin the game... just alter story).Don't hesitate. Buy it before someone spoil it for you."
,Recommended,435150,34880690,Posted: 11 September,all,Senn,"Really love this game~~ Big fan!!but still need to say ""Chinese please!!"""
76561198043552341,Recommended,435150,35226533,Posted: 26 September,all,melansonjesse45,"RECOMMEND ON SALEThe Good:-Beautiful art design-character customization-99% voice acting, even for animals-soundtrack is memorable-playing with friends makes the experience 10x betterThe Meh:-Story is basic, feels forced-Origin characters feel forced and shallow with a couple exceptions-Illusion of choice.  A fair bit of railroading, but done in a way that most people wouldn't notice-Game can be unstable, with random CTD during dialog-Quests are unnecesarily vague in many cases.  I'm all for a game not holding my hand, forcing me to gather clues from reading journals, talking to people, etc., but for many quests I hit a wall, and lost interest in continuing, hoping to stumble upon the next step.-Crafting system is inefficient, and dated.The Bad:-Bugs galore, from quest-killers, dialog glitches, suicidal AI pathing, and quest log incoherence.-Combat system is clunky, sluggish, and punishes you for it's own flaws.-Unlike a truly freeform game like D&D tabletop, your choices are dictated by the parameters of the game architecture, rather than a human GM.  This makes predicting the outcome of almost any decision you make difficult, even if something makes sense.  Save-scum often, which isn't that fun, and breaks immersion.-No confirmation system in iventory management, crafting, or bartering.  This adds a level of difficulty in tedium that is unnecessary.  It's like having to make DEX checks while trading so you don't sell the wrong item.-Artificial difficulty curve that takes away from the overall experience of the story, which isn't so great to begin with.-Lazy storytelling that makes me feel like I'm playing a mediocre D&D game with a novice DM.Overall: 7/10I can understand why this game is getting so many accolades, but I feel that there needs to be more objective reviews out here.  I am enjoying the game, and do recommend it, but only because it is unique in a very important way: Couch Co-op.  It's one of a tiny handful of games that my wife and I can play together, and for that, we are both having fun despite the myriad flaws present.  Also, I admire Larian Studios' passion and dedication to their work, which seems a rare commodity in today's game industry.  After a few months of patches, it'll be even more worth it to pick up and try with friends."
76561198188533971,Recommended,435150,35405215,Posted: 1 October,all,Apajache,ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
,Recommended,435150,35407550,Posted: 2 October,all,1476676975162.jpg,JRPGBTFO
,Recommended,435150,25677957,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,PodHead,"-NO SPLIT SCREEN AVAILABLE-I bought this game the moment I saw it was out because I loved the first one. The split screen co-op available in Divinity Original Sin Enhanced Edition was amazing and was the main selling point for me. I was under the impression that this game included split screen co-op after all of the confirmations of co-op availability on their Steam page. Unfortuantely, after buying it, I found out it wasn't available. I understand the game is in Alpha, but it would've been nice to be notified of that kind of game-breaking downside. Please, please, PLEASE implement split screen co-op.Sincerely,A Huge Fan"
76561198159064462,Recommended,435150,34972929,Posted: 15 September,all,CrazyUnicorn,A gift from the gods
76561198363451694,Recommended,435150,30594848,Posted: 18 March,all,Full_Regalia,This is a very well polished and deep game. It’s clear that Larian went out of their way to develop this game. Also the marketing and monetization of thr game is very generous compared to greedy developer/publishers. In line with modern greedy practices they could have easily split some of the acts and sold separately as DLC or with a season pass. Also game master could have been sold as a DLC. Finally you notice they didn’t even go for full price.This game might not appeal to the masses because of the learning curve and the somehow old school gameplay but I’m glad that there are still developers like Larian out there in the gaming industry.
,Recommended,435150,35348723,Posted: 30 September,all,greencat48,goty
,Recommended,435150,35252890,Posted: 27 September,all,Flea Blorg,"its a really good game and most everything is just right about it. the only complaint i have so far is that its hard to level up early game, once you need to leave the island and you have everything either killed or completed its hard to level up"
76561198271572646,Recommended,435150,34919262,Posted: 13 September,all,JEFF WU,This is excatlly the game I've been waiting for.One of the best RPG(imo）since dragon age:origins and the witcher 2!CAN'T WAIT EXPLORE THE FULL GAME!!!!!!!
76561198038180405,Recommended,435150,34978561,Posted: 15 September,all,Winspector,No complaints. It is really the best fantasy RPG out there.
76561198008022058,Recommended,435150,34920019,Posted: 13 September,all,cd3377,Good gameplay mechanics and lots of options.
,Recommended,435150,35005715,Posted: 16 September,all,Xx Starlow xX,"honestly, this is the best RPG i've ever played"
76561198098777127,Recommended,435150,34914717,Posted: 13 September,all,Plunkz,"Love Larian. Love this series. This is what game developers should be striving to achieve. Not much more to say, really,"
,Recommended,435150,35226205,Posted: 26 September,all,yuhuilvlu,"It is really a fascinating RPG and many Chinese players love it. But we really need Chinese localization since there are lots of stories, choices, books and documents in the game. Reading in English is not easy for Chinese player. We just want to play and enjoy the game, not leaning complicated English. I really want to share this amazing game with my friends. So Chinese plz!"
,Recommended,435150,35415134,Posted: 2 October,all,1-800-273-8255,Ball. Ball!!! BALLLL?!?! BALL!
,Recommended,435150,35431263,Posted: 2 October,all,Olf,A thousand times yes.
76561198077648402,Recommended,435150,35472170,Posted: 4 October,all,Nicholas Fricke,so much depth
,Recommended,435150,33392366,Posted: 8 July,all,Vexar,"Start with Mage. Play a nice character, try to be helpful. Screw things up a little bit, but make friends. We eventually rally together and are now exploring.Make a Rogue. Kill the damn magisters, no talking. You a magister? You dead. Impress with brutality, make friends, also exploring now.Pros- Amazing game, sets a new bar for the genre.- Online and offline fun.- Future Game Master mode (D&D)Cons- It's not out for full release yet."
,Recommended,435150,34067103,Posted: 6 August,all,Bernie Sanders,I have not played a game that enthralled me this much since Dragon Age Origins. The character customization is very detailed and gives you the choices you need instead of multiple choices that confused and take away from the experience. Combat while difficult is extremely satisfying and rewarding.  Highly recomend this game to RPG fanatics.
,Recommended,435150,33638263,Posted: 18 July,all,Lord Morning Star,"By sheer luck I was browsing the store one day...and voila! Divinity 2 pops up... I could not believe it :DThe game is stellar - it carries on in the tradiiton of the previous titles and it outdoes them all. The story is very engaging and the flow of the game is natural. The graphics is superb. I cannot wait for the release of the complete game.Thank you, Steam! You guys gave me the best summer gift possible."
76561198087924073,Recommended,435150,33598995,Posted: 16 July,all,camntb,Worth the money for early access alone.
76561197995618228,Recommended,435150,33727568,Posted: 22 July,all,croco,Even in the beta the game provides hours upon hours of great content. Can only get that much better when fully released.
76561197972467920,Recommended,435150,33797847,Posted: 25 July,all,Squid,"I'm hugely impressed by what I've seen so far. There's so unbelieveably much to explore, experiment and entertain urselves with in this game. I've curently gotten more than 30 hours of gameplay out of the early access alone. And I havent even dipped into multiplayer yet.Firstly it must be said that this game has a fairly challenging learningcurve. You'r only given basic info, and there is no handholding. On top of that if you dont like reading this is not the game for you as there is no voiceacting and tooooons of dialogue, notes, books and other texts to plough through. if you have the patience for these hurdles what you'll get in return is amazing.So far the story does not seem to require any previous experience with Divinity: Original Sin 1 (D:OS1) or the lore of the world.The writing is believeable, and characters seem to have weight to them. as far as progressing through the world I have not run into any situation so far that didnt have at least 2-3 possible solutions, and the game never seems to have true failstates - if you ♥♥♥♥ up there's always a workaround.The turnbased combat system is easy to understand but manages to get really deep once you start comboing the elemental effects. setting up and executing strategies feels very rewarding.Some the clunky AI of your party members out of combat has been fix from D:OS1 to D:OS2. They now seem to mostly stay out of♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor. Generally the game feels less sluggish, which was my major issue with D:OS1.If you are new to RPGs and want to jump in at the deep end, go for it. If you are already a fan of RPGs this game is a must-buy!"
76561197992681922,Recommended,435150,33929099,Posted: 31 July,all,SirLogiC,"I played the beta a bit and you know I really like this.I could never get into D:OS 1. Trying to quantify why though is hard. I guess it felt too grindy, the game was too silly and maybe the UI was a bit too annoying.Anyway this has silly moments but is generally more serious. UI is really smooth now. More spells is fun. Combat is hard, but heavily influenced by gear/level. There is some brutal boss battles/encounters, also influenced by the combat AI wich is really quite good. Can really do some interesting things with certain spells and items too. Perhaps just move that barrier out of the way? Or carry that oil barrel around, never know when you will need it >.>Seeing that beta doesn't have 2 NPC party members makes me really want the release to come around. Pretty sure this is going to be a winner."
76561198037836106,Recommended,435150,34981579,Posted: 15 September,all,Bramblepelt,DOS 2 is easily the best RPG i've played in years. I fell in love with the combat and world-building during the early access period. But then Larian somehow went and voice acted the ENTIRE game. Calling this a masterpiece feels like an understatement. The sheer amount of interactions and possibilities are astounding. And now it's all professionally voiced!Just play it already.
76561198058720450,Recommended,435150,34869880,Posted: 10 September,all,Tuldric,I cannot recommend this game strongly enough.  Unquestionably a 10/10.
76561197972372957,Recommended,435150,35022064,Posted: 17 September,all,Tomasz79,"Did not plan to buy it, I don't play all that many rpg games (especially pure rpg) - but got influenced by all those ultra positive reviews.Well...Yea it does feel special, very well crafted, and so fun to play. I'm not forced to go one way and do one thing, I like this freedom so far. Fights are difficult, yet I can find meaningful ways to progress: improve both characters/equipment and my own understanding of battle complexity - and it makes a difference.After 11 hours I feel like there's a lot left to discover, I'm only at level 3 and I'm really eager and excited to continue.It's a gem of a game, well worth the full price and I very much recommend it!"
76561198403111690,Recommended,435150,35482708,Posted: 4 October,all,Kobe,"Typically I am not a RPG fan, not at all. But this game blew my mind.And never would I ever imagined I would spend so much time in a RPG game, this is the best game I have ever played and I believe many others have said that this game will go down as one of the greatest RPG ever created on PC.Within the first hour into the game I was already amazed by how much effort was put into the game. There are so many different dialog options and each is filled with distinct personality. Plus the voice acting is spot on, making the game even more alive. And the soundtrack, my god, sometimes I just let the game run in the background, just to listen to the melody of Rivellon.Compared to the mindless point and click real time combat in most of the top down RPG games, I find turn-base combat to be rather enjoyable, and challenging as well. You need to think about how to reach high grounds,  and spacing and how elements synergize with each other, etc. It never feels repetitive for me because everytime the combat scenarios are differernt and there are always countless ways to take on one, due to the variety of skills and classes.Story is worth praising as well. It gives you a goal to keep playing, lovable allies and sophisticated villans to care for, well written dialogs to think about and fantastic voice acting to cheer for. I can not ask for more.I love the decision making in this game. Who do you trust, who do you kill, even who do you fall in love with makes a difference in the plot. I just love it.Will sex Sebile again."
,Recommended,435150,34914829,Posted: 13 September,all,KillMyGameBoy,- Highly addictive- Infinite options on class building- Amazing story- Skeleton jokes12/10
76561198066306315,Recommended,435150,34953095,Posted: 14 September,all,Jawn,The character creation is cool. It's all I played.
76561198054464765,Recommended,435150,34954882,Posted: 14 September,all,gaw,Anti zerg rush review.
,Recommended,435150,34994915,Posted: 16 September,all,Pent,This is the perfect video game. Absolutely a steal at 45 dollars.
,Recommended,435150,35005638,Posted: 16 September,all,Not Z,"If you like isometric turn-based rpgs, why havent you bought this?"
,Recommended,435150,35007649,Posted: 16 September,all,ACanon,The voice acting is great and the game feels so polished.10/10
,Recommended,435150,35051143,Posted: 18 September,all,belasor,Great game. Havent had that much fun with a video game in ages!
,Recommended,435150,35488408,Posted: 5 October,all,Gopo™,A very good game but it can get a bit... complex.10/10 - Would talk again to every NPC in Fort Joy trying to figure out who I've sold my Teleportation Gloves to.
76561198032945386,Recommended,435150,35459951,Posted: 3 October,all,Firesyde,"Said I would stop playing at midnight, it's 3am and I have work in a few hours.Enough said.10/10"
76561198075249173,Recommended,435150,35482312,Posted: 4 October,all,SHUF,Have not beaten the game yet.Be prepare to hit the learning curve.Best 45$ i have ever spent.Not sure how this game will end but i can tell it will be epic.Most story rich game I have ever played.11/10
76561198007863077,Recommended,435150,35483015,Posted: 4 October,all,caw16,"Finally! This game scratches the RPG itch that I've had since vanilla WoW. 55 hours in and I only just finished the first starting area. I'll lay out the main points of this game, and if any of them sound like your cup of tea, then I strongly suggest you buy this game because you won't be disappointed.- RPG/Customization - You create a main character and get to choose from a number of other companions (up to 3). All of the characters in your party share experience, loot, and full player control. You can get weapons and armor, as well as many other crafting materials and random loot in the game world. You choose what skills your characters have (Do I want a battle-mage, a tanky melee fighter, a healer who can turn enemies into chickens, etc.) and switch out each piece of armor depending on how you want to roll them. The game is highly forgiving of mistakes when specializing your characters, so you have plenty of chances to respec.- Turn-Based Combat - This was my main worry in getting the game. I've never been big into hack-and-slash or CoD kind of games, but I was still concerned that the pace would be too slow. I found that the combat, while reasonably paced, holds so much interest in terms of what skills to use, how to interact with the environment, and where to place your players to gain the best advantages. So addicting. Strategizing could mean the difference between sending your players to a short and violent death, or a hilarious and satisfying win against the odds.- Fully Voiced Characters - Not a selling point for me necessarily, but it makes the game so much more immersive.- Very Challenging - I recommend starting with the ""Tactician"" game mode, which is the second hardest. It's a difficulty that will pit you against very smart AI enemies who will use every trick in the book to screw you over, and I love it.- Beautiful and Interesting Game World - Really a pleasure to see each new area. There are so many hidden quests and items if you really take the time to search each area. Looting is really exciting because you never know what type of gear you'll get, and it's actually relevant to making your characters stronger. Sometimes the difference between winning and losing a fight relies on just a few updated pieces of armor.- Choice - You decide what to do in this game for the most part. It's very much open-world, and the decisions that you make during conversations or in combat could have a real effect on your path.- Funny - From talking animals (who are quite helpful) to skill-combo surprises, I really enjoy the humor.If you made it this far, I recommend you buy the game and see for yourself. One of the best and most immersive games I've ever played."
,Recommended,435150,35486704,Posted: 4 October,all,CriCriX23,Buy this game if you love RPGs. This game is crack!
76561198028619700,Recommended,435150,35475642,Posted: 4 October,all,Discount Bologna,"I you liked the first one, buy this one.If you haven't played the first one, you should buy both."
,Recommended,435150,35481781,Posted: 4 October,all,Black Jack the Attack Yak,Please help. I'm not wearing pants. My skin is stuck to my mesh chair. I'm afraid to move. This game has sucked me in for way to many consecutive hours.
76561197993447371,Recommended,435150,35487529,Posted: 4 October,all,Atterus,"Amazing game... It's one of those games where after you finish it you have invested enough into a character you feel like you are betraying them by starting a new game.I love RPG's and typically not a isometric fan, but this is easily one of the best RPGs I've ever played."
76561198029880121,Recommended,435150,35027959,Posted: 17 September,all,Killtaro,"yO,♥♥♥♥♥♥S LiT FAm lmAO"
,Recommended,435150,35185978,Posted: 24 September,all,Phelerox,This game is stellar in every area. I could only nitpick on some quality of life things.
76561198049211110,Recommended,435150,25520676,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mjolnir1785,So far D:OS II is everything I could have hoped for several improvements on the first game and I'm looking forward to seeing more changes as they finish the overall game.I love the new races and the look of the game. I'm really enjoying the gameplay so far and I like the way the story is turning out.
76561198030089802,Recommended,435150,25521417,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lightress,"This game is off the chain.I LOVE,Love,did I say love the game.They took part one.And made it like ten times better.Good job guys."
,Recommended,435150,26407319,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SassyPants,"12 hours in the first chapter. Stable Alpha, same gold like we had in #1"
76561198064788005,Recommended,435150,26408863,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Octaven,Just. Good.
76561198057737119,Recommended,435150,26409528,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Morrow,"Wow so far playing early access, and the music is great, the sneakings of the story keep me intrigued.  Definitely appears to have a lot more direction than the first. Great graphics, and i can't wait to play with a large team."
76561198048137920,Recommended,435150,35319913,Posted: 29 September,all,Bruh,Do you like RPGS that let you do whatever and kill whomever you want? Do you like strategy? Yes? Buy it.
76561198080123467,Recommended,435150,34956194,Posted: 14 September,all,The Village Idiot,Perfection in a rpg. Better than fallout 4
76561198271769174,Recommended,435150,35323267,Posted: 29 September,all,Robgren,"It's like if BALDUR'S GATE married ULTIMA, and had an affair with FALLOUT and the three of them had a foursome with ELDER SCROLLS.This game is ruining my life. I literally have to force myself to refrain from seeing or hearing anything that is related to this game like hearing the word ""RPG"" or even ""Games"" to help me prIoritize the other aspects of my daily life, like work, food and even sleep.From the engaging companions and NPCs; dynamic quest system where you can solve any quest in multiple ways; to the very dense world and exploration; deep tactical battle system, a lot of role-playing mechanics; I could go on, this game is dense AF!If you want to be an irresponsible jerk like me... PLAY. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,435150,35250515,Posted: 27 September,all,Gudgey,I have to make up a lot of lies and excuses to people that I cant meet with them and cancel plans so i can sit in and play this game
76561198142011295,Recommended,435150,30634224,Posted: 20 March,all,Zinico,"I have to say, I'm very impressed with this alpha.I have some minoristic experience with the previous game crashing on my dads Xbone and getting cremed by a fire demon, and I have to say that coming to this game off of that one is suprisingly refreshing. The whole game is built up off of the original Dungeons and Dragons games like Baulders Gate, or if not it's errily similar. But the game has less complexities making it a good choice for bot veterans and new players. It is an old game brought to the new age like it should be.The game is real time while roaming the world but follows a turn based battle progression when you engage an enemy. Something interesting is the emphisis on enviorment and using your surroundings and gear to keep your foe in check. Attacks will honour line of sight and can hit a wall if you don't check the pathing of the attack. This applys to your foes as well, and with the plethora of effects and options, this game will test your stradigizing more than your endurance.But let that serve as a warning, too. Unless you're willing to invest the time into the game, you won't be going very far. There are no safety rails or training wheels. You will be placed at the mercy of the world with only your wits to keep you safe. There is value in every gold coin you can find, and armour isn't so expendable. This creates a unique value to everything you can procure, and leaves the final decision down to you whether your ready or not.This is a stradigy game in every sense of the word. And it's damn worth it. I alone sunk roughly 30 hours into what's avalibe here,As there's only one island to explore at the time of this review, and I didn't run into many bugs, which is suprising for an alpha. I'm very much looking forward to the complete game and, heck, even more of the alpha and inevitable beta.TLDR: iz good bran frid llots of strat 2016-2017"
76561197993633823,Recommended,435150,29113090,Posted: 8 January,all,Liina,"Absolutely amazing, immersive play. So many storylines, so many different options.. no playthrough will ever be the same. Can't wait for the full game to be out!"
76561198067676527,Recommended,435150,35213495,Posted: 25 September,all,stratovar,"Amazing game. It drives me to explore and do quests. The graphics, gameplay are both incredible.I played over a week and just got to level 6, so lots more to come."
,Recommended,435150,34977306,Posted: 15 September,all,Arcaniel,Best game ever.
76561197991047278,Recommended,435150,35004474,Posted: 16 September,all,JesusLvsU,"This is the best rpg I have ever played. It's meant to be played with other people, and I have had a blast!"
,Recommended,435150,35004271,Posted: 16 September,all,Finkledinkle,Honestly just a really good RPG.  Have't enjoyed an RPG this much since the first Mass Effect.
76561198019958237,Recommended,435150,35004428,Posted: 16 September,all,cpiper,Collecting the faces of my vict.. enemies 10/10
76561198011598043,Recommended,435150,34965006,Posted: 14 September,all,Ignius,10/10
76561198010329414,Recommended,435150,34827100,Posted: 8 September,all,DRONALD GRUMPF,well i spent 22 hours on 1/3 (???) of the game and I want to fugg the demon girl
76561198027578091,Recommended,435150,34977257,Posted: 15 September,all,ZeemaSixtySeven,"Improves on the Original Sin in every way, I game I will come back to again and again.Pros: No russian translation.Cons: I lost my cat."
,Recommended,435150,35004655,Posted: 16 September,all,Blero,Perfect.
76561197988845145,Recommended,435150,35079256,Posted: 20 September,all,Smilin Sloth,Sloth very much smile at this game
76561197993830189,Recommended,435150,35481922,Posted: 4 October,all,CelestialSlayer,"Mind blown. I look forward to each fight, each new discovery, each new piece of loot and each piece of humour. A true classic of the genre and a shining example of a game done well and priced to put other game companies to shame.True freedom to respec your character at anytime, so many ways to complete a mission, and an interesting story that is easy to followThis is without doubt the GOTY."
,Recommended,435150,35061790,Posted: 19 September,all,Drank,♥♥♥♥♥ lit
76561198024677183,Recommended,435150,35134579,Posted: 22 September,all,Orakel,A fantastic must have..  simply awesome
76561197993764237,Recommended,435150,35353212,Posted: 30 September,all,[Ť√]oROEchimaru,"wow, blown away. love the challenge and story!"
76561198029103550,Recommended,435150,35410668,Posted: 2 October,all,Mortal Wombat,"A must play, even for those like me, that have not dabbled too much in classic RPGs.Just amazing in every way."
,Recommended,435150,35491396,Posted: 5 October,all,ze.:,a new beginning of TRPG
76561198055649922,Recommended,435150,35493201,Posted: 5 October,all,Farsight Enclave,A good game from a good company. It's sad that's such a rare thing nowadays.
,Recommended,435150,35494303,Posted: 5 October,all,Vurrupoiss,Just adding another positive review to this awesome game to help it reach overwhelmingly positive.
,Recommended,435150,35411975,Posted: 2 October,all,Truger,simply awesomecan't wait for what comes next
76561198169197553,Recommended,435150,35058376,Posted: 18 September,all,christianpdiddy,Best steam game ever!
,Recommended,435150,35411963,Posted: 2 October,all,Asimov,Surprisingly excellent!
76561198031219770,Recommended,435150,35350141,Posted: 30 September,all,MeisseliMies,Definite recommendation from here - and I'm the kind of guy who typically hates these kinds of games... But now this masterpiece is my current favorite game.
,Recommended,435150,35411587,Posted: 2 October,all,simpledare,I've never been so immersed in RPGs before this game.
,Recommended,435150,35050934,Posted: 18 September,all,Anti-Fun­™ Activist,>Play a Skeleton Mage>Find milk>Drink milk>Damage immuneGame is too easy
,Recommended,435150,34648725,Posted: 31 August,all,dnagel84,"8/10.Reason why I don't give it a solid 10/10: VERY complex, unclear and overwhelming at times. There's so much detail in this game and so many options/choices that I often scratch my head and wonder ""WTH just happened?"".Dialogue can be very confusing and selecting what looks like a good dialogue option leads to a sudden fight where the whole map is attacking you. Definitely can't play this game through without frequent Quick Saves and Reloads in case you make one simple mistake that ruins your playthrough.Overall I love this game so far and I'm sure the final product will be outstanding. Maybe I just need to get used to the challenging level of detail and complexity the game offers."
,Recommended,435150,35011685,Posted: 16 September,all,Jardenon,"This game is amazaing and brilliant, but personally I don't find it immersive.I personally find that this game does not take itself seriously at all. it reminds you everywhere that you are in fact playing a game. From the ridiculous stylization of all the clothing your characters wear like so many god awful MMO's to the ridiculous overuse of flashy special effects used during combat.There is no warrior build in this game. what you have instead is a bunch of different flavors of magical super powers. every single attack is some showy ridiculous spectacle except your basic attack. I can almost hear the characters shouting thier attack names like you hear in 80's anime. Most might not mind this.  this is just somehting of a trend that has personally irked me for many years now. I think WoW started this nasty trend.but that's the weird thing. everything else is really damn good. The story keeps you wanting to find out more. The music is amazing. The battle system is insanely intricate with some really good AI. You can pick up almost anything and neatly put it back where you picked it up from. the graphics aside from what personall irks me are top notch, and beautiful."
76561198099098120,Recommended,435150,29155617,Posted: 9 January,all,Lord of the Grumps,Buy this game. Play this game. Play it more. Best RPG ever.
,Recommended,435150,31770340,Posted: 15 May,all,MrPuppy94,I did something naughty with Fane using my tibia.10/10 would have boney sex with Fane again.
76561198123207610,Recommended,435150,31771157,Posted: 15 May,all,Jeycii,Oh guys please... finish this from god sent game already!!! - it's simply AMAZING!
,Recommended,435150,34954737,Posted: 14 September,all,Barack H Obama,"Such B_Hurt from noskilled schoolboys who lacks knowledge of easy-to-learn international language.Enjoy every ""red"" post.Wish could pay more for this moment! 1024/10Waiting for linux edition though."
,Recommended,435150,25622050,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Guru,"Hey, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,435150,26451048,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Achilles,This game is going to win awards.
,Recommended,435150,29333477,Posted: 18 January,all,Sabotage,"Please, add russian language."
76561197963973496,Recommended,435150,25540388,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,Divinity: Original Sin     *GOTY 2014Divinity: Original Sin 2  EA *GOTY right meowDivinity: Original Sin 2 *GOTY 2017
,Recommended,435150,35215236,Posted: 25 September,all,Jin,gohan sucks
76561198014119819,Recommended,435150,34953511,Posted: 14 September,all,Warped,"No words to explain this game. Amazing, simply amazing if you like the genera you will 100% love this. Best buy of the year, worth every single euro. And also my social life."
,Recommended,435150,34983764,Posted: 15 September,all,DoctorWhomst'd,Had sex with a skeleton 10/10
,Recommended,435150,34974588,Posted: 15 September,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,Definitely the best RPG I've ever played
,Recommended,435150,34958148,Posted: 14 September,all,MetalStorm [∞],"Incredible game, if you like cRPGs or RPGs this is a must have. This type of quality in games is rare these days."
76561198175738770,Recommended,435150,35015977,Posted: 16 September,all,GingerDream89,"Ya'll some hoe♥♥♥♥♥nigerians if you don't get this shizzit. As a proud member of the Black Panthers, I gotta give this game 9 Bentley's out of 10."
76561198324849907,Recommended,435150,34921881,Posted: 13 September,all,Flaming_Waffles,My DOS2 Experience:-Installs game-Opens up character creation-Is confused why I cant choose undead-Realises it releases on the 14th-Decides to play game anyway-Makes a lizard dude who can turn people into chickens-Lizard dude walks about ship for 15 minutes before realising I had to go the the front of it to continue the story-Lizard dude trys to befriend the hot source chick but gets friend zoned immediatly-Source chick summons the kraken(?)-Lizard dude gets eaten by giant magical maggots-Decides to take a break-Comes back to game-Lizard dude gets eaten by giant magical maggots-Watches tutorial on combat-Kills maggots-Tells everyone to ♥♥♥♥ off and leaves on the life boat-Gets off boat-Decides to wait for Undead race to play further10/10 would get eaten by magical maggots again
,Recommended,435150,34949910,Posted: 14 September,all,Kiren,Really nothing negative about this game. I highly reccommend it.
,Recommended,435150,34969953,Posted: 15 September,all,drew_west,this game is a masterpiece
76561197993298340,Recommended,435150,34958333,Posted: 14 September,all,Serpico [Over 9000],"I have only played just about under 3 hours. I will say this though, it is ABSOLUTELY worth buying. The game is super fun and absolutely beautiful looking. You have so many options and there are so many things you can do. I am looking forward to putting in even more time on this. Larian knows wtf they are doing."
76561198053999294,Recommended,435150,34950981,Posted: 14 September,all,Cookie Rookie,"Amazing, must play."
,Recommended,435150,35161048,Posted: 23 September,all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,mMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMF
76561198232112448,Recommended,435150,31939147,Posted: 24 May,all,Butanis,awesome 10/10
,Recommended,435150,35245123,Posted: 27 September,all,se05239,"It is a pretty good game, to be honest.7/10."
76561198154786600,Recommended,435150,25812184,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Atia.Of.Julii,"One of the best games I have played in a long, long time.  And, this is just the early release!!  Amazing Job.    I am excited for the full release."
76561198018968066,Recommended,435150,25794773,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AjR,All the potential to be signficantly better than the first. Take the alpha with a grain of salt as it is still a framework in many places.
76561198008948371,Recommended,435150,31931774,Posted: 24 May,all,Kaldyr,I'm hooked!
,Recommended,435150,34954473,Posted: 14 September,all,Huskerr,Awesome game!
76561198090893249,Recommended,435150,35007411,Posted: 16 September,all,EatFreef,Utter isometric perfection
76561198133202593,Recommended,435150,34867947,Posted: 10 September,all,Bananeishon,the best thing i've found in steam10 / 10
,Recommended,435150,34975234,Posted: 15 September,all,Divine Ulti,"My deer god. Previous one was really good. And this is only better. Price may be a bit high to someone... but I believe its worth it.10/10, best RPG I ever saw."
,Recommended,435150,34914916,Posted: 13 September,all,Roz Stripe,Elf Boobs
,Recommended,435150,35488314,Posted: 5 October,all,DknSs7,"DONT WASTE UR TIME READING REVIEWS DUDES, GET THIS GAME NOW OR DIE"
76561198013819464,Recommended,435150,34966198,Posted: 15 September,all,Malaking,"Fantastic !  Buy it now, hours and hours of fun :)"
,Recommended,435150,25560209,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Abscolk the Infested,Even at this point in alpha this game is great. Love it so far.
,Recommended,435150,28520557,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dervisher,Game crashes before I can get anywhere. The 1st one was great and this ones much like the first but might not be worth getting at this moment untill the crash errors get a solution.
,Recommended,435150,34976626,Posted: 15 September,all,Bad Boy Brunch,No brainer if you are into RPGs.
76561197970625686,Recommended,435150,34987845,Posted: 15 September,all,IdleMind,yay fun! wheeeeee fun!  so goood.  Im happy.
76561197985095251,Recommended,435150,35024003,Posted: 17 September,all,Porch Monkey,I don't usually write reviews.. but wow Larian delivered.Full voice acting and gamepad support on day one. Steam link and XBONE controller from the couch the game is amazing!Great job! 10/10
76561198086502670,Recommended,435150,35023912,Posted: 17 September,all,?,Thank you Swen. Thank you Larian Studios.
,Recommended,435150,34951411,Posted: 14 September,all,Arasine,I approve of this game
,Recommended,435150,25552001,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,moje konto the ultimate b0i,"Needs a bit of work but it's still EA, buy it, if not now, later."
76561198043449693,Recommended,435150,25554293,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mad Dog,Better than the original which was already a 10/10 for me!
,Recommended,435150,34978109,Posted: 15 September,all,crustycuffs,The undead use their bony fingers as lockpicks. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,25685543,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,achmetha,The full game can't come soon enough.
76561198070177067,Recommended,435150,32101295,Posted: 31 May,all,Gem,"Couldn't climb the stairs, not enough intelligence."
,Recommended,435150,34992506,Posted: 16 September,all,Sagula,5/7
,Recommended,435150,34951700,Posted: 14 September,all,So fucking hard,"cool and good, and♥♥♥♥♥♥english:Ok review:from ~20h of ea (downloading full right now):1. interesting story and quests, at least on the level of not being typical patterns(unique, with coherent and often valuable rewards (and\or consequences))+more good hooks in writing, that make u go 'wow\that's cool', and being honestly interested how some story lines will play out in the end (prob. very personal impression).2. interesting combat system - new 'armor' is a very good addition to the very good div os 1 combat, both on gameplay level and characterization i.e. it does what armor is ""supposed"" to do > mage robes give blue magic armor that work like extra hp protecting against magic attacks and preventing magic statuses etc. (new armor doesn't feel so much like numbers). 'High\low ground' finally adds even more meaning to play with positioning of units (interesting in the same way as backstabbing and opportunist\flanking mechanic but for ranged units(and they had weak alternative prior))... A lot more to say on this topic, that was some of the personal highlights.+A lot of unique items\armor, and even basic upgrade of the same weapon\armor feels like it can change unit\team playstyle at least slightly)3. U can fight anyone(even seemingly untouchable story chars x5 ur lvl, and it wont break the game!), and there are a LOT of secrets. (its never not enough challenge if you want to) whats more this optional battles can give you really cool loot, and in some cases even unique loot (>>far better than Drizzt encounter, no offence))...This 3 reasons is enough for me to recommend the game based on them alone (heh). But honestly I wont finish describing all the things I like here even in an hour and so I will bring up an issue I dislike instead ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)1 main negative impression I have both with this game and its predecessor (massively overshadowed by positives esp. in this one) is that char. creation and progress\lvlup, even with talents, all this skills etc etc etc, feels undermined by being 'open' - its opposite of tight, and this makes you choices less relevant because you don't have to plan around ANY restrictions. Best explanation for what I thinks this system lacks is mod for 1st div os ""Epic Encounters"" (it mostly removes this problem for me, by making skills\talents and practically all aspects of char. progress more tight, were u need to make choices that are competitive with each other)"
,Recommended,435150,35118069,Posted: 21 September,all,THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF CHINA,I am 104 years old and this game has been the best way I've spent my time yet.
76561198024971163,Recommended,435150,34958190,Posted: 14 September,all,GreyHelix,Really fun multiplayer. Setting your friends on fire has never been better.
76561197977486204,Recommended,435150,34958669,Posted: 14 September,all,kevlockley,Just a quick positive review in an attempt to outweight all these negative ones from whiny russian squeakers
,Recommended,435150,34949798,Posted: 14 September,all,xKostyan,"Best RPG around, amount of freedom is a headache induscing."
76561197971938783,Recommended,435150,33164956,Posted: 2 July,all,ArSdEbLuE,"Kill everyone. EVERYONE! Sidenote, this game looks great...I wish the older games could look this good."
,Recommended,435150,35023909,Posted: 17 September,all,Chris,Chinese  version  PLZ!!!
,Recommended,435150,34982023,Posted: 15 September,all,jQuery,This atmosphere like 6-7 years ago but with modern graphics. True RPG with true story. So amazing game!
,Recommended,435150,34988969,Posted: 15 September,all,TopDek,damn boi this passed up pubg
,Recommended,435150,35167909,Posted: 23 September,all,I'm The Bonglord,Romancing Lizards
,Recommended,435150,34962611,Posted: 14 September,all,Zoey,If you have not bought buy now it is a ♥♥♥♥ing good RPG and they deserve your money to bring us more great experiences like this.
76561198037384691,Recommended,435150,34962663,Posted: 14 September,all,Huntokar,barely started playing and i can already tell this will be an amazing adventure.
,Recommended,435150,35240286,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr Chubby,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽつ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ.,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/ヽー-'人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ 人'彡)Posted 6 August."
76561197971037238,Recommended,435150,33090103,Posted: 1 July,all,Outhouse2,"So far, so good."
76561198018499894,Recommended,435150,35168425,Posted: 23 September,all,Cifyer,Hands down my game of the year. Just finished it. Buy it and be swept away by this masterpiece.
,Recommended,435150,28800539,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Haven,Literally cannot wait for this to be out of early access. Fantastic work so far
76561198241153798,Recommended,435150,34952755,Posted: 14 September,all,Catalu,Best game ever :D
76561198055438732,Recommended,435150,31759441,Posted: 14 May,all,[TML] Corncob,Fantastic!
76561197970641048,Recommended,435150,34747924,Posted: 4 September,all,mgall8961,re-rolled party 5 times in first 10 hours.  10/10
76561198080173564,Recommended,435150,35052758,Posted: 18 September,all,Emperor小风,The BEST RPG game I've played.
76561198097046204,Recommended,435150,35436810,Posted: 2 October,all,我在东北玩泥巴,Hope there will be a chinese version soon
76561198041743950,Recommended,435150,35090556,Posted: 20 September,all,Thoorstein,"A bull called me queer, 10/10 i lol'd."
,Recommended,435150,35089975,Posted: 20 September,all,Yokai,This is one of the best RPGs I've ever played. 100/10
76561197998542362,Recommended,435150,28482875,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Plebovsky,Great game.
76561198023376885,Recommended,435150,25836029,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Gamera,This is already a much better game than the first one.
,Recommended,435150,25873876,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Polimer Jones,Great Game
76561198031009445,Recommended,435150,26123425,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,zcxubupt,chinese please
,Recommended,435150,31891803,Posted: 21 May,all,XaleVIII,"Minor bugs that are easy to fix, looking forward to the finished work!"
76561198000460766,Recommended,435150,34954120,Posted: 14 September,all,TTV/Xordania,Swen is my hero.
,Recommended,435150,34994605,Posted: 16 September,all,med0w,Great game by a great team! Really the kind of adventure that can take any turn at any time
,Recommended,435150,35005278,Posted: 16 September,all,Warlord_Mace,Great game. Love the GM mode.
,Recommended,435150,31815929,Posted: 17 May,all,Hidden Inside,"TLDR: Shaping up like a GOTY 2017 contender. At least an 8-9/10.Full version:Amazing magic system, which just got better with addition of two extra schools of magic.Combat is at its finest it has ever been: ARMOR IS USEFULL! For once you want all the armor you can get your hands on (compared to say OS, where armor was close to worthless and many talents, like say 'give +3 armor per warrior training' were literally useless garbage). since it will block harmfull effects if your defences still hold.Now i havent played all of the early access, because i dont want to spoil myself the fun on full release, but if the rest of the game is just like Fort Joy (starting location), its gonna be amazing and an easy contender to the GOTY.The 'tabletop' mode im not so happy about. Roleplaying is mostly about just that - roleplaying, not killing mobs in endless waves. When you are playing pnp adventures you can do anything - limited by your creativity (from position of DM), so why instead of having an hour of amazing adventures have an hour of mindlessly killing stuff is beyond me."
76561198388543268,Recommended,435150,34919511,Posted: 13 September,all,Solidade,why are you looking at this instead of playing this perfect masterpiece of a game?
,Recommended,435150,34954217,Posted: 14 September,all,SI JAMPANG,This game is Great !!!
76561198145042174,Recommended,435150,34914246,Posted: 12 September,all,zxc,WE NEED CHINESE! 3Q
,Recommended,435150,26363779,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"Good Game, and also I am very recommand people who like to play RPG games."
76561198030217321,Recommended,435150,35288210,Posted: 29 September,all,Pua,"Let's get straight to the pointStay away from the game if:-You are a really big fan of Real-Time Rpgs and hate Turn based combat-You prefer reaction/reflexes over thinking how to get past and kill your enemies-You prefer the game holding your hand when in comes to quests-Linear quests is your cup of tea-You prefer first person perspective, or third person perspective over isometricPlease watch some gameplay videos before purchasing and see to it that you like it. Watch both positive and negative perspectives of youtubers.Bugs:I've only encountered 1 bug so far and that is almost at the end where Cursed skeletal reptilians keep on respawning due to cursed fire stucked on the wall. Also, the journal not updating when it's finished doesn't bug me at all. Keep in mind that there's only a handful of quests that are like this. They're all also side quests and you still get exp it only breaks your immersion.Camera and Gameplay:-Camera gives you a somewhat awkward feeling at the start of a new game because of the enclosed space in the ship and how little you can see when it comes to small corridors although later in the game you will barely notice it anymore.-Going pure melee or magic damage makes the game easier. This is why build a team of whatever style you prefer. Like everyone said, any build is viable as long as your armor, weapons and accessories are the same or a few levels lower than your level. I'm on classic mode and my team composition consists of a tank, ranger, rogue, and a mage.-The combat will feel repetitive if you want to get the quests/story done so I recommend you to play within your peak hours, times when you don't feel tired and you feel active.-There are tons of skills and you can receive skills from personal quests and by simply eating body parts. You are not limited by skill books-The armor system is fine with me instead of relying by a percentage and hoping the status effect will apply to your enemy. This way you can plan much further and you will not be limited by chance.For the newcomers here are some tips:-Lucky Charm, Bartering, Persuasion are also your best friend.-You only need level 1 Loremaster while you are still in Act 1.-Wits and Initiative moves you up your turn. You can even move twice in a row.Please don't ruin this game's reputation over pointless problems such as downvoting the game because of its turn based combat and not getting through the tutorial area, getting stun locked, or simply not having the first turn in combat and having to wait to the last of the line to act.It's these kinds of games that makes major game developers work their hardest to make games that are worthy of game of the year instead of releasing and milking the same game/franchise every year. Instead of leaving a bad review just refund the game and play whatever game you want because the people that love this game actually want the video game market to change."
,Recommended,435150,35128489,Posted: 22 September,all,Pinkspring,"On the one hand, this is an extremely fun game.On the other hand, this is an extremely frustrating game. It's broken, many mobs and quests will bug out. It is -extremely- easy to ruin your entire game by getting rid of items you didnt know you needed 6 hours later.In addition, the difficulty is indeed high. Unfairly high, I should say. Particularly in act 2, you will routinely run into fights you simply can not win.If you like a challenge, or don't mind playing on easy, buy Divinity 2, as it is easily one of the best RPG's ever made.But if my description puts you off, then this game is probably not for you."
76561198059922072,Recommended,435150,35491673,Posted: 5 October,all,Spiders.Spidersonyourface,Give all of the animal voice actors oscars please
76561198005512478,Recommended,435150,35491584,Posted: 5 October,all,Shazam!,Only downside is that I can't settle on what character I want to play as their are too many fun options.
,Recommended,435150,35259380,Posted: 28 September,all,2 Much Source 4 Me,-Gym in the morning-Go to school-Draw everyday-Eat healthy-Wait at a sushi place-Make love to my wife-This is the list of things I did before I bought this game-
,Recommended,435150,35488585,Posted: 5 October,all,Dekomori ♥,Ive bought this game for 5 of my mates.Just so I can convince them to attack Shriekers.Good times.
,Recommended,435150,26410501,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gufumpsie,"nice♥♥♥♥♥♥dude, people need to make more, i like it, 10/10 would recommend"
76561198143422905,Recommended,435150,35125825,Posted: 22 September,all,AnimeBird,Got killed by the first enemy.
,Recommended,435150,34687302,Posted: 2 September,all,Clavicus Vile,Fun.
,Recommended,435150,31898017,Posted: 22 May,all,Commane,"Dying for more. Act 1 was very challenging, and incredibly rewarding. There's just so much in this game, I kept finding more and more. Can't wait to see the rest of this game finished."
76561198027038532,Recommended,435150,35500060,Posted: 5 October,all,Lord Tiltington,♥♥♥♥ this game. Momma bear died ;(
76561198067665184,Recommended,435150,34979930,Posted: 15 September,all,Souma,This game is amazing. I played it through a couple times while it was in EA and I've got two sessions going in the full game. The RPG elements are top notch and through the game master mode it has endless replayability.
,Recommended,435150,25561440,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DevDesigner,Looking good so far! :)
76561198083060022,Recommended,435150,26590941,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Russell Murfee,"I do enjoy this game, as I did the last game.However, I feel the lack of any direction to be disturbing. The game doesn't tell you where to go or what to do, it doesn't give you any feedback as far as quest progression without opening the log book and reading. There's no indicators on screen to tell you where to go for your quest.I have the game on normal and in the first area I get killed by everything, even though most of it is my level or 1 higher.The game is certainly on track to be awesome, just like the last one. I just wish they'd fix these minor issues."
,Recommended,435150,31942088,Posted: 24 May,all,mogreturns,"Everything that made the first Divinity awesome times ten, maybe even better than that . The only early access game i would recomend buying, this developer has been nothing but a shining example for how early access games are supposed to be handled."
,Recommended,435150,31942554,Posted: 24 May,all,Grandma,"Amazing game, brilliantly made"
76561198165150644,Recommended,435150,32010762,Posted: 27 May,all,NotMyu,this game cost 160 dollars for me cause my os wasnt compatable and i had to buy win 10besides that this game is pretty good
,Recommended,435150,26023373,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Rin,"This is fun with friends, im not much of a solo player haha. me and my friends, he is adding up stats, i hit him, he burns me to death :D."
,Recommended,435150,29304554,Posted: 16 January,all,~Driver[DM]~,Awesome game already now! Looking for fully voiced and Russian subtitles as it was in DoS 1.
76561198009515742,Recommended,435150,29314954,Posted: 17 January,all,Rorschach,"So i just beat what there was of the game, followed somthing of the script for my character. Backround specific line choices. i only got to level 7 but over all i realy enjoyed it. i think its headed in the right direction. I did notice quite a few glitches but hey its hella early. I cant wait for them to flush out the game. Now that i beat it, with out ever recruiting some one to my party. i think ill do some multiplayer and carry some fools."
,Recommended,435150,32081546,Posted: 31 May,all,JOWL,"While i've only played for a little bit, so far, I'm in love already.I loved the first in the series as well.The art style, mmmmmmmmmph, so good. Such a refreshing art style. Shout out to the art team, you guys / girls rock."
76561198037264953,Recommended,435150,33140730,Posted: 2 July,all,Phegis Rillbin,"i love this game, it's tough but fair."
76561197988582262,Recommended,435150,33041476,Posted: 30 June,all,Côtelette de porc,awesome game
76561198020642684,Recommended,435150,25760849,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Toast,Great Game.
,Recommended,435150,27522801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Karyu,"It's been two games, and I still don't know what to do with all these shells"
,Recommended,435150,25789315,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Glashtin,"Great selection of character creation and development, one of the best RPG i have played"
76561197993666152,Recommended,435150,25790234,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Toad,Good Game ...
76561197989056592,Recommended,435150,25793308,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Hurricane of Fail,"Wonderful game, great MCC and development"
76561198036726811,Recommended,435150,27516361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[GB] Nat,So far so good.
,Recommended,435150,26554524,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Owoc,Truly impressive.
,Recommended,435150,33805066,Posted: 26 July,all,Memelord,Looking forward to the full release! GJ Larian! very fun game
76561198020068664,Recommended,435150,33868449,Posted: 28 July,all,AK Ichy47z,"Absolutely love this game. Amazing tactical mechanics, great storytelling, and interesting classes and character customization."
76561198015975251,Recommended,435150,25545396,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Seriasssam (youtube),"Its a fabulous game, expecially fun when played with friends. A great throwback to the old original goodie, Divinity: Original Sin 1, with some improvements on top of it and many more to come Im to assume. For an Alpha it almost feels like a fully complete game already.If you want to see how much fun it can be, my mate and I are doing a lets play of it on my channel here:https://youtu.be/bM_tC_zzJM0"
,Recommended,435150,25580307,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Betty Brownhole,1. Tactical Retreat on the map edges.2. Wondering what happens when I consume a soul jar.3. NPCs suddenly getting amnesia after using another character during dialogues.4. Quest markers?????10/10
76561198120727356,Recommended,435150,30503137,Posted: 13 March,all,Righteous Panda,"so far so good, great looking game, just got throught the first act. Has been very enjoyable so far. can't wait to see what is next. One major suggestion would be to allow for cosmetic customization (but also don't reduce the variation in armor as it is really nice to have). Sometimes you have to pick an assortment of armor and it looks fairly disjunct, but otherwise the game is really good. The variations in weapons are nice. The visuals are much improved upon since the first game. cutomizability is much better. there is much more variance in spells and loadout. I just hope it continues on the pathway it is already on.some major stopping points: game has a tendency to crash suddenly or when you are loading a save while playing, but as it is early access, i can forgive some of that as it doesn't generally interfere with regular gameplay. The questing tab is a little difficult to decipher as you do not know which quests are major and minor, can be a bit annoying to look through all the quests to determine which one likely pertains to the main quest. I honestly ended up just stumbling upon much of the quest line as I explored. Though i do like this non linear format as you can explore anywhere as long as you can handle the combat.My suggestion,  if you don't mind being a part of the EA experience pick this game up, it will be a keeper as was its predecessor. Others should likely wait as the story is not yet finished and you will have to come back for the other chapters of the game anyway if you buy it now."
76561198015531904,Recommended,435150,29676142,Posted: 3 February,all,demon,Looks good keep it up
76561198043169196,Recommended,435150,25656605,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Flashback,Amazingly fun
,Recommended,435150,29770087,Posted: 7 February,all,Sneater,"I really loved this game for what has been added so far.  Chapter 1 was really fun and interesting, so much so that I played it 3 times.  This is also one of the first ever Turn-based game I've played, and I loved it surprisingly enough.I can't wait to see chapter 2, I will probably replay all of chapter 1 just to make sure I didn't miss a thing.  I am so happy two Twitch streamers led me to paly this game.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who has the patience for it.  It can be frustrating at some moments.  Just make sure you don't rush head first into every situation 3-4 times expecting the outcome to change."
76561198149211276,Recommended,435150,34047156,Posted: 5 August,all,slobax22,"Still in beta and i have not play the finish game, but so far the game is great.Fights can be hard, but they are not impossible. If you can't beat it, then try another path or go get some experience elsewhere."
,Recommended,435150,34079133,Posted: 7 August,all,GammaBoom,Best game ever
76561198094786022,Recommended,435150,33987033,Posted: 3 August,all,Von Harley,An amazing sequel to the first game. With so many diverging paths to follow you can play the game so many times and still do something different. Unlike the first game that devided your attention between two different starting characters you instead start with one sole character and then build your 4 person party from there. Or if your feeling particularly bold you can try going it alone ;).
76561198406124338,Recommended,435150,34261959,Posted: 15 August,all,Swordsaint,"pretty great game and all, but when are they going to fix the permanent status bug??? every time i cast rain there is a 50/50 chance one of my characters is going to be wet...PERMANENTLY!!!! theres been a bunch of updates and fixes, and i know theyre about to release the game on september...but please fix this, its ♥♥♥♥ing annoying."
,Recommended,435150,28017075,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JohnnyAppleSeed,"is a great turn based rpg that i hope lives up to its predicecure, needs a more sutable multiplayer. I found most players to quit and never join back so if this review helped anybody and they need an extra player for the multiplayer just let me know."
76561198021401337,Recommended,435150,34650733,Posted: 31 August,all,Zombie Hunter,Is it suppose to be laggy? iono I can play pillars and witcher 3 with no lag but there is lag in solo playEdit. I actually figured out what was wrong. Man the fanboys getting all mad. lol
76561198027211316,Recommended,435150,34675558,Posted: 1 September,all,aCid,"9.8/10 hands down, I may give it a 10 but have yet to get to play the full version. However, This game is amazing, I love all the tactical strategies that you can make depending on party make up and types of magic used. This game truely incorporates individual choice in play style, which is great for team building and the Dungeon creation is sure to give me many more hours of game time after I complete the main story."
76561197991033396,Recommended,435150,34672495,Posted: 1 September,all,"Griffith, the Spooky Skeleton",Yeah its pretty good. I love that it takes itself much more seriously than the last game.
76561198091601192,Recommended,435150,34599334,Posted: 29 August,all,FarSolar,I loved the first game and this one seems to be an improvement on that one in every aspect.
76561198006607759,Recommended,435150,34089404,Posted: 7 August,all,ihateshaman,"Can't reccomend this game enough. If you're new to the genre, give it a try. If you don't like it, refund it. I guarantee you won't."
76561198004275416,Recommended,435150,32094526,Posted: 31 May,all,Deadreckoning,Early access review......Game needs some serious balancing....as the AI (Mages especially) can crowd control your whole team until your dead. This is not fun....there needs to be some kind of diminishing returns on stuns.
76561198037432907,Recommended,435150,34561192,Posted: 28 August,all,Seshy96,yeet
76561198026932461,Recommended,435150,34561211,Posted: 28 August,all,illich,10/10 rpg best since baldur's gate era
76561198012221691,Recommended,435150,34966112,Posted: 15 September,all,^6whoup?!,"If you want an intelligently written story with actual meaningful branching decision paths, and a thought provoking combat system, this game is a must own. (useful tip - set rotate camera right to E, and rotate camera left to Q in key bindings)"
76561198055506559,Recommended,435150,26824028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phantom,good game
,Recommended,435150,34952885,Posted: 14 September,all,aranoxx,Just loving it... nuff said :)
,Recommended,435150,34952036,Posted: 14 September,all,Simolie,Finally!! The best game ever!
,Recommended,435150,34964479,Posted: 14 September,all,kyllebylle,It's good! It's so damn good!
76561198041430441,Recommended,435150,34964506,Posted: 14 September,all,sb014p2910,Great game
76561198071095683,Recommended,435150,25767201,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,portgamatheus,"I really loved this game,what i want now is to play as a undead xD"
76561198105733545,Recommended,435150,25771024,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Alexmc,This a fun game. I had never seen any of the other Divinty games yet i decided to get this one. It was a bit hard to get started yet I soon got the hang of the combat and overall feel for the game.So overall 10/10 would die multiple times again.
76561198041585588,Recommended,435150,34964292,Posted: 14 September,all,Sillykitty,Game good.
,Recommended,435150,34961738,Posted: 14 September,all,Rassweiler,Brilliant improvement from previous brilliant game.
,Recommended,435150,34976520,Posted: 15 September,all,Cosmic Owl,"Everything that you want in a true RPG is right here.All of your skills an abilities affect the environment and the social gameworld, not just combat. When creating a character you have to take 100's of aspects into considereation. When I spend an hour in the character creater and I am thinking about what type of personality I will be sticking with for the rest of the game, I know that I have found a gem.Please buy this game, support the devs and allow them to keep making more."
,Recommended,435150,34978098,Posted: 15 September,all,Pixelica,"14 Sep, 2017 is my birthday, I'm so happy."
76561198260029961,Recommended,435150,35034251,Posted: 17 September,all,heavylegs,"Yo dogwhat if i were to tell you can play as a skeleton who can grow wings and fly over to enemies and make it rain blood.what if i were to tell you you can then convert the blood into poision.what if i were to tell you that posion not only heals you but also screws over enemys.what if i were to tell you that then you can light the poison with fire causing area nukage.10/10, would bone again."
76561197976395147,Recommended,435150,35022682,Posted: 17 September,all,Silver,"This is a wonderful game, and I'm glad I can now fully recommend it.My only reason to previously not recommend this game was saves loading slowly and crashing the game. A working fix for this was released the 1st workday following the release. This is better than many other studios. Respect for that, and a positive review.WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!!!My original review is visible below:I was really looking forward to this game.Sadly, I cannot recommend the game in its current state.After leaving the Fort Joy and spending some time in the marshes, I've started having game crashes every time I load the game while playing.I'll be playing, try some tactic out against an encounter, notice it didn't work, f8 to load the last quicksave and poof, game has crashed. In this state the game is unplayable. I'm not enjoying this."
,Recommended,435150,35035987,Posted: 17 September,all,Kvick3n,Hands down one of the best RPGs I've ever played.
,Recommended,435150,35036030,Posted: 17 September,all,Sunder,"Now, this is THE rpg I can enjoy...There is too many pros to enumerate and all cons are knit pickins not worth even noting.Are you looking for an RPG to play? Then your search is over."
76561198046693151,Recommended,435150,34991076,Posted: 16 September,all,Umberbeast,"Day 1= A+ so far!Day 4= Almost my favorite game of all time,stay tuned!"
,Recommended,435150,34951625,Posted: 14 September,all,Riouxthless,Closest any game has come to the freedom of dnd for me.
76561197960401021,Recommended,435150,35093417,Posted: 20 September,all,braindead,20 hours in amazing game!
,Recommended,435150,35171308,Posted: 23 September,all,Raynor,"we need chinese, thanks我们需要中文，谢谢"
76561198088776362,Recommended,435150,34960628,Posted: 14 September,all,Draconis,"I launched an RPG in 2017 and saw that I could actually customize my character, and I was thrilled to learn that The Witcher 3 did not set the low-bar for the future of RPGs.-extensive and insanely complicated character creation on par with the glory days of Baldur's Gate.-Absolutely goregeous graphics that are much more detailed and much less cartoony than Original Sin 1.-A beautiful main menu theme song has me anticipating more great music despite the fact that it does not come from Kirill Pokrovsky, may he rest in peace.-Gameplay is much closer in design to traditional AD&D rather than Original Sin 1's unique system, which is also very exciting.-I'm glad I waited for the full release and didn't play early access, because I think I'm already addicted to it and now I know I won't have to stop a quarter of the way through the story."
76561198146044885,Recommended,435150,35186569,Posted: 24 September,all,ArbitraryLines,I accidentally initiated male on male skeleton coitus. 10/10 would perform the Yuthul Gor split for my skeleton partner again
,Recommended,435150,35181264,Posted: 24 September,all,MERCYKILLER1,"played for a bit, seems ok"
76561197982848195,Recommended,435150,28292938,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mega,Good
76561198310405256,Recommended,435150,35196668,Posted: 24 September,all,guy,One of the best things in a while
76561198063296868,Recommended,435150,35196429,Posted: 24 September,all,bigbaddbag,amazing game might be the best rpg for 2017
,Recommended,435150,35196542,Posted: 24 September,all,sastott78,wow
76561197999338064,Recommended,435150,35200535,Posted: 25 September,all,Monarkh,Game of the year.
76561198007047071,Recommended,435150,35140558,Posted: 22 September,all,Jonus,If you liked the first one you'll like this one. It is an improvment in almost all respects.
76561198133003995,Recommended,435150,35164697,Posted: 23 September,all,Crippling Depression,Not bad
,Recommended,435150,35165945,Posted: 23 September,all,laddins,"Its basically D&D just on the PC. There is not a single thing I don't like about this game, it's way better than the first one and the first one was already really good. If you enjoy pen and paper games and/or role-playing games in bed or PC, you should get this one."
76561197971483969,Recommended,435150,35165796,Posted: 23 September,all,no step on snek,B O I
,Recommended,435150,35165556,Posted: 23 September,all,DanBaba,"Great RPG, especially with friends. YOU NEED to start a new game with friends though... but this is half the fun to play through with the same friends."
76561198051550666,Recommended,435150,35165689,Posted: 23 September,all,BONANZA,"Get it and play it, there's nothing to wait for"
76561198006011543,Recommended,435150,35165784,Posted: 23 September,all,Centaurownz,I love this game it's amazing I recommend you get a friend a play it together.Contender for best game of the year 2017 in my oppinion
,Recommended,435150,35165952,Posted: 23 September,all,Mr Plops,"Really great.  The only thing I dont like is the crafting because it seems like there isn't anything really powerful you can make until the end of the game.  I still give it 5 stars though.  Has to be the best dialog of any game I ever played.  Great gameplay, graphics, and music too.  I totally recomend it."
76561198039338162,Recommended,435150,34987496,Posted: 15 September,all,Mysrock,"9,5/10. GOTY."
,Recommended,435150,30946322,Posted: 4 April,all,parkourdude91,sick game
76561198071660164,Recommended,435150,34988214,Posted: 15 September,all,shaidr733,Great.
76561198349404854,Recommended,435150,34987705,Posted: 15 September,all,索雨,It's very good game . But I can't read one of dialog without dictionary . I love this very much .So . Translate this game into chinese plz.plz plz plzzzzzzzzzzz
76561197967000085,Recommended,435150,34989550,Posted: 15 September,all,Zoss,"This is the most best RPG ever since I played Neverwinter nights series back in when I was highschool kid! I'am so amazed with every single aspect in this game. It is not exact same class system nor spells or stats system in Neverwinter nights, but It's equally fun with different but similar. also I love multiplayer and pvp and Game Master Mode! If you really want experience real Role Play, with so much freedom with depth of game.. GET THIS GAME NOW! 0% Regret!"
76561198067655146,Recommended,435150,33772181,Posted: 24 July,all,hindel1313,It doesn't suck.
,Recommended,435150,34989129,Posted: 15 September,all,Setwar,Definitely the best game I have played in many years. Turn based fantasy games are my favorite genre.  This game is very polished and has tons of replay value!
76561198121330290,Recommended,435150,25892645,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,fayt098,like the game so for. theres some bug in the game but it's early access so thats to be expected. only thing i think is there should be romance with diverse npc characters. and more voice overs. cant wait for the full game.
,Recommended,435150,25939224,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The True Meaning of Christmas,Swen can I have your baby?
76561198100292226,Recommended,435150,33940411,Posted: 31 July,all,Dondu,"when you're going stealth and became a stone, yet no one notice a moving bolder, wtf"
76561198244896280,Recommended,435150,34988834,Posted: 15 September,all,Nathwrath,Great game many features but i want to get the armor of the enemies
,Recommended,435150,25584824,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,maester_ikari,Great game for early access can't wait till full game is released
,Recommended,435150,33966609,Posted: 2 August,all,Wolf K,It's so beautifully crafted and fun.  I cannot wait for the game to fully release.  PLEASE I NEED IT
76561198056352094,Recommended,435150,25585038,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CriSpi.Xvw,pretty damn good
76561198209492257,Recommended,435150,34988887,Posted: 15 September,all,Quebbs,First game in a while i look forward to playing!
,Recommended,435150,34898607,Posted: 12 September,all,Profile Name,"Great game, great story, great combat.Managed to get 4 player local co-op working so that was super cool.2 people per computer. second computer in steam offline mode. worked flawlessly."
,Recommended,435150,34988529,Posted: 15 September,all,Mogrin,good game
,Recommended,435150,32231909,Posted: 6 June,all,Kay K Kay,"from the new battle mechanics, customization screen, story line, pacing, interaction, to the smallest details in the world, Larian Studios has completely surpassed its predecessor in the first act with flying colors so far. If you played the first origianl sin, you are gonna love this sequel, it just does everything better. This is how games are suppose to be, not taking away mechanics, but adding more to it. two thumbs up but if i had more arms they would have a thumbs up. Fantastic game"
76561197967725373,Recommended,435150,35001481,Posted: 16 September,all,stixx214,"What an amazing game, this is what you get when developers truly care about a project. Divinity holds a special place with my SO and I as it is the first real game we played together and helped me introduce her to gaming, needless to say the bar was set incredibly high and I almost felt bad for larian studios having to live up to the origional for us both. There is so much content, rich story lines and beautiful textures. If you haven't played a Divinity game, here you go, this is the one, you don't need to have played it's predecessor. +9000 points for developing local coop with controller support for PC!!!!"
76561198051878459,Recommended,435150,35027035,Posted: 17 September,all,Yolocaust,You can talk to dogs .10/10
,Recommended,435150,35027338,Posted: 17 September,all,Admiral Meowmers,This game builds upon all of the amazing qualities that made the first Divinity so great - my fiancee and I have put almost 20 hours into the story so far and we feel like we've barely scratched the surface! Another great game from Larian studios
,Recommended,435150,34995665,Posted: 16 September,all,Minibrox,"I loved Divinity: Original Sin 1. There are very few rpg games that involve great puzzles, very funny conversations, seemingly endless story with infinite variationsand so great character building. Divinity Original Sin 1 had it all. So far Divinity Original Sin 2 seems to be just as great, and maybe even better."
76561198060661118,Recommended,435150,35040634,Posted: 18 September,all,Danny Deluxe,NUT! Enough said...
,Recommended,435150,35040442,Posted: 18 September,all,Erected Ponylover58,"Steal 1 nail by accident, trader comes ask questions... deny everything. You get caught and start a fight. Whole city VS. me and my friend. Kill everyone even your 1 ally by accident because why not? Loot everything and leave. Would steal nail again.+Awesome graphics+Wonderful voice acting+Combat... oh my god+music very good too-camera is annoying sometimes-Shift+TAB don't work propely ;_;STILL Recommend buy this game!!!"
76561198112710485,Recommended,435150,35036549,Posted: 17 September,all,Captain Daddy,"I dont like turned based top down rpgs that much, tried to play alot of them but never could get into them, but, this is the best game ive played since witcher 3."
76561197971590698,Recommended,435150,35038801,Posted: 17 September,all,GRLD,Dope AF
,Recommended,435150,35034569,Posted: 17 September,all,hrsta,What i was waiting for all this time.
76561198096224112,Recommended,435150,35034539,Posted: 17 September,all,asacarlson96,This Game is one of the best games I have ever played. I can see myself playing this for years to come and diving into ever part of it. I play D&D quite a lot and I am very impressed with how similar they feel and how much freedom you truly have. This game is a must buy!!!
,Recommended,435150,35035976,Posted: 17 September,all,{AutoTrolls}OptiMeMePrime,This is the closest thing to a DND game EVER
76561198030746271,Recommended,435150,35067699,Posted: 19 September,all,Tegga21,fdgdfcx
76561198019274178,Recommended,435150,34949761,Posted: 14 September,all,Alucesmot,10/10 love the game and co-op even though others might TELEPORT THE GUY OUT OF THE STUN CLOUD AFTER I WENT THROUGH ALL THE EFFORT TO CONTROL THEM ONLY SO I CAN GET DESTROYED IN MELEE CHRIS GEEZ.
,Recommended,435150,35075889,Posted: 19 September,all,Old Pod 042,=) Enjoyable
76561198198702871,Recommended,435150,35072287,Posted: 19 September,all,wolfdragonomega,5 hours total play and i have already entered a fail state. coice at its best. I LOVE IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,435150,35071836,Posted: 19 September,all,Tox,Good game
76561198002392438,Recommended,435150,34923637,Posted: 13 September,all,toygunsenler,A true RPG experience at masterpeace level!
,Recommended,435150,34923643,Posted: 13 September,all,Mariz,Best RPG.More immersive impossible.
76561198024022475,Recommended,435150,34982792,Posted: 15 September,all,tenebrousRook,It's incredible so far.
76561197970946674,Recommended,435150,34938977,Posted: 13 September,all,Darkstar130,The best
,Recommended,435150,34957730,Posted: 14 September,all,Boxes,GOTY.
,Recommended,435150,34921603,Posted: 13 September,all,BEyonD ur IMagiNAt10n,good
76561198034578097,Recommended,435150,35126566,Posted: 22 September,all,Gudder,the only game that u could have spent the money better on other than this one is the witcher 3.
76561198073562503,Recommended,435150,35105674,Posted: 21 September,all,Talboot,"I honestly dont know if i should recommend this game or not, Divinity: Original Sin 2 does almost everything right but COMPLETELY messed up the difficulties it goes from explorer difficulty (easiest) wich a dimwit could would be ""good"" at to Classic (secound difficulty) wich becomes complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when a single enemy can bring one of your cloth wearer on his first turn down to 30% health and also out number you by 2 - 5 people most of the fights. If you like unbalanced fights in the enemys favor then this game is for you if you enjoy more equal combat maybe don't buy it or wait for the next sale. I will recommend this game after all because it does everything else almost perfectly and i still got my fair bit of fun out of it its just this one thing wich took to much fun out of it for me."
76561198015503232,Recommended,435150,35126416,Posted: 22 September,all,Mate Kiddleton,Best RPG since Baldurs Gate 2.
76561198029980940,Recommended,435150,35034040,Posted: 17 September,all,COCOMOJOE,Do you like RPGs? If you said yes you will like this game.
,Recommended,435150,35081796,Posted: 20 September,all,T H I C C*(snifu),when will they add english pls?
76561197964124964,Recommended,435150,34970612,Posted: 15 September,all,Deadpoetic,"Amazing game! Way better than the 1st, which was already amazing!"
,Recommended,435150,35082152,Posted: 20 September,all,Stairz,Good
,Recommended,435150,35087514,Posted: 20 September,all,Ryxc,I'm questioning how much I value my job.
,Recommended,435150,35081956,Posted: 20 September,all,Canda,game of the year!10/10 love every moment
,Recommended,435150,35015973,Posted: 16 September,all,Principe,"Great Game.I'm always a history kinda guy dwelving into the likes of heavy lore games such as Pillars of Eternity.  Moreover, I'm a young gamer for cRPG, I'm only 20 years old but I love lore.I just couldn't get into POE because everything about it is battle to another, it was non-stop and definitely exhausting.I always thought Witcher 3 will be the best RPG forever till this game come along. The atmosphere is amazing and i don't know how to describe it, but everything fits so perfectly.I'd recommend it, please try this game out at least."
,Recommended,435150,35012989,Posted: 16 September,all,Raven Keere,"I don't think i've ever posted a review for anything in the history of me boing on the internet. This game easily warrants it, I really love this game. There are some odd quirks to it that make it a little awkward to get into though:The level of complexity this game presents can quickly toss a cold bucket of water over your head and tell you just simply aren't good enough to play it.It doesn't do a particularly good job of steering you even vaguely in the right direction of anything you should be doing (a tradition it's carrying over from it's older brother Divinity Original Sins, so veterans won't be deterred by this) so i strongly suggest you get used to reading your logs and talking to absolutely everything, people, animals, doors, chests... everything.That being said, this is a phenomenal game. The freedom it gives you to ""play your way"" is incredible. It is obviously a labor of love from the development staff. The quirks mentioned above I truly believe are the results of trying to craft an immersive world that allows you to become your character and not force you to follow a predetermined path to the goal in the way THEY want you to. Please, support these guys, buy this game, give it an honest try. You wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,435150,35012958,Posted: 16 September,all,AnUndEadLlama,Really enjoying playing the game coop. Would definately recommend.
76561198022608858,Recommended,435150,35013332,Posted: 16 September,all,amazezinger,Yes. Yes. Yes.
,Recommended,435150,35027277,Posted: 17 September,all,Divy,What an experience thus far.
76561198028413384,Recommended,435150,35027638,Posted: 17 September,all,S4RGE77,"Wow, the glory days of Turn-Based RPG's is back. Tactics galore in this well made, fine tuned (like the universe) game. So many items to discover and upgrade to. The co-op play is brilliant. If you like RPG 's this is a must buy!  No hack and slash here, beautiful slowed down turn-based combat."
76561198085564708,Recommended,435150,35027369,Posted: 17 September,all,Stålis,Awesome!
76561198053991112,Recommended,435150,35022252,Posted: 17 September,all,Lilith,"guud game, I like. many out of people would recommend"
76561197971697584,Recommended,435150,35022140,Posted: 17 September,all,Poe,"My partial-possessed summoner got full-possessed by demon/baddie during quest and teleported my warrior companion over the dying elf quest giver I was following. Elf got smushed and quest line got cut short. 10/10(Wp devs, you inspired me out of 12 years of review-less gaming. Wp, and, really, thank you. This game is amazing.)"
76561198253068016,Recommended,435150,35278013,Posted: 28 September,all,greyheaven,best gamer ever
76561197975505083,Recommended,435150,35278195,Posted: 28 September,all,Cornmuffin,Supa fun
,Recommended,435150,35213259,Posted: 25 September,all,UltraViolence74,"If you're a fan of RPGs just go a head and buy this now. This is probably the best, most well-made RPG I have ever played on PC. It really is a masterpiece and on top of everything it has co-op and GM modes."
,Recommended,435150,35213331,Posted: 25 September,all,Gazanor,"25 hours in and I haven't even left the starting area. This game really feels like the devs cared about what they were making. Everything feels so well thought out, it's extremely replayeable, and it doesn't take itself too seriously. My friends and I are doing an all-skeleton playthrough (Sgt. Pepper's Boney Hearts Club Band) and it's the most fun I've had in a multiplayer game in a while. I love this game."
,Recommended,435150,35213346,Posted: 25 September,all,joker,a MUST BUY for action-rpg lovers.
76561198044427938,Recommended,435150,35213111,Posted: 25 September,all,RaccoonRising,This is one the best RPG I have ever played. Seriously. Just try it and you'll see. Incredibly good for a small studio. Bravo!
76561198042904159,Recommended,435150,35213169,Posted: 25 September,all,Benny.Co,GOTY
76561198026554385,Recommended,435150,35326583,Posted: 30 September,all,Proudsoul1,Do you remember Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 do you remember all the isometric games you used to play in the late 1990s and the early 2000s do you remember how you love them well this game takes everything from those and makes it great again. Everything is voice active even the animals you need to take Pet Pal really because if you don't you'll be missing out on some very funny and sometimes very entertaining voice acting not to mention animals will give you quest as well you build your character then you get to recruit a cast of characters which is awesome you could even set them to what class you want them all in all one of my favorite games of this year heck the last five years highly recommended!
,Recommended,435150,28234409,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Corybell,I can do lots of wacky♥♥♥♥♥♥with friends and thats always cool.
,Recommended,435150,35279711,Posted: 28 September,all,xXKasketXx,Amazing in every way.
,Recommended,435150,35070578,Posted: 19 September,all,Isus,I don't even like TBRPG's. But this is some serious good shait!
76561198117392687,Recommended,435150,26002480,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Blackcatgamer,i liked the first game but i had my issues with the game like no real quest marker which sucked and other issues with ui but this game what i played has alot of charcter choices and if you ♥♥♥♥ up and choose the wrong opions during quest you will get ♥♥♥♥ed and i love it but add new classes like nercos pally or add braching class choices
76561198271010321,Recommended,435150,35334578,Posted: 30 September,all,siscrocket21,Be very very carefull with this game : this game is not as versatile as its sound ; game complex mechanics favor towards certains abilities build and less favorable to another. What i means is in the higher difficulty setting some abilities becoming less effective compared to another - greatly limiting your playstyle with the illusions of freedoms-pick wrong abilities and you will be forced for a hit and run style involving a lot of escape to nearby waypoint.I think the greatest problem is lies in the fact that Larian studio hand-crafted each fight encounter so certain fight felt kinda wonky when some enemies group get free move for several turn without any clear explanation (triggered event). Certain decisions also killed another quest automatically unknown to our knowledge resulting in loss of bonus xp ( example : if you already fighting in harbor before reaching sanctuary of amadia then some people will died and no found way to prevent that)I still greatly recommend this game for this game but feeling it will be better with a lot of improvement. (New polymorp skill felt underwhelming and several talent felt like a joke-im talking the likes of five star dinner...).
76561197970466048,Recommended,435150,32628579,Posted: 21 June,all,SuperMonkey,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,435150,35137876,Posted: 22 September,all,Man Candy Dandy,get a backup generator next release
76561198071140319,Recommended,435150,35305015,Posted: 29 September,all,MiloEscorpion,My favorite game at the moment. It is very strategic you can't just charge into the the enemy or they will swarm. I do wish the camera was 3rd person instead of an isomeric. I think having an overhead view takes away from the immersion but that is just my personal preference. The difficulty is very hard for me so i had to drop it to the lowest. The fact that there is multiple ways to get in and out of a situation is amazing. Paid only $45 which is also nice. The story is good but i jate that i had to use mods to be able to include the full party. Instead of only 4. I dont like to lose out on story so the whole party travels with me now.
76561198054721007,Recommended,435150,35301338,Posted: 29 September,all,Three Pronged Dong,"Highly addicting. Lots of replayability. Just when i thought the table top turn based rpg genre died, divinity original sin 2 brought it back."
,Recommended,435150,35304583,Posted: 29 September,all,z1ggy,Probably one of the best RPGs ever created.
76561198091223751,Recommended,435150,35311415,Posted: 29 September,all,Lord Skrampton,Could not praise this game more. What a great job devs. Hats off.
76561198085828268,Recommended,435150,35315666,Posted: 29 September,all,Xemali,DnD but with connection issues
,Recommended,435150,35342053,Posted: 30 September,all,Dr. Mundi,Very Good.
76561198076733680,Recommended,435150,35019453,Posted: 17 September,all,Prepostersauce,Fantastic. Only gripe would be melee hits that reach to the story above them when you are on the ledge but other than that 24/10
,Recommended,435150,35019503,Posted: 17 September,all,StigTheSheep,Really fun. i recommend this to everyone who likes good strategic turn-based combat and a well crafted world where you can do everything and anything you want 10/10
76561197980989792,Recommended,435150,35342133,Posted: 30 September,all,Starichok,"Great game,best RPG i have payed in ages!!!Must play!!"
76561197973889281,Recommended,435150,35342562,Posted: 30 September,all,Subby,"Easily one of the best RPG's I've ever played. 20 hours in and I've only just begun. I wasn't too much of a fan of the first one. But this one has sucked me in. The story is great. The characters are full of charm and humour. Exploration is so fun. Always something new and interesting to find. I wouldn't wait for a sale. When you can, buy it and enjoy it."
,Recommended,435150,35342586,Posted: 30 September,all,rjdredangel,"Fantastic game!! im 30 hours in and im loving it, everyday i find myself wanting to play it more and more. The GM feature is amazing and the game overall is gorgeous, even on lower settings so that it can run on a not as powerfull computer such as mine. The only problem i have with this game is that there is a bug that deletes your entire inventory after an autosave durring storymode, it seems to happen randomly. It sucks having that happen and then seeing that the last save was 3 hours ago. but i guess thats really just an opportunity to play more of this amazing game, still needs to be fixed tho.  9/10 only because of game ruininig bugs, otherwise 10/10"
76561198044722539,Recommended,435150,35342841,Posted: 30 September,all,Rine,"Haven't been into a game in a very long time, this one captured me in an instant."
,Recommended,435150,35019615,Posted: 17 September,all,✪ b a c o n,Burn'em Shock'em Curse'em Freeze'em Wet'em Stun'em
,Recommended,435150,34900571,Posted: 12 September,all,吴景澜,"It's a great game ! If the game has Chinese language,it will be perfect !! I'm looking forward to full edition of the game !!!"
76561197999195138,Recommended,435150,34847216,Posted: 9 September,all,Kapteeni Nemo,Hyped for full release!
76561198047306294,Recommended,435150,34981527,Posted: 15 September,all,Madmatt,best game for squad
76561198402198800,Recommended,435150,34982743,Posted: 15 September,all,dillon_pestana,"Brialliantly crafted and deep, 10/10. Shows that more games should be crowd-sourced to ensure quality!!!"
76561198003471135,Recommended,435150,34957925,Posted: 14 September,all,Steven,5 Stars; Will accidently poison and set my party on fire again.
76561198006776664,Recommended,435150,34981561,Posted: 15 September,all,[BA] Sten,"I have no but high praises for this company...right there along side CD Projekt RED as far as respected companies go. They gaves us everything they promised plus the changes we hoped for. The feedback and dev support along early access was great and the final product on release is everything we imagined it to be.The Game: If you are new to divinity it is a turn based combat RPG based in a fantasy world, the quests are vibrant refreshing and fun to explore. There is not one way to do things. Due to the variety of classes as well as being able to customise your skills/class along the way gives you many different angles and tactics to handle the combat. If you are not new to divinity series than its everything weve wanted them to keep from the first with addional features, events, content, graphic updates and classes. Its the perfect sequel. 10/10"
,Recommended,435150,34955397,Posted: 14 September,all,Roschar,"- Play early acces- Don't want to rush story so press next as madman- Noideawhati'mdoing- Combat is fun, sometimes hard- Try out a lot of classes- Releaseday- Listen to voice action and enjoy the story- Will buy again"
,Recommended,435150,34955663,Posted: 14 September,all,Lazy,"Do yourself a favor, and play this game. It's challenging, immersive, and really well designed. This is in the top 3 games I've ever played."
,Recommended,435150,34957656,Posted: 14 September,all,Chempy,"A game that truly allows you to immerse yourself in the world and characters.I haven't had this fun since I was younger play video games, the amount of wonder and enjoyment I've received is well beyond the $45 price tag.If you are like me, waiting for that one game to sweep you off your feet but yet it's always out of your grasp? Well, you've just found your sweetheart.It's extremely easy to see the love and attention that went into creating this masterpiece."
76561198061492650,Recommended,435150,34959082,Posted: 14 September,all,🍊Papa Orange🍊,Best game i have ever played. Would play skelly man again.
,Recommended,435150,35061417,Posted: 19 September,all,Houbas,"Amazing game with great attention to detail that rewards exploration. Multiple ways to progress and no handholding.Best RPG out there in my opinion. Just some minor bugs here and there so far, but nothing game breaking. 9/10, 10 when the bugs get fixed."
,Recommended,435150,35097957,Posted: 20 September,all,Beefaroni,"good game, last act/ chapter was a bit of a fuster cluck trying to figure out what to do, otherwise though really good"
76561198052183348,Recommended,435150,34708697,Posted: 3 September,all,Ph0enixes,"Love this game, if you enjoy the previous game (DIvinity Original Sin: EE) you will love this game, just like I do. Recommended."
76561197971458548,Recommended,435150,34979811,Posted: 15 September,all,pRabbit,"Amazing game to be carried away by. Feature rich, good menu system (not the toned-down, controller optimized stuff you normally get these days), an amazing turn-based battle system, very good music and sound in general, very compelling graphics and art style. Characters are, as it's normal for the Divinity series, quite quirky sometimes, but the humor works well and already made me chuckle a few times.You'll probably not like this game if you have a short attention span, since it can be a tad verbose and it's easy to miss a clue for a side quest if you don't dig into this verbosity. Other than that, I feel it does a better job than its (still lovely) predecessor when it comes to introducing the player to its world: a proper journal keeps track of the adventures and right off the bat the game rewards thinking out of the box, being it in combat or while exploring the world.4 player co-op and the gamemaster mode are the cherry on top this rather well rounded package. Although, granted, this particular cherry is made of solid gold and provides endless posibilities and replayability.So far, 10 out of 10. Would talk to a dog again."
76561198041379162,Recommended,435150,34980305,Posted: 15 September,all,▲,"Great game, great devs who react really quickly to bugs. buy it"
76561198031180024,Recommended,435150,34981388,Posted: 15 September,all,Sletman <3,Don't think! Just buy it :P
76561198202927031,Recommended,435150,34981484,Posted: 15 September,all,AndrewKing,Larian hits every note perfectly with this game. The companions actually feel like they have motives and personality unlike many other games today. The users actions can really affect the world depending on what they do. The story is also very well written and compelling. I am looking forward to seeing where this story goes and replaying to screw with my friends.
76561198001109828,Recommended,435150,34957774,Posted: 14 September,all,Heisen,Absolutely amazing game. Early Access done right. CRPG done right.Larian deserves this success! - Can't wait to see if they can do even better in their next game..I doubt it! - And I mean that in a complimenting way.
,Recommended,435150,34959047,Posted: 14 September,all,MrHighway,"This game has so much to offer and if you want an immersive pen and paper RPG, this is it, I promise."
,Recommended,435150,34981581,Posted: 15 September,all,CozmicUnicorn,"That all npc voice acting out of nowhere though, and oh bb that sweet undead aroma that is brought forth from my undead she lizard dubbed ""TheLustyArgonianMaid""Final Verdict:This new dlc from CDPR will knock your socks off and then make you eat said socks in a fit of euphoric rage. What im trying to say is:Best Game, Better Then Knack 2"
76561198037643780,Recommended,435150,35165598,Posted: 23 September,all,ccnn24,Zuper duper RPG...
,Recommended,435150,35146907,Posted: 23 September,all,Ass-Commander,"I've played this game to completion and that only took what, 79 hours? There's depth in this that has to be experienced firsthand, and the game itself certainly knows how to set the mood for your adventures."
76561197995257791,Recommended,435150,35145953,Posted: 22 September,all,PP | Oldage,Great game!
76561198061331079,Recommended,435150,35145738,Posted: 22 September,all,ozymandias,Really good.
76561198038798367,Recommended,435150,35144713,Posted: 22 September,all,TheUnseenShadow,One of the best RPG's I have ever played. Ranks right up there with the Witcher 3.
,Recommended,435150,35095008,Posted: 20 September,all,M'lady,Good.
76561198197499601,Recommended,435150,35168080,Posted: 23 September,all,ntschellin,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it keeps crashing on me but from what i got to play it seemed fun
,Recommended,435150,35213610,Posted: 25 September,all,Chippy,One of my favourite RPG's of all time and my GOTY so far.Would recommend for anyone who enjoys RPG's.
76561198053561585,Recommended,435150,25585245,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Slakk,"My only regret playing this ""Alpha"" is I want the finished game even MORE now.Aside from some minor graphical errors and no voicing, this game is already very playable. Even in its current state it's already my personal GOTY.Larian has really done an amazing job here."
76561198062727354,Recommended,435150,25591934,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MWMWMWMW,"This game is so much fun. I dont have alot of hours in it yet,but every moment I had time to play the game this weekend I did. Great story so far and so many different options to choose from."
76561198040533295,Recommended,435150,34998535,Posted: 16 September,all,Dragco,just wow .... wowdammm... pillars was mine nr one rpg so far....  now its divinity ^^ufff sooooooo good.don't read comments just buy .. thanks and bye
76561198088553279,Recommended,435150,35135479,Posted: 22 September,all,vmeansvincent,7 hours straight says it all. MUST have for rpg lover.
,Recommended,435150,35136198,Posted: 22 September,all,Captain_Crunchy,.
76561197999352261,Recommended,435150,35136290,Posted: 22 September,all,omni,10/10
,Recommended,435150,35136336,Posted: 22 September,all,omni,10/10 One of the best games I have ever played!
76561198010800766,Recommended,435150,35244289,Posted: 27 September,all,Trixt,Wiped the last boss on the first round.11/10
76561198085399674,Recommended,435150,35029037,Posted: 17 September,all,kivikala,-
,Recommended,435150,35257216,Posted: 28 September,all,AarkTheDragon,"I generally have a strong dislike for Turn-based games. I feel they're clunky, rely too much on luck and it just feels bad to me as a player. That said, Divinity: Original Sin 2 single handedly is making me change my tune. The combat is fluid and streamlined, I feel like I'm actually approaching each fight tactically and am working to out-smart my enemies rather than just hope my numbers are bigger than theirs and let the game mostly play itself. Combat is accentuated by the sheer number of possible builds and party compostions there are. The starting class you pick just determines your base stats and starting abilities, everything after that is purely up to you. Levelling up actually feels like I'm growing my character instead of just reaching milestones every other person playing my class has hit or will hit. I feel like I'm making my character my very own.On top of this, the game is a throwback to what I consider to be the golden age of RPGs when Morrowind and similar games were king. I feel like my choices actually matter and have meaningful consequences and rewards. I'm not just given self-contained quests like in WoW or Skyrim, I'm given information that get slogged in my journal, and I need to keep roaming around talking with NPCs, looking for clues, and figuring out what I'm supposed to do, and along the way I might get involved with side quests or start fights, or maybe even not notice somebody who needs to be saved, so the next time I pass through that area and find them they'll already be dead, preventing me from getting a quest from them. It's this complex and branching path of quests that you can mess up sometimes without realizing it that truly makes me feel immersed in this world. I'm not having my hand held. I'm put in this world, and it's up to ME to figure out how to make my way in it.As for the world itself, colorful characters with fun personalities and memorable dialogue. Clever writing unafraid  to dabble in humor every once in a while, and fantastically designed races. What I mean by that is the fact that with the lizard for example, they have their own animations to fit their body types and armor/clothing is designed to match their bodies. Unlike in skyrim where everything used the same base male/female humanoid model and all armor/equipment fit to that base model, and a longer face and a tail was added for the Argonians. In Divinity, the lizards are actually their own species and not just reskinned humans. That attention to character design is something I appreciate in games to no end.All in all, I feel like I'm playing Tabletop D&D right from the comfort of my computer chair without having to organize a group for a campaign session. It's challenging enough that I feel pressured to improve and succeed and be wary of my environment and expect the worst. You never know when you might take a wrong step and an ambush of enemies you can't hope to beat appears. There's a lot of trial and error, but if there's one thing Dark Souls has taught me over the years it's that being prepared to die is a good thing.Divinity: Original Sin 2 is absolutely worth picking up if you love Tabletop RPGs, Morrowind, or just damn good really really damn good turn-based combat."
76561197989308350,Recommended,435150,35253801,Posted: 27 September,all,Outrageous_Orange,Best game ever!
76561198039476320,Recommended,435150,35252970,Posted: 27 September,all,Kawaii Kouhai,"Amazing RPG, very engrossing in all aspects.Great story, likeable characters, combat makes you think, and decent loot system.Two big gripes about the game1. Loot progression is somewhat borked. It's not very noticeable mid game, but early (levels 1-5) and lategame items (levels 18 to 20) are extremely level dependent. Even Divine/Unique level 18 gear is sometimes not worth keeping over merely rare level 20 gear as the raw defensive or offensive stats are simply subpar. Same goes for early game gear. You won't be able to fight necessary enemies to progress through an area without equipping your party with a certain level of weapons (actual rarity doesn't seem to matter).2. Awful skill bar managment. Not customizable, and gets extremely cluttered in the midgame to endgame. Newly acquired skills seemingly fill up whatever blank spot is left on the bar. Need some options to customize what goes on the bar and what does not."
76561198065513132,Recommended,435150,35006098,Posted: 16 September,all,𝓜𝓻.𝓥,"Great game, best to play in co-op to enjoy in all possible ways. 9/10."
76561198077023096,Recommended,435150,25549449,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,lamer,"I'm generally not one for hard strategy games, however this game changes that.. and for the better.I have multiple times found my self being overjoyed anytime I conquered a hard battle.Alongside that I truly appreciated the fact that the game has the race choices and those make an actual difference.Racism is a very real thing in this game and it feels so good to get one up on those people.I'm not good at reviews.. but I love this game."
,Recommended,435150,35248483,Posted: 27 September,all,Sunbro Solaire!,"Paid a guy for a cool new sword. Realised that made me broke. Stole my money back.10/10 would steal again.Also, PRAISE THE SUN."
76561198025331222,Recommended,435150,35264977,Posted: 28 September,all,MotherMargo,Good game.
76561198073558813,Recommended,435150,34983171,Posted: 15 September,all,GonzoHerbz,"This game came out of nowhere for me but I'm glad it did because it was instant love.  It's well written, well voice acted, visually stunning, it has a great art style, gameplay mechanics, interactions and general design and it's full of charm.  It's actually the first game I've played in a long time that wasn't a competitive game such as racing, fps or fighting games because story driven games these days are not the immersive, transportive masterpieces of earlier generations of gaming.  This is what I've been missing and I'm glad it's here.  Buy it now, jump in and enjoy the adventure.  It's truly top notch!"
76561198052286588,Recommended,435150,25579739,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Svig,This is how you make a sequel! Stay true to the original and improve where needed. Loved the original but so far I am loving this even more. Gj Larian
,Recommended,435150,34961652,Posted: 14 September,all,betterex,"I dont usuallydo reviews so apologies for how bad & short this'll be but if you've ever played divinity orginal sin then you know they know how to make a top notch RPG and I couldn't have asked for more - I've had this game for about 4 months now but Didn't want to play too much before the undead race was out, and I gotta say - I'm deeply in love with this title."
76561197966203934,Recommended,435150,25517100,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"its a great game and made a lot of fun but still theres stuff that has to be fixed, so MANY times you dont have vision in so stupit ways and cant aim at the target but he can kick your a##, its just annoying."
,Recommended,435150,25536939,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Serene Sergal (sleeps),It's only the first Act 1 (from the time of this review) but still everything I had hoped it'd be. Thanks Larian Studios for making a seqeul to my all-time favorite rpg game.
76561197987630975,Recommended,435150,25674808,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Serendipity,"Personally bought it immediately to support the developers although im holding off until completion to fully explore the game without spoilers. One of the most competently and well done RPG franchises out there from one of the best cRPG developers going at the moment. Worth your support, i believe."
76561198050558368,Recommended,435150,34421489,Posted: 22 August,all,NZUniverse,"Good and deep main story, engaging gameplay, immensely detailed, engaging quests, and immersive worldRating: I have no life after playing this game/10"
76561198117198666,Recommended,435150,34990995,Posted: 16 September,all,Noctis,"Amazing game, really recommend it"
,Recommended,435150,34991256,Posted: 16 September,all,Laughing Man,10\10 Larian Studios game﻿!
,Recommended,435150,35218847,Posted: 26 September,all,Kronk the Leverpuller,"Might just be one of the best games I have ever played.If you have ever thought about or wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons, but never gotten down to it then this game is definetly what you are looking for.+Incredibly good and exciting storyline.+Creativity in class-design,the game lets you mix and max however you want, you can be a tank with watermagic if you want to.+Choices matter!A problem I have always had with game such as the Telltale games is that your choices affect the game in minimalist ways, that you cannot talk your way out of a situation no matter what you say, for example. But in this game, it does.+You can have gay sex with a skeleton.+Alot of content, it took me around 70h to beat the game,and I am no hardcore completionist.+Multiplayer works great in the game,you might miss out on some conversation if you are busy raiding the homes of innocent citizens, but otherwise you will not be stopped and forced to listen to someone talking to a blacksmith and simmilar, you will not be dragged into fights if you are not near either, so then you can watch your mates get rekt.+ Since alot of the ""offquests"" are textbased only, then the game has mannaged fit alot of content into secret areas.Exploring is rewarded, there is alot of secrets in the game.------------------Game starts out pretty slow and rather bland.- The 45€ Pricetag might scare people off, but it is worth it."
76561198271380640,Recommended,435150,35185095,Posted: 24 September,all,Barney,great
,Recommended,435150,35185147,Posted: 24 September,all,The Real Paul Chuckle,Good game. 10/10
,Recommended,435150,35164689,Posted: 23 September,all,T04ST1E,Just buy it.
76561197994588697,Recommended,435150,35310596,Posted: 29 September,all,Reaperlord14,"Only played the game for 5 ish hours but watched a funny play through as well and this is a fantastic game, the game play is perfect for this type of DnD style RPG with very easy to use interface, would recommend to anyone"
76561198136044621,Recommended,435150,35417350,Posted: 2 October,all,Sokol(c),"Super RPG. Super Scenario. Fantastic graphics, environment and overall gaming experience. You like reading a book on steroids. Absolutely worth it playing."
76561198013336701,Recommended,435150,35417784,Posted: 2 October,all,TinEater,I loved it. It was much better than Witcher 3.  I'm going to play it again and again.
76561198058891740,Recommended,435150,35418962,Posted: 2 October,all,Jublee,I've loved every single moment of this game. A Brilliant coop game.
,Recommended,435150,35415284,Posted: 2 October,all,ColinRhys,"If you enjoy DnD at all, this is for you. If you enjoy turn based strategic combat, this is for you. If you want to play a game with a loved one or a bunch of friends, this game is for you. I was worried I wouldn't be able to get into this game after not liking the first one.Boy was I wrong. Best game I've played in a long while."
,Recommended,435150,35320752,Posted: 29 September,all,SS-Oberschützefeels,">Be me.>Play Honor mode only.>Spend 10h grinding up.>Meet a chick who is obsessed with roses and blood.>Have some ERP.>Die.>Repeat.>Profit???.Over all a really great game worth every cent I would even say its under priced could easly go up tp 60$,I haven't reached ending nor explored begining properly because I always die at honour mode and have to start all over due my masochist nature, but so far even if I replay from the start over and over again, most of the time I always find new things, the story is great so far aswell and it seems its dosen't matter how badly you screw up, either by killing npcs or anything else, you can still progress in the story it really gives that freedom feeling, but I ll try to sum things up.Pros:-Story.-Combat + pretty smart AI.-Music, heaven to my ears.-Voice acting.-Replayability.-Community.-Very nice and understanding devs who seems to care about their community and people in general and they want you to enjoy their game and not milk you dry for 60$ unfinished games with loads of dlcs like some companys do *cough cough*.Cons:-Perhaps few balance issues.-If you play at honour mode without any guides and from begining when you haven't even finished game on normal you might get Vietnimity ptsd.-Can and will brake friendships.--------------------------------Just buy it! Games like these comes out like once in 5 years!"
76561198027806272,Recommended,435150,34952824,Posted: 14 September,all,Vablen,Abseloutly amazing
76561198031914924,Recommended,435150,34952847,Posted: 14 September,all,Symphonique,When you waste 20 minutes punching the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a door to get it open only to find out later on the key for the door was on the body right next to you. This game is amazing.10/10 would punch a door again.
,Recommended,435150,35412241,Posted: 2 October,all,OrangeOfHell,"what i liked from this game :-lots of story-lots of skill-lots of mystery-can be played with friends-game master ( DnD style )-it's FREE ! ( well, i bought it, but i dont mind at all about the price, cause its really worth it )what i dislike from this game :-limited option on PvP mode-camera positioning while in game ( idk why, its not really comfy )but overal, really great game9/10 would play first story with honour mode. ( back up is for p*ssy )"
,Recommended,435150,35124340,Posted: 22 September,all,"Yorick, Shepard of Lost Souls","I was born a lizard (not famed for my unique red skin) talented in the macabre art of Necromancy.  One day, I chanced upon a small black cat, I named him Rex after my childhood hero.  Rex and I, Zorp, went on many adventures together.  We healed the injured, reunited a broken family, and righted many a social injustice.  We were Heroes.  But I didn't do it for myself, I didnt do it for them.  I did it for Rex. I made the world a better place for Rex.  Rex was my Light, Rex was my EVERYTHING.  One day after a grueling session of gladitorial combat in an undergound arena I returned to the surface to show Rex my trophy.  Only to find Rex's cold corpse and a group of Magisters laughing over thier kill........I snapped.Source welled throughout my body, coiled my chest and then rested in my heart until it exploded out of my hands.  Out from Rex's corpse a bloody blob of flesh and puss rose.  It shifted left and right and under the shocked gazes of the magisters slunk its way to my legs, mewling and purring.  Rex was back.  My light was back.  I don't know what happened afterwards.  All I know is that anyone who attempts to seperate me from Rex has thier soul seperated from thier body and consumed.I am Zorp.Zorp the Vile, but its Ok.  Because I have my Light.10/10 would become Source King again."
,Recommended,435150,35098659,Posted: 20 September,all,I was promised cake,I hate single player games.
,Recommended,435150,35069908,Posted: 19 September,all,Aiden,Moister than an oyster.
,Recommended,435150,35306217,Posted: 29 September,all,markorply,"I'll get to the negatives as that is probably more important to those worried about their money being wasted.The game is horribly optimized. I've seen the memory range from 4GB to 6GB, I frequently experienced lag after a few mins of play where I have to kill the process through task manager and my desktop is overkill, it doubles/tripes the recommended specs yet I only feel safe on medium, even though I have 60 fps on ultra.The combat is frustrating. I'm not good at these games, I only play on classic difficulty yet I feel like the difficulty is unfair, enemies usually always have a large amount of armor and at leastdoublethe action points of any of your characters, it really does become a chore after some time of play and lowering the difficulty to explorer just makes the difficulty non existant, it feels like quite a large gap there. Also, a lot of the time you will have to cheese fights, what I mean by this is kiting enemies and fleeing, rushing 1 enemy down and ressing, hiding your 3 characters while one keeps the enemies in dialogue so you position 20 fire barrels before the fight has even started, it's not fun at all but sometimes it's the only option if you don't have an optimal party build.Character gear/power progession is both good and badSource abilities was a brilliant addition to the game, tying them to the story gives you an incentive to keep going and rewards you as you progress. Spells/Skills are terrible though, not by themselves, but the fact that you acquire most of your cool abilities from a no name npc in a small town market boggles my mind, most of the tomes I find through my adventures are level 2 warfare abilities my tank already has or soundrel tomes for the non existant rogue in my partyCharacter creation and story is greatCharacter creation was a joke in divinity 1 Imo, none of the combinations made relatable characters and the voice acting was so irritating, in divnity 2 there are a lot more options, voice acting, races, more realistic and less over the top apperances (at least for humans). The story is nice, I actually remember character names and feel connected to the world I'm in, with the implementation of source, for the first time I want to be an evil character, because the power really does feel good, it's not just being bad because you wanna be a♥♥♥♥♥♥now.The game developers are dedicatedThey are throwing out quite a few updates, hopefully they will fix the optimization but they gave us stuff like GM tools and modding support, they seem to really care about their product even though it's already a success for them financially, in time this game could be a masterpiece because of thisI'm not going to give a rating but I will say if you are into this genre or just RPG's at all it has great value for the price."
76561198027957083,Recommended,435150,35226717,Posted: 26 September,all,Vasheen,"I don't write reviews typically and I'm not going to bother to sit down for a long Pro's Con's list.Suffice it to say, if you like this style of game (Baldur's Gate, Pillars of Eternity, Torment Planescape), this may be the single best iteration of the genre in the 30 years I've been gaming. There's a few tiny bugs mostly related to quests and notifications, but honestly... the depth and breadth of the quests and ""butterfly-effect"" style of progression... It's more than acceptable.I've sunk 113 hours into my current run through and plan on starting a Lone Wolf run immediately following.If you have the option: beg, borrow, steal. Get this game. It may be the most robust RPG, or game, I've ever played.10/10, would absolutely play another few hundred hours."
76561198068618994,Recommended,435150,34968247,Posted: 15 September,all,JteFracasseLaTraché,:D enough said
76561198047663191,Recommended,435150,34968197,Posted: 15 September,all,rohithssj4,>not sure about buying it>sees swens face>instant buybut srsly 10/10 game
76561198054483173,Recommended,435150,34968388,Posted: 15 September,all,MAART,Amazing
76561197987967052,Recommended,435150,34968376,Posted: 15 September,all,Rocklobster,Great game!  10/10 without a doubt.
76561197979085971,Recommended,435150,35440998,Posted: 3 October,all,Rattlesnake,it's good
76561197962269117,Recommended,435150,26500481,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Deadbolt,"Wtf man, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I didnt know this was some early access game.  I didnt even know this♥♥♥♥♥♥exists.  I put 41 hours in this game and then, BAM.  Some lame cutscene and it returns me to the main menu.  I started searching googe thinking this was some kind of bug and I never got a strait answer.  I just read now the game is coming out late next year...  Are you kidding me!?! AHHHHHHH, shut up, take my money and get your asses to work.I have tried playing these games before and could never get into it, I dunno if its cus Im older now, or what.  But, I tried stuff like ice wind dale 2 could never get into it.  But this♥♥♥♥♥♥.. this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here... oh man.  Maybe ill go buy the first one to hold me over."
,Recommended,435150,35458474,Posted: 3 October,all,Double Deuce,It's like discovering a new favorite food.  I needed this game in my life and didn't know it.
76561198060420290,Recommended,435150,34972976,Posted: 15 September,all,Mozzy,"Fantastic game so far. Even so I am only 100 min into the game I can confirm that the controler works great so far and the text size is not too smal. I play it on a 45inch HD TV and can read the text comfortably from my bed (ca. 2 meters away). My eyeside is not the best but still, the text is readable. The atmosphere of the game is simply breathtaking. I don't know yet how much better the story is in comparison to the first game but the presentation is top-notch and AAA. If you like the combination of the old fashioned with a modern presentation, then buy this game."
76561198328329318,Recommended,435150,34973083,Posted: 15 September,all,Vault Boy,11/10 extra point for full voice acting. :)
76561198007754062,Recommended,435150,34973151,Posted: 15 September,all,⎛⎝Anti⎠⎞,Dont even dare to say no to this game
,Recommended,435150,34973431,Posted: 15 September,all,XxJaguarmanxX,games good ayeeee
,Recommended,435150,30871355,Posted: 1 April,all,✪ Relic,"The first and foremost thing you need to keep in mind, the game is still in Early Access, or Alpha release. That being said this is one of the most polished Alpha's I have had the pleasure of playing in a long, long time.While there are some missing features, missing dialog, and some quirks to the game that don't quite make sense it is still very beautiful, great story, amazing character dynamics, and the most stable Alpha I have played ever.This game has so far taken what Original Sin started and made it so much better. I love it. I recommend picking this up in Early Access as there is plenty of content for you to enjoy as you watch this game grow and mature more and more!"
76561198002511794,Recommended,435150,35471669,Posted: 4 October,all,playornot,"I will recommend this game on what it has to offer, turn based done well, melee ranged magic Dark/light magic.Back stories, or go your own path, or even go solo.Tons of lore, plenty of quests for items and xp, great modding community with some great mods.I have made it to the end section of the game and still feel like there is alot to do.So...Turn based works well, with some odd attack blocked for no reasons just standing there, or even higher ground.For me the story is starting to drag and if it was not for the side quests, which I feel are way more fun I would have been bored ot death, same old chase the bad guy/girl run around do other people eraands ( to get themax from the story ) or stright up go for pure evil...  but meh gets old for meI feel that if you train just 1 skill line your damage goes through the roof later lvls and makes it silly easy, and 2he dmg is pretty insane but leaves you weak from ranged with no real defence, hence your team support or OP HP added items and skills so on..Finesse.. I often think the game wants me to play bow, crossbow or spear, I find so much and I mean a TON of finesse items it's crazy, yet hardly any weapons....Ive played through Fort Joy 8 times now and every time I still find somthing new or get different endings to quests.Speaking of quests, the part that dissapoints me so many are bugged or have no end, makes me wonder if multipulepeople worked on this part of the project and never injected there work or communicated with each other.You didn't.. bah blah when i left fort joy is anoying as you can do what it asks??  makes nos ense to punich you for somthing you can't do, and the fact they never fixed these problems even when player in EA said, hey might want to look at this..Fights seem ok to me, no real OP unless you go all 1he or wand shield setup with hydro you and your team are un killable.healing potions combined  and using elixirs can get silly healing.Crafting.. is there a point? maybe but I have yet to use more than 10%, can never find enough items to hit the workbenches or anvils to even make or combine items, especialy for a complete team...mixing skill books is cool and ease of adding runes wich should give an indication when you add the rune that it is added.. lolI barley craft as the shere amount of stuff that drops or you're given from quests makes it sort of pointless some times.Found some bugs that have ended that current play time for me, had to go back and start again from auto save, which is still irritating as these where arce story lines.Some of the story based characters story make no sense at all in the grand picture when you progress, it's like you're playing someone that was a professional at there game and woke up stupid...So ..  for the time in EA with the bugs and weird content glitches I am not overly impressed, considering the staff and money raised for this project. especially the first 4 chapters,   killing all peopl eon the boat, they re incarnate even after they are dead before cut scene.... then kill them all on fort joy, they reappear later.. lol ( good way to get tons of ressuract scrolls ot sell and backpacks :)I will give the game 7.5 out of 10 for the quests, open areas to explor and pretty good turn based system with alot of choices to go when starting your game and great mods.Dissapointed simple stuff was not fixed  and many items go OP in game making it easy even on the hardest setting, considering a high standard larian have set as a Company, if you like magic hack n slash tons of qeusts and turn based and NPC""s that actually use the magic and skills they have, then it's a solid game, just needs some patches to iron out what i feel should have been gone before release."
76561197970721419,Recommended,435150,29811004,Posted: 9 February,all,JimHash,Seems as good as 1 so far. Shame the music isnt as of the same high standard.
,Recommended,435150,35086886,Posted: 20 September,all,Predatorsdawn[t(o_O)],Is goil alder
,Recommended,435150,35472575,Posted: 4 October,all,[TPCK] Skarekroww,"i'm still in the first area of the game, rip me"
,Recommended,435150,35473480,Posted: 4 October,all,Velvet,RPG Hall of Fame.
,Recommended,435150,33571211,Posted: 15 July,all,Rival.Midnight-,"To simley put it. The game is  beautiful! i cant give it enough praise, looking forward to release!"
,Recommended,435150,35251723,Posted: 27 September,all,Cheese Flavored,"Arx sucks, look up a guide once you get there because you'll otherwise never figure anything out. When you aren't in Arx though, this game is a god damn masterpiece."
76561198000024778,Recommended,435150,35252187,Posted: 27 September,all,Dragon Nebula,I haven't been addicted to a game like this in a long time.
,Recommended,435150,35252517,Posted: 27 September,all,Lotato,"got teleported across the map for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a magic rooster, 10/10"
76561197973978689,Recommended,435150,34994179,Posted: 16 September,all,Metian,This RPG is like no other RPGs. It is fun and keeps you playing a long time. Oh and don't forget to save once and a while ;)
,Recommended,435150,35351379,Posted: 30 September,all,Harambe,"I got this game from trading in tf2, I mean, who likes to feed gaben's belly nowadays?11/10"
76561197970608593,Recommended,435150,34953435,Posted: 14 September,all,northeee,amazing
,Recommended,435150,35043457,Posted: 18 September,all,Durandle,"Good story telling, good characters, good voice acting and amazing turn based combat. Oh and looks amazing. Had a blast with it so far, nothing to fault."
76561198055350635,Recommended,435150,35252020,Posted: 27 September,all,Hush Puppy,One of the BEST games I have ever played. Period.
76561198004696476,Recommended,435150,34994347,Posted: 16 September,all,Celuryl,"First time in a long time that I just simply stay on the main menu, unprepared to handle the epicness to come, listening to the main theme. The last game that did that to me was Neverwinter Nights. It's about time.Roleplaying is back."
76561198064784989,Recommended,435150,35251987,Posted: 27 September,all,Epic,"Got caught stealing , now i have to murder the whole village.- 10/10 would steal again"
,Recommended,435150,35252090,Posted: 27 September,all,Hogarth,I'm only about 1/3 of the way through thus far and it has already been an amazing experience.  Two thumbs way up.
76561197987355726,Recommended,435150,34584238,Posted: 29 August,all,Azkron,Baldurs Gate on asteroids.
76561198081840940,Recommended,435150,34952933,Posted: 14 September,all,Wereshrew,Excellent RPG made by passionate dev's.10/10
,Recommended,435150,34994462,Posted: 16 September,all,PATὈЯῚKKU,i like talking to animals
76561198110289028,Recommended,435150,34580431,Posted: 29 August,all,wongkwokwai112,"When Malady cast spell at the lowest level of the ship, it will crush to main menu"
76561198041797241,Recommended,435150,34580678,Posted: 29 August,all,reemoo,amazing game :D
,Recommended,435150,35178145,Posted: 24 September,all,KomediaN,F-ing awesome.
,Recommended,435150,34980665,Posted: 15 September,all,SuckMyHoldyFlappyFolds,Is gud gaym - many nice play
,Recommended,435150,35470806,Posted: 4 October,all,kremennik ♥,"Great RPG, I think the best I've playedThe main issue is the balance because of the leveling structure. Because getting a new level is a huge upgrade, there are plenty of encounters which are either too hard or too easy"
76561198056165504,Recommended,435150,35431021,Posted: 2 October,all,dogakes,good game
