user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,435100,30810993,Posted: 29 March,all,AbsoluteDeicide,"2Dark deals with some taboo subjects most media wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole. Namely the kidnapping and abuse of children. It doesn't tread lightly into the crimes-which-must-not-be-named, either; almost the entirety of the game is spent witnessing young kids being tortured, murdered, brainwashed, or any variety of vile acts. Before you clutch your pearls and cry, “Think of the children!”, the goal of the game's protagonist, Detective Smith, is to save the victims and uncover the network of traffickers involved in procuring the children. While it's a shock to the system to see what you're not supposed to see, it's too bad the game itself is garbage.Smith is having a lovely night camping with his wife and two small children, when a party crasher hacks up his woman and drives off with his offspring. Flash-forward a decade or so, and the detective is the stereotypical washed up mess; chain smoking and drowning his sorrows at the local bar, living in rat infested squalor, obsessed with finding the ones responsible for tearing apart his family. He's the foul-mouthed, hard boiled cop with a chip on his shoulder, as justified as that chip may be. Whenever he reads about missing children in the newspaper he goes full blown vigilante and rushes to investigate with just his firearm and a pack of smokes for backup.2Dark is a top down 2D game, and it's dark. Maybe too dark. Most of the screen is often pitch black, so you have to rely on a variety of light sources to see where you're going and avoid death traps. You have the option to collect and use lanterns to illuminate a large area around Smith, flashlights for a cone of vision, candles barely help, and the last resort is your Zippo lighter. There's a fairly deep system for managing light, with each tool requiring it's own resource and enemies (in theory) reacting to seeing your light source. The lighting effects are pretty good, albeit out of place, for the otherwise retro, 16-bit art style.Ideally you should be playing stealthily, recognizing patrol patterns, avoiding guards, using items procured throughout the levels in puzzle-y ways to slip in, save the kids, and escape without being noticed. This is not feasible. While there are systems in place that hint at a workable stealth approach (noise/light indicators, cones of vision, distractions, etc.), the AI is almost completely busted. I've walked into empty floors, started snooping around, then suddenly had dozens of enemies blink into existence randomly. If two guards run into each other they may freak out and start walking in small circles around each other, dancing. Or they might just stop in place with their scripts broken. Scripted events may or may not happen depending on the mood of the game. Half the time you're not sure if what you're doing is a smart approach to a situation or a glitch. Or the game might just crash, because that's always fun...The only way I was able to power through 2Dark was to murder everything in my path, which is my preferred “stealth” approach, anyway. This is also a mess. It doesn't make the AI any less ♥♥♥♥♥♥, now you're just taking advantage of their glitchiness to beat them with clubs as they spin in circles. Not very satisfying. The inventory quickly becomes a bloated monstrosity, filled with not-so-different melee weapons, letters, items, and knickknacks that take up half of the screen space. It's such a convoluted, clumsy solution to what is a simple but janky game.“Dead kids” is just about all 2Dark has going for it. As a horror fan, it checks that “shock value” box; you'll see eviscerated babies, spit-roasted children, Satanic sacrifices, etc. But the game is a mess and it's a chore to play."
,Not Recommended,435100,30953894,Posted: 4 April,all,sleepy toad,"Broken AI, clumsy controls, trial and error gameplay taken straight out of I Wanna Be The Guy.2Dark is an awful stealth game that tries to make up for its numerous shortcomings with shocking imagery.Artistically however, the game holds water: its graphics help bring to life its nasty environments and the music builds a strong atmosphere while also knowing when to take a step back and letting you listen to your surroundings, which you'll need to do as 2Dark is more than happy to plunge you in complete darkness in more than one occasion.I wanted to like this game, i wanted to be able to tell my friends that ""this is horror done right!"", but ultimately all i can say is that it's stealth done horribly wrong, and since most of the gameplay here relies on stealth mechanics (and a few puzzles, which i'm not a fan of), most of the game ends up being a messy and thoroughly unpleasant ride.Like driving a decrepit car through a beautiful landscape: you might get to enjoy it as long as you're not the one holding the steering wheel."
,Not Recommended,435100,30471664,Posted: 12 March,all,Nick,"I bought this game before there were any reviews up so I went in with an open mind and high hopes. Those hopes were sadly shattered after about 20 minutes of playing. I'm not a fan of the art style, it looks like the characters are from the Dolmio Pasta adverts, but hey others might like that. My main problem is the gameplay, as the title suggests it is really '2Dark', you can't see anything without your flashlight. The game feels like it's trying to push you to stay in the dark, and that would be fine, if you weren't punished for then doing that. On the first level theres random holes in the ground, and random spikes, which as you can guess, you can't see in the dark so you immediately die when touching them. God forbid if you forgot to save by combining your lighter and cigarettes, which is easily forgotten as it's not a simple save button, then you're right back to the start. The art style and graphics also make these traps hard to see, so even if you have your flashlight, you still die unfairly. Having to keep replaying bits to learn where every hole and spike is gets really frustrating after a while.The inventory is also annoying, you can rearrange stuff so you can proiritise where you want to have your things which makes it a bit better, but it still seems unnecessary to have some much space for very little things when the inventory's permanently on the screen, for example newspaper clippings, that you pick up.It also feels like the developers ran out of budget so skipped on getting voice actors, the enemies just have text above their head that you have to read, and it really ruins the atmosphere. This game is definitely not a horror in my eyes.This is my first review, and I feel bad that it's a negative one, but as I bought the game the day it came out I thought I'd let people know the negatives of this game before they buy it. I've tried 3 different sittings of this game and wanted to quit everytime, so I'm refunding it. I also can't believe it has a £40 price tag on consoles on Amazon...srsly."
,Not Recommended,435100,30871468,Posted: 1 April,all,Meat Machine,"First level was a lot of fun; the game worked well enough, though it was unintuitive and frustrating. A few BS insta-deaths from unseen traps in the darkness, but you learn to watch your step, I guess. Killed a few civilians without realizing they weren't enemies, but maybe I'll go back through more carefully next time.Then I got to the second level, where enemies glitched out, got stuck in walls, and teleported randomly. Key items stopped working, and the inventory of reduntant weapons, tools, and useless information ledgers took up 40% of my screen. I managed to beat the second level in spite of not solving half of the puzzles and not going into at least 4 of the rooms... I'm still not sure how I beat it.The third level was completely disfunctional, and even more broken than the second.Don't buy the game. It shows a lot of promise, but the inventory is crap, the AI is crap, and the puzzles WOULDN'T be crap if they weren't so broken and totally unintuitive. The game isn't a TOTAL mess, but it probably wouldn't be worth the $25 price tag even if it was ironed out, optimized, and lived up to its potential."
76561198129936651,Recommended,435100,32232558,Posted: 6 June,all,kokiri1232,"2Dark is a very good horror game and it’s a very adult game.  And when I mean adult, I mean the subject matter, Kids being kidnapped and killed in various ways. Now I know it’s odd and vary unlikely that a clown would dress kids like animals and make them do tricks, or a rich heiress turning kids into literal dolls, but it could happen. Do not underestimate human evil.But anyway it took some guts for the Developers to make/talk about a subject difficult as this one. Now one of the things that make this game scary is what it leaves up to the imagination, as you go thought the game you will pick up newspaper clippings, pitchers, and notes watch tells you bits of the story or about Gloomywood or the six killers and their Lives.I am not going into more about it; you’re just going to have to play the game to find out.  Now for the hero, Detective Mr. Smith thought out the story you feel this man has lost everything, and the only thing keeping him going is the hope of finding his kids.The game has voice acting but only for Smith and just at the loading screens, but the voice actor he does a good job betraying a broken-down man and is it just me or does Mr. Smith sound a bit like nick valentine from fallout 4.Anyway now for Gloomywood it has a good broken-down going to hell feeling, Like the Metro from Condemned: Criminal Origins. Now for the DLC the art book its nice a little short but still good and the Official Soundtrack of the game is good too. Now the game is not perfect it does have its problems like for one it’s too dark, I don’t mean the story or anything I mean the levels you can’t even see where you’re going. All so the AI can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes it works in your favor other times it does not. Then there are the endings. There are three but they don’t feel like endings they don’t tell you much I mean maybe in a DLC or sequel, but till then the endings leave lot to be desired.All so the cries of the kids can get a little annoying and animals in this game, Are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and the pixel art it takes some getting use too, But it’s you get used to it . So in closing the game is good it has its problems but it’s still good horror. So I look forward to 2Dark 2."
76561198002951956,Not Recommended,435100,30807566,Posted: 28 March,all,Anathema_Dreamer,"Game crahses on 2nd level trying to take right elevator in Scarlett hotel to the basement using keycard. The issue according to searching is a programing issue around events that trigger in the game.A game that I cannot complete is a broken game.A broken game is not worth your time, does not get a good reivew, and is not fun or worth your money."
76561198003225850,Not Recommended,435100,31191873,Posted: 16 April,all,(OBK) Swat Monkey,"Hi all,I was starting to get into this game. It was fun while it lasted. When all the sudden it crashes. Don't know what's going. My computer is up to date. So I'm assuming its the game. Hoping there's some kind of update or fix."
76561198033068478,Not Recommended,435100,30544298,Posted: 16 March,all,[132]Defoniak,"Can't go further than the third level, my game crash every time I try to play it.I can't refund it. It's 20€ for only 5h... FML. :("
76561198030622641,Recommended,435100,34030869,Posted: 4 August,all,Victorious Tortoise,"I like it. I like it a lot.[edit] For details. It has FLAWS. But like many of the GEMS in the 90's/early 00's, the flaws are overwhelmed by the core experience being so unique and amazing. (Try Fallout 1/2 again. The AI is as dumb as a brick. But the game still rules.)- User interface is frustrating.- Controls can be frustrating.- Game mechanics get very frustrating at the harder / later levels. You will reload in the beginning as you ""get used to it"". But at the end you will reload because the game controls DIDN'T do what you knew you wanted to do.- There are occasional bugs.- There are occasions where (the QA team should have caught!) you don't know what you actually are supposed to do to continue.- (Nitpicking) The artwork is inconsistant in quality at times. Some of the artwork stills look really good, others, the people's faces look like a college student made them. Which CAN take you out of the experience if you notice it.++++ ++++++ The game is amazing, and unique.+++ The music is pretty dang cool. Note it's a LIVE ORCHESTRA. That's pretty rare for an indie-scale game.+++ COOL AS HELL Voxel graphics and when you get hit, little pieces of your body fall off. As a gamer and programmer, I miss and applaud the use of the lost-art of voxels. (Minecraft doesn't count.)+ Fun/interesting traps to kill bad guys.+ Fun plot devices/twists/etc.It's Monaco + Detective/Noir + Saw (film) or Binding of Issac. It's more than the sum of those parts. It's a game offering an experience no other game out there has.TL;DR Basically, the game engine feels like it was 90% finished (in terms of polish). But it's an amazing game. If it had came out in the 90's/00's it'd be known as a classic.If you get it for <$10, you won't feel cheated. If you paid ~$30 or whatever, you'd feel like those flaws should have been resolved before release."
,Recommended,435100,30433455,Posted: 10 March,all,Frosty,"2Dark answers that age old question of what if you made a game with the graphics of Mario RPG and have it set in world similar to Condemned: Criminal Origins (2005)? You get a game that plays like neither, but has creepy vibe while posing stealth challenges and making you yell out in frustration when one of the children you're trying to rescue inadvertantly dies due to your missteps.The games stealth mechanics work on sound range and line of sight. Even if an enemy can't see you it doesn't mean they can't hear you, so one has to take into consideration how loud opening a crate with a crowbar is, or making sure the kids you're escorting aren't crying, screaming, or talking too loudly to alert someone. Combat is an option too, from stealth take downs if you sneak up on someone, to point and shoot with a revolver. Other than that a melee brawl comes down to whack an enemy till it stops moving or you stop moving.Most of the game has you sneaking around various locations where children are being held as you try to search for your own. Between that you are at your run down home in the city, where you get some updates on the progess in your search. It seems it's possible to beat the entire game without harming a single kidnapper, but it certainly is a difficult feat to accomplish. The circus for example when you encounter the sort of ""boss"" enemy you have the option of killing or possibly trapping them if you carefully manage to deal with the immediate threats of the feline persuasion. At the end of each mission you get a sort of result list of how many clues you found, candies, and how many kids you saved.Save system works in a sort of simple method where your character takes a smoke break, how ever it only allows one save at a time so make sure you place that save wisely because another overwrites the previous. I prefer that method because it maintains a certain amount of risk in the game needed to keep it feeling suspenseful without save scumming constantly. The music is well done kind of reminds me of the Alice horror games, and the character design is interesting for the psychopath kidnappers.Some people have complaints about the Denuvo DRM, but I haven't had issues with it so far. Also I don't feel entitled to a free game since it's not a necessity of any kind.I'd say it's a definite buy if you're looking for a creepy stealth survival horror sort of game. There's a definite challenge to it, and various ways you can approach each mission. I have yet to beat it so I can't speak for how well the story wraps up just yet, but I look forward to finding out and hoping it maintains itself as far as it has now."
76561198125349875,Recommended,435100,34024038,Posted: 4 August,all,EbanoWover,game is challenging and interesting but like wtf i cant play offline! ♥♥♥♥ing gay
,Recommended,435100,34470624,Posted: 24 August,all,Toby,"GREAT game by one of my favorite developers. The only complaint I have is that it should be longer for the price. Otherwise Its definitely a gem, challenging, and unique. You will have a ton of fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,435100,34061818,Posted: 6 August,all,KeineGnade,"It's somewhat fun and mostly infuriating. It plays like a mobile game and that annoys me. My immersion is immediately lost when after fighting an individual who has no weapons somehow puts a large gaping hole in my head. The game is difficult and I understand that it wants me to stealth and not kill the child kidnappers, but I want to play my way and dish out justice to them and, that's difficult when they move too fast to sneak behind, they stare directly at eachother sometimes or the game just has some weird infuriating mechanics.The narrative and dark setting and story is nice though. Honestly, I would rather read a book with the story instead of spending 25 dollars for a game that looks and feels like it is for mobile devices."
76561198027882595,Recommended,435100,30509816,Posted: 14 March,all,Swordash,"2Dark is an unique stealth game with an intriguing rather dark story.The gameplay could be summarized as sort of a top-down view Hitman, where instead of having to kill a target, you have to save the children. The game is hard, but the fact that it allows you to save the game almost anytime, makes it easier.The stealth mechanics are interesting, the game uses a light and dark system, where the lesser the light you have in a given room, the easier it is to keep hidden. It might take you some time to get it if you are not used to stealth games, but once you figure it out, you feel like you have a good amount of control.The level design is well thought and polished, the enemy characters are unique, you won't find too many of the same characters. The game won't make you solve many times the same problems. Some players might take issue with the fact that many parts of the map are pitch black, and are only visible if you use a light source, such as a flashlight or a candle - this might be overwhelming when you start the game, but once you get used to it, it is not an issue anymore. With that said, there are some deaths by traps that feel very cheap, particularly in the early game.The game aesthetics resembles an old school pre-rendered DOS game. (Although technically it is not the case) It has charming characters and art style.The story is the strongest part of the game It is very dark, unconventional, unique, taboo and engaging, it deals with child abuse and cruelty. I won't spoil it here.The good:- It is an unique game.- Unconventional intriguing story.- Interesting stealth mechanics.- Good level design.The bad:- The game is a bit too short. You will finish it in 6 to 10 hours. It could use additional content.- Some traps, particularly in the early game feels very cheap.Do I recommend it?If you are into stealth games, you should definitely check this game. If you are not a stealth game fan, I would still recommend you to give it a try, if not for the gameplay for it's unique story."
,Recommended,435100,30465616,Posted: 12 March,all,Quote,"This is probably one of the better indie games of 2017 thus far, despite my initial reactions.Pros:-Made by Frédérick Raynal, responsible for the Alone in the Dark series-Good level design-Morbid as hell-Made me jump once or twice-Nice art style-Well optimized-Great artbook if you decide to get the DLC-Puzzling yet sensible puzzles-Best saving system I've seen in a game ever-Denuvo has been removed, and the game seems to run better for me as a result. (As of 3/19/17)Cons:-No graphics settings to speak of-Can be frustrating at times-No way of restoring health until after a level-Somewhat horrendous English translation"
76561197991009575,Recommended,435100,30508938,Posted: 14 March,all,Marcus Butthurticus,"2Dark is a very grim and dark 2D horror game.The trailer pulled me in and I bought it the same day. Do not let the graphics fool you, this is a dark and very sinister game. It is not the most beautiful but the design choices and the bit clunky controls adds to the feeling of it. The game also manages with it's grim nature to make you feel unsettled. Smiths struggle to find his kids and unsolve the kidnappings all over Gloomywood is the main story point here and it is suprisingly enough a decent stealth game. The enviroments are also either dark or sinister but can also be a bit cozy in a bit. Like the camping part in the beginning.The only draw backs I can see is the hours I put into it, 9 and Denuvo which I personally haven't had issues with yet but others had before combined with the price is a bit steep. On the other hand there is other games who cost more and give less. Sadly, I kinda saw how parts of the story would unveal itself and that made it a bit lackluster in that part. But I enjoyed it and hope we get to see more games in Gloomywood, The place sure is dark as hell and perhaps with some more ""roleplay"" elements like the tavern we get to visit between missions, we get a deeper game with more options and branching roads to take.There is not much to say about it, I give it a solid 7 out of 10 if you did not want to read but only have a number to go after. It is not the most advanced game, with the best controls or the deepst lore or very deep battles but it does good what it does good.  Being a simple, stealth horror game where the shadows is your best friend and an story that works out well even if some parts are extremely crazy."
,Recommended,435100,30440435,Posted: 10 March,all,Herbert West,Hella good. Some parts are pretty damn creepy. The atomsphere is spot on. Story unvails slowly as you progress. Solid game. 9/10Edit: Jesus Christ. People are spamming downvotes for every positive review on this game. N reason what so ever. Its a very good stealth game. So what if it has Denuvo?
,Recommended,435100,30563221,Posted: 16 March,all,GrungePunk,"""♥♥♥♥ING CAMPING!""I'm a huge Alone in the Dark fan. This game is pretty awesome in an old school way."
,Recommended,435100,30696807,Posted: 23 March,all,Totally Not Seth,"2Dark is a game that will probably go under a lot of people's radars due to compared to other games that came out around the time it did, like Nier Automata or Horizon Zero Dawn, which is sort of a bummer. Do I recommend this game? Is it for the feint of heart? Probably not.You play as Smith, a former detective who, on one night, found his wife dead and his two kids being kidnapped. Years go on by and he's still searching for them. That's the gist of the game, and the secrets only unravel from there.It's an unforgiving game that sticks it's feet in some rather disturbing horrors for kids. From the circus, to dolls, to even a small house full of cannibals; This game is gonna make you see some things you wish you could just skip right through it. The resources end up being a task that you have to manage. Should you spend your bullets or not? Should you keep waving your flashlight around or wait until you get more batteries?Now, is this a perfect game? No. The Ai isn't exactly all that smooth, and at the end when I reloaded I could still hear the credit music. There's also been a time where I'd miss 4 times point blank with my gun when I'm aiming at my target. It's still a game I would highly recommend for those who want to get their hands on a nice new suspenseful adventure game that'll keep you on your edge."
76561198134491978,Recommended,435100,30477578,Posted: 12 March,all,Cheeses Crust,Only real complaint was the 20 bucks other than that I love the style and idea definitely worth 10 bucks. Put it in your wishlist
76561198085439995,Recommended,435100,30478036,Posted: 12 March,all,ToastieBoy,"The game was spooky and thrilling, the only thing I could point out that could of been better, is the final level. It's right at the end and I feel the ending overall could be better, I don't like how the player is just sent to the credits (again to those of you who are reading this you'll understand what I mean when you reach the end). I feel there should be a scene added just before it ends, or maybe after the credits?(TO THOSE OF YOU WHO DON'T WANT THE GAME SPOILED! LOOK AWAY NOW!)A scene that shows a confrontation between Mr Smith, Martin and Sandra. It would make the game even better, and it would give a better explanation of the entire story and what happened to Martin and Sandra after they were kidnappedOriginally I was going to give the game an 8, however after that ending I felt dissapointed because of the build up to it, so overall......6.5/10"
76561197983301475,Recommended,435100,30456265,Posted: 11 March,all,RabidUrko,"Awesome engine and graphics combined with gameplay mechanics.Great sound effects and music add to the atmospheric storyline and locations.You may die quite a bit, but you will always be going back for more.This is not your run of the mill top down RPG game.Very unique."
76561197993763913,Not Recommended,435100,30461839,Posted: 11 March,all,Holdelta,"I snuck up on a bearded ladyman and hit her in the head, she claimed I was worse than a clown.I snuck up on an old man ringing a bell and hit him for maximum damage, he said I was worse than a clown, then killed me.I thought I was supposed to help children, but I think I'm the bad guy.I don't want to be the bad guy.I wanted to save the childrens."
76561198032777622,Not Recommended,435100,32180820,Posted: 4 June,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dtCaHJ_GOg
