user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008191845,Recommended,435300,21241912,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,LexGetDangerous,Before I played this game I was Happy and Heterosexual. Now I'm sad and gay. 10/10 do reccomend.
76561198028278208,Recommended,435300,21244682,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TomatoMarrow,"A couple tips if you've never played before:• Play favorites on your first few playthroughs.  Don't try to treat everyone equally until you've gotten the other endings.• The music is a critical part of the atmosphere.  Try playing it turned up just a little too loud.• That said, the music during ""4AM"" starts with a loud, sudden tone--don't get jumpscared.This game might not change your life like it did mine, but hey, maybe it will.  Even if it doesn't, it will definitely make you Feel Things.  I can't recommend We Know The Devil highly enough."
,Recommended,435300,22051594,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,kossiths,this game promotes lesbianism AND satanism.10/10
76561198363081892,Recommended,435300,32491467,Posted: 16 June,all,iamivypools,*clutches heart* my lesbians
,Recommended,435300,21383847,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,beef n cheddar,warmed my poor little cold gay heart and promptly broke it into a million pieces10/10
,Recommended,435300,21251944,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,messtradiol,"We Know The Devil is a story about three bad kids who are only bad because the world tells them that they are. It's a story about identity and friendship and queerness and love, and feeling alone and left out. It's about wanting to be good, but not being able to because the world is cruel.Aevee Bee's writing and Mia Schwartz's drawings and Alec Lambert's music channel a mix of anxiety and innocence that those who were bad kids or who still are will recognize. The story echoes teenage feelings of isolation and longing, and fraught love and friendship, and not knowing who you are and being sort of scared to find out. It's only about an hour long, but in that short time, the characters Venus, Jupiter, and Neptune are all beautifully realized, and I played through it several times (during its initial release on DateNighto) to make different choices and learn more about each of them.The world is cruel, and tells us that we're bad, but we can fight against the actual, literal Devil and maybe we can stop believing them."
76561198252312428,Recommended,435300,23812763,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MGLVNA,This is the best satanic polyamorous lesbian dating sim I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,435300,21377380,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dibby,"I'm going to be honest. I don't think I'm really the target audience for this game. I bought this under the pretense that it was a horror game. The description itself, on the store page, makes it out to be. I knew, going into this, that it had a lot to do with sexual/gender identity. And that's cool! But, I was still expecting a horror game.This was not a horror game.The writing was extremely vague, and even obtuse at times. I mean hell, we'll even ignore the grammatical issues for now. But honestly I had a very hard time following what was going on and what the actual story was about. I had to look up a synopsis afterward.And then I realized this game isn't for me. It never WAS for me. How could it be? Without spoiling anything, let's just say it's simply not a subject or topic that I could have any possible understanding of. I've read a lot of reviews and have seen a lot of people saying how personal this game was to them, and they seemed to get the message loud and clear. But I didn't get that message, and I can't.I played through one of the endings and thought about refunding it. But I saw someone say, ""no, play through all the ends and get the true end, and then you'll understand"". And so I did. I have to say, it didn't change my opinion on the matter. It felt pretty unsatisfying.I don't want to this to be seen as a slight or anything against the game developers. Because, honestly, my major issue with the game is the way it was advertised, not the actual content therein. Again, the store page description REALLY makes it out like this game is something it's not, and it's somewhat misleading. I'm going to reiterate. This was not a horror game. If I had known that, I probably wouldn't have bought this in the first place."
,Recommended,435300,32838962,Posted: 26 June,all,Chaz Bufflewhiff,"Messily ambitious and maddeningly opaque -- a surrealist allegory about queer adolescence that conjures up the sort of raw emotionalism usually found in spiral notebooks filled with song lyrics, cigarette stains, and bad high school poetry. Occasionally wonky and imperfect, sure... but holy hell, I was pumping my fist and hailing Satan by the end of it."
,Recommended,435300,21278805,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Fiora,it turns out the real devil was the friends we made along the way
76561198138409455,Not Recommended,435300,21269990,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Stella_System,"I was so excited for We Know the Devil to come to Steam. So, so, excited. I didn’t know much, but I was in love with the aesthetic, and the premise of this seemingly mundane but also paranormal world where you can contact God and the Devil from a summer camp seemed amazingly interesting. However, the entire experience was pretty disappointing for me. In short, the writing is vague, the setting is extremely interesting at first but terribly fleshed out, and everything simply seems. Stunted. Like it was written for a game jam in a day or a week and not expanded at all for the final release. In general it has a fantastic idea and premise, but the length makes it difficult to really feel attached to the characters or really understand why the things that happen to them, happen to them.That’s the short version. Now I’m going to do a breakdown of what I saw as the good and the bad of We Know the Devil. From here on out there may be spoilers, you’ve been warned.The one undeniably good point that must be mentioned about We Know the Devil is the atmosphere. The music is absolutely perfect, nice synth that sets the tone without seeming like it’s trying too hard to be spooky scary. The sketchy and monochrome style for the character art was a wonderful fit, and I found the sprites pretty expressive when they needed to be. I didn’t expect to like the photo backgrounds, but I actually do feel like they added a lot of character.The setting and background is where we begin to hit the snags. In the beginning of the game we’re placed in a summer camp with these three teenagers, with no real clue as to why they’re here or what they’re doing. They run into background characters that they know but we as the audience do not, and they easily use complex-sounding terminology that leaves the player clueless. This is one of the things that helps to set up the aforementioned fantastic atmosphere for me; it left me wanting to know more about this camp and it’s goings-on. However that never came. I didn’t even get an explanation of what these children were doing at camp, or even how or why it was decided that they should go to this creepy abandoned cabin to meet the devil other than “plot reasons.”This is my main problem with We Know the Devil. Things happen because they happen. Jupiter and Neptune have a mutual crush on each other which is barely foreshadowed previous to the Seven Minutes in Heaven scene and from which… nothing seems to come. Venus, whose main problem appeared to be her tendency to be an extreme doormat, very suddenly exhibits body image issues and is revealed to be trans. Neptune has a lingering cough of various degrees of severity throughout the game, and which Venus seems to know the cause of, which is never expanded upon. Ever. While I was interested and wanted to know more at the beginning, by the end I began to fear that there was nothing more. That it was all nothing but pretty packaging with nothing inside.This sudden and inexplicable chain of events is combined with a very vague, at times totally incomprehensible writing style that made many of the more pivotal moments very difficult to understand. Much of that is because the game has a very particular tone which is reflected in the writing, which I appreciate. I enjoyed the way each character has a very separate but at the same time very believable diction and speaking style which seemed very teenager-y. However, I believe that style was substituted for clarity in some situations where it should not have been. At the end of the true ending Venus… finds an arm? Rips off her arm? I consulted a friend and she thought that Neptune was in fact the one that ripped off Venus’ arm. The writing was simply not very well edited, if it was at all. I found far too many typos than should be in the re-release of a game that was released in September of last year. Even in the more mundane sections there were many clunky phrases that I believe could have been improved and clarified without taking anything away from the final project.In many ways I think that We Know the Devil just seems rushed. The premise and atmosphere are both great, the endings would be fantastic if they had clearer writing and more foreshadowing, and all of the visuals are charming and spectacular. In particular I found the true ending to be a fantastic idea - that in the “best” ending, where the characters are happiest and able to be the most true to themselves, they in fact have to embrace the devil, and that may not be a bad thing. However it fell flat because of how absolutely incomprehensible much of the writing was. Seriously, it was vague as all get-out, and it just wasn’t fun to read.However, all in all, I’m very excited to see more from this team. As stated many times before, the atmosphere was fantastic, and though I’m not a fan of the execution I find the basic idea to be positively intriguing. Despite all of my negativity I do not find We Know the Devil to be a bad game, per say, just... not particularly good. I can’t wait to see the next piece to come, with the team having learned what to continue doing and what to perhaps change for their next title.As a side note, while this may simply be because of the recent move to Steam, from a gameplay standpoint this is far, far buggier than I find acceptable out of any visual novel. I’ve seen regular reports of fast-forwarding making character sprites glitch, and for myself on multiple occasions the entire game would simply short out, with the screen going white and myself unable to continue. The latter glitch happened at two points, once whenever I tried to access the Jupiter + Neptune Seven Minutes in Heaven section (this was a minor inconvenience, though it was one of the few scenes I was genuinely invested in), and once directly following the ending credits. The latter glitch made it so that the game did not recognize me as having ever actually finished a single route, which made it impossible for me access the true ending. I haven’t seen any other reports of these issues, but if they are common, I hope they are fixed relatively soon."
,Recommended,435300,21266854,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sion,i bought this game because visual novel means warm anime boobs but instead i got warm feelings inside of MY boob.... the boobs have turned
,Recommended,435300,22420298,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,it aym,lgbt coming of age devil worship simulator ruined my life in 2.7 hours god knows how i'll play games ever again now i've played like the Only ♥♥♥♥ing Good One i've found that was written for people like me and my friends by people like me and my friends10/10 would know the devil again.
,Recommended,435300,21329428,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Rose Of Nobility,"Listen: We know the devil is an exercise in transcendence. Every line of dialogue sings. Every description shines. Every moment of comfort or explosion of anguish is captivating in it's visceral feeling--the characters are named after planets for good reason. Each is a world unto themselves, and the depth of feeling that their interactions convey move like storms and hurricanes and gamma flares--all the force of the universe condensed to three hearts.I know I sound ridiculous here--hyperbolic to the point of insanity. But there's nothing else I can say. To say that the writing sounds like if you knitted a quilt of Stephen King descriptions with magical girl tropes does a disservice to We Know the Devil--if only because King couldn't write an LGBT character well if his life depended on it.This game plucked me from the lofty self-security and happiness of adulthood and tore me all the way down to when I was a scared little boy, staying up at night watching for night terrors that I feared less than I feared the knowing light of God.It reminded me what it's like to be small, to be brittle, to feel like you've got poison in your veins that you can't escape. To be sick to death of your life and your family and your religion and teachers and ""friends"", and most of all of yourself. It set me on fire with creative energy like I've never really felt before. It made me realize that all my joy and my love for people is useless, worthless, if I don't do something with it.It was a wake-up call to the fact that I need to do more to try and help the lonely kids that are still out there--the ones so much like who I used to be.If you've ever even wondered if you were queer, play this.If you've ever felt so much as a minor tick of annoyance at the System telling you What You Should Do, play this.If you've ever felt regret after hurting someone you realized you could have loved, play this.And if none of that applies to you, play it anyway, and do so with an open heart. I guarantee this will teach you more about what it's like to be queer--or hell, even just an unhappy teenager--than a million essays or documentaries or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hollywood movies could teach you.If I have anything like criticism for this game, there's only two nitpicks:1) The visual glitches when you fast foward can be weird and distracting. They always fixed themselves before I reached a new scene, but I could really see them hurting someone's experience if they got unlucky. I hope they fix them later.2)  Occasional typos and what seem like misused grammar at a few points are stutters in what is otherwise one of the best written works I've ever experienced. Frankly, I wish I could offer my volunteer services to just suggest edits for all of those things myself, I'd be only too happy. Most other fiction, I could just brush right by it--but with writing this good, all the small details that don't add up hit me like a screeching chalkboard.Regardless, don't let either of those dissuade you. It's so, so worth it. Please know the devil, she's so ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,435300,21277479,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dartek_syes,"Do you ever feel something is wrong with you?Are you afraid to be left alone?Do you want to be emotionally messed up?Well, this is what you're looking for. This game can touch themes like isolation, repression, society, friendship and love in a straight way and, at the same time, so sensitive too.I'm still a mess after playing it for the 5th time.10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,435300,32667493,Posted: 22 June,all,deathknife,"probably my favorite + the best game i have played? which doesnt say much bc i dont play too many games but this game is incredible. for me it was very personal, being mentally ill + gay and seeing characters w problems + traits similar to my own. the worst girls since eve are written in a way that you can empathize with them as well as see yourself in them. i cried a lot. beautiful art, beautiful music, beautiful + relatable writing, overall well done"
76561198000755206,Recommended,435300,21288953,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Bepis Waifu,Get this game if you want one more thing to be sad and gay about in The Year of Our Lord (Satan) 2016.
,Not Recommended,435300,21907827,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,May,"First of all, I really liked the atmosphere, the art, the music but....Man, this story does not like you. As a member of the LGBT+ community, I was looking forward to this, but it doesn't want you to know what's going on. Usually, that's not a problem for me (I love Baroque and I love Kafka and some seriously obtuse indie bands), but this was more reminiscent of when I was seventeen and tried really hard to be deep about things and cared more about myself than an audience, which was fine, because I wasn't publishing anything.But this is published and with the way it's written, it's really inaccessible. I went through, trying to think of my high school students playing this (I was an English teacher for a while) and I just imagine them giving me the Look and leaving me with a silent class for 30 minutes because they wouldn't know what to say. The only reason I knew there were LGBT+ themes in it was the marketing done prior and word of mouth from friends. If I hadn't known that already, I wouldn't have known that was the approach to the story while I played it.I'm glad there are people that love it. Maybe I'm too trained to be critical when approaching written pieces because of my schooling and perhaps this needs to be approached at its face instead of being picked through, but I think the author really needs to think about how much they're writing for themselves and how much they are wanting to write for other people. Who is their audience? What are they meant to get from this? Would a person be able to get what the author intends for them to get from this without discussion boards, prior marketing, etc.? Does the material by itself deliver what it needs to deliver?There is a lot of potential here. There are a lot of good elements here. I think, ultimately, all that it needs is the author stepping back away from the story and looking at it from the eye of a reader. A good revision and I think there would be a lot of great things that could come out of this."
,Recommended,435300,28674443,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[nBn] Kat,"We Know the Devil is a visual novel about being a teenager, about being queer, about being shunned for your differences at a time in your life when grouping together is necessary for survival. While the characters' problems involve their position under the LGBT+ umbrella, their positioning as outsiders and the feelings that brings with them is, I think, relatable for anyone who's ever been a teenager.Although horror, I would say that WKTD is unsettling rather than outright scary, aided by the photographic backgrounds and the eerie soundtrack. Its horror comes, I think, largely in its reluctance to provide exposition to the player: you never quite understand why the camp has the rules it does nor why these things are happening to these characters, in much the same way that, as a teenager, you don't fully understand what you've done to be ousted from your social circle. I can understand why people would find this frustrating--and certainly, I would have liked to know more--but it works in the game's favour.The game is a little short--by the looks of things, I'd say the average play time is about two to three hours, although I finished it in less than that--but it more than achieves its goal, and I think it's one of the more unique visual novel experiences out there."
,Recommended,435300,21251142,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Red Starling,"I've never met a story that could articulate that feeling of being a monster in human skin, that embarrassing hunger for touch, that inexplicable desire to peel your own body away like the skin of an onion, to wash away every easy lie.Never, until We Know The Devil.But careful.This apple tastes too sweet to eat just once."
76561198047800937,Recommended,435300,23356484,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,it's minnow,"I played We Know the Devil two months ago and I don't really like visual novels, but I still think about this game regularly. It's really, really good.WKTD is short (Steam tells me it took me 4 hours to play through all the routes, and then replay a few with friends), and not terrifically text-heavy, which was great for me, as a person who generally finds VNs a bit of a slog to get through. It's worth your time though! The dialogue is nice and concise; pretty much every line felt like it was advancing the plot or telling me something interesting about the characters, exposition is light, and the worldbuilding-y bits are very vague. Definitely a game where you should see all the endings - there're some things to be pieced together and revealed from each one.It's also got a lot of punch. The art and music are great. The characters are strong. They have really big flaws. Their relationships are compelling. The world is strange and unnerving and still mundane and it all comes together into this complete atmosphere of quietly anxious horror and lighthearted-but-sincere teen insecurity.If as a teen you were: sad, angry, gay, trans, a girl, a freak, very uncomfortable, very frightened, or any combination/all of the above you should play this game because it's about being undeniably weird and bad and different and knowing it, and what comes next."
,Recommended,435300,32973949,Posted: 28 June,all,Pastel Pajamas,It ended with ethereal polyam lesbians.Gayest game I've played in a while. 11/10.
,Recommended,435300,23819471,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,no space,"It made me proud to be a satan-loving poly/trans/gay being. A+/10 recommended for other gay/trans/poly satan lovers, it will make you feel but not feel bad."
,Recommended,435300,21270483,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Joga,"We Know The Devilis an interesting, somewhat surreal and delightfully strange visual novel. The dialogue is thought-provoking (and often quite funny) and feels natural. I loved the characters, especially Venus who reminds me waaaay too much of myself as a teenager. A lot of their comments hit close to home for me.If you're in the mood to try something a little different, or you enjoy more non-traditional visual novels, you should give this game a shot.PS: Thesoundtrackis also really cool."
,Recommended,435300,23514316,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,inurclosets,"This is one of those games where I heard a buzz about but wasn't really sure what I was getting into. I read some of the other reviews and decided to go off the advice of pursuing the character path I was most interested in but from a story stand point, I think it's almost sort of vital to pair up Jupiter and Neptune. I went down Venus's route first and missed pivotal information that lends greater strength to the other routes.That said, I sat and played through for every other ending regardless. The story was so captivating and really touches a certain surreal feeling of being raised christian/catholic and coming into your own understanding of gender and sexuality. It's hit home in a lot of ways for me and was easy to identify with. The off key horror invites a feeling of unease that never really gets pushed aside. You're always waiting for that big jump scare which never comes (thankfully) and the true ending is something that again plays off a lot of feelings of being taught by the church.There's probably still room for some improvements as the flow between stories isn't always so smooth but all in all, it's a game that I think back on fondly. I love the world it has created and in some ways I would love to see it built up and explored even more. The element of the radios and sirens caught me off guard initially but I really think that supernatural element truly gives the game it's own unique world to play around with.I look forward to anything else this team has to put out."
,Recommended,435300,24151253,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LiterateKat,"""—each of you shall choose. It is certain that the devil is coming. It is certain. It is absolutely certain the devil is already here. Parables I:I 'The devil is only the shadow of man cast from the light of god.' The meaning of the parable is that there is no devil. The weather is scheduled for I00 with humidity tomorrow. And now for the news—""We Know the Devil is a great example of how video games and art can intersect, creating something beautifully ugly that haunts you long after you have played it.The games aesthetics are unique, using photos taken with disposable cameras for its backgrounds and disquieting sound effects and music that blend and blur together, making it hard to tell one from the other.The writing itself is superb. Every word is meaningful, but perhaps even more meaningful is every word you do not read. All is, yet is not. The game is very abstract. Pretty much everything is symbolism or foreshaowing or both. God. The devil. The planets. The radios. The sacrifice of one. The intimacy of two. The power of three. All hold special underlying meanings. Personally, I love this kind of psychological stuff, so it was great for me. I have seen though that some other player's found it confusing. Not to say I did not, just that I understood it enough to get by.The characters are wonderfully fleshed out (I especially loved Jupiter's background) and provide great representation that never feels forced. Most people who play the game are probably drawn to the relationship betweenJupiterandNeptune, which is great because then they will probably getVenus'ending which in my opinion was the best besides the true ending. I loved seeing the evolution ofVenus'character even more thanseeing Neptune and Jupiter play seven minutes in heaven (notsorry).The game is simple enough to play. You might need to consult with a guide to get the true ending, but it is quite straightforward to get every other ending. To get each character's ending you simply have to exclude them from the group. The game is quite short, it took me about two hours to get all four endings. If length is an issue with you I recommend waiting till the game is on sale, it is not that costly to begin with. I managed to get it for 50% off.For any of you confused about what is going on in the game, below I have included my interpretations of some of the major themes in the game:God:From my understanding, god does not so much represent god or religion, but rather society and the rules and expectations it places upon us. God only accepts two, because society does not accept everyone. There is always someone different, and being different is unacceptable. I think this is something the game also tries to show through team south. They are the ""best"" kids at a camp for the ""worst"" and all act the same to the point where our main three protagonists find them indistinguishable from one another.The devil:Like god, the devil does not seem to literally represent itself or anything else religious. Instead it seems to represent those wants and needs and urges that society (for better or for worse) shuns and rejects. This can be seen from how the devil seeks to be accepted and when one (the minority) does the other two (the majority) use their radios to beat it out of them, and in the true endingwhen all are equal and all accept the devil they become their truest, freest selves. The devil accepts three because the devil accepts all.The radios:The radios serve multiple purposes in the game. They are used to communicate. They are used to protect. They are used to fight the devil. God uses the radios, broadcasting constantly from 109.8 FM. The devil does not have its own channel but is occasionally able to sneak into frequencies. The radios seem to represent society's main tool in enforcing its rules and ideals: communication. As previously mentioned the radios can be used to beat the devil out of people. They can also be used to listen to the messages god (society) preaches, as well as to communicate with other campers and the captain."
,Recommended,435300,32731990,Posted: 24 June,all,majesdane,"Short, sweet, and packs a huge wallop. It's more than worth it to play through multiple times to get all the endings."
,Recommended,435300,32769600,Posted: 25 June,all,Star ❀,"A very enjoyable read! The artwork is what made me buy this game in the first place and the writing is splendid.It's well worth getting all the different endings, and the story is interesting!Be careful to turn down your volume a bit though, eerie sounds do fit the atmosphere of the game but in some parts it was a bit painful (at least to my ears.)"
76561197994121194,Recommended,435300,34542530,Posted: 27 August,all,prinny5,"If you are queer or trans, this game may strike you very hard in the feels. It's led me to facing a lot of serious and difficult emotions regarding both my past (coming out) and present (the social aspect). I feel like the game has described to me something ineffable about the way I grew up and the way it's affected me, and that is why I think it's amazing.If you put in the effort to get all four endings (it only took me four hours or so), you will notice layer upon layer of metaphor and symbolism. Some of it is really cute, like the pattern of choices required to get the true ending.WARNING: SPOILER FOR TRUE ENDING AND HOW TO GET ITWhat I mean, specifically, is the way that each character sort of makes a motion towards another one that they admire in some way in the first half, and then each character responds to that motion in the second half. Also, how each pair has a certain kind of thing they like to do together. Neptune brings Venus out of her shell. Jupiter and Venus work together. Jupiter and Neptune play games and flirt together. It's perfect.Final word: I've learned things about myself by playing this game. My life is far better for having played it. I've gotten every ending and I still don't feel done playing it. I don't think I will until I've picked through every scenario and possibility enough to really understand what's going on.To the makers of this game: Thank you so, so much. I hope the Jupiters, Neptunes, and Saturns of today find this game in large numbers."
,Recommended,435300,21245978,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,aerbovinamics,"Play this. Even if you don't like Visual Novels as a genre, even if it doesn't sound super-appealing in general.The soundtrack alone (which you should also buy, because it's fantastic) was worth the price of admission. Everything else was cherries upon cherries on top. There were quite a few moments that were seriously emotionally effective, and I don't mean in a ""Game made me Feel A Sad, game's a masterpiece"" way. I found myself relating to all of the characters in multiple ways (one definitely more than the others, which made their route's ending all the more cathartic to see unfold, and just a tad upsetting). The ""True Ending"" alluded to on the store page is absolutely wonderful, and everything I hoped it would be.Give it a shot. Hail Satan."
,Recommended,435300,23962694,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Akida,"""The devil is lonely."" ""The devil is lonely."" ""The devil is lonely."" ""The devil isn't lonely.""We Know the Devil is a beautiful, haunting story of three friends tearing each other down and building back up from ground zero."
,Recommended,435300,30894097,Posted: 1 April,all,Plum,"very short but very cool visual novel, to get all the endings and see all the dialogue takes about 2 and a half hours,  depending on your reading speedIt's a lot of teenage angst and anguish (particularly but not exclusively queer) in a really well executed package.If you don't like artsy games, if you think emotions are scrubby kid stuff, if you think 8 bucks is too much for something you'll spend 2 or 3 hours playing and a good deal more thinking about, this one isn't for you, but if none of what I just scared you off, it's well worth it."
76561198082651603,Recommended,435300,21313026,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jaime,"Foreword:Don't make the same mistake I did; don't devour the game, savor it. It belongs to the kind of experiences that only reach their full emotional potency when experienced for the first time.I am not writing this review to tell you about the gameplay, for there is none. There are ""choices"", but for the sake of the experience you will be seeing every one of them. Talking about mechanincs is null.Come in blind-This game is, when properly read and reflected upon, quite a powerful piece of literature. And I say literature because this really is just reading, but in a pretty format. On the surface the narrative is about being the one left out, being the odd one. However this premise is only what drives the story to make its point. Everyoneisthe odd one out. What lies within and rears its head as you explore the multiple alternatives the game presents you, is what it really means to tell you. Its about the self, and the form the world forces it to adapt to. Its three mirrors juxtaposed, and you must break them one by one in order to find your own reflection."
,Recommended,435300,24414423,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,guantou,"Such beautiful endings.I want to be them.pros:Gorgeous and extremely well suitedsound track.(Please sell on steam. My ears neeeed it.)Storylinethat made everything that happened to me yesterday hurt even more.(I'm queer)You really get to know/love thecharacters.I think about this stroyline each time a muggle interacts with me now.You will start drawing We Know the Devil fanart about you and your friends.Your friends will resent/fear their deepest inner needs and struggles being put to print.Your friends will join with you and the Devil and you will never hurt again.cons:No, that's not how this one works. The cons become pros as well."
76561198044566427,Recommended,435300,33737284,Posted: 22 July,all,alias.sqbr,"Brilliant, understated queer visual novel about three teens stuck at a religious camp where you literally confront the devil. Has dark aspects but is ultimately very optimistic and cathartic."
,Recommended,435300,21288686,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,vendetto,"I will start by saying I absolutely, completely, with all of my heart recommend that you buy this game. Second, I'm gonna say that it has a few flaws in the game function itself. I'll start with the positives.We Know the Devil is a game about LGBT kids, made by LGBT creators. This makes a big difference in how the game comes across, and it's a good one. As an LGBT person myself, this game was relatable to me on a level I can't explain. If you want to remember how it feels to be young and unsure of yourself and afraid and learning and different in the world, this is the game for you, and I mean that even for people outside of the LGBT spectrum. Make sure you play all the endings, though--you need the full story in order to understand what's going on. The characters and storyline are masterfully written, and I'll recommend this game over and OVER and over.The music in the game is spectacular. Really, really spectacular. It is atmospheric and perfect and creepy and I love it. The 4am music starts with a loud noise and is kind of jarring, so be warned.Personally, I recommend playing the game in this order: Leave out Jupiter, Leave out Venus, Leave out Neptune, Leave out no one. To me, it provides the best cohesive storyline that way. Definitely leave the Union (leave out no one) to last, though.OKAY, so here are some negatives:- The world of the story is, in itself, a big metaphor. To me, it's better to figure out in the true end, but this makes the gameplay a tiny bit confusing for the routes before the Union. The world building is very much build on religious subtext which is built on every day life for youth and growing up and being different, so take that as you will.- THE FACES AND BODIES KEPT DISAPPEARING. It makes good comic relief at first to have the faces disappear or the bodies disappear and faces remain, or to have no background so the characters are stuck in the Void, but this gets old. After my first playthrough, this was a consistent problem whether or not I closed or opened the application. I feel this is an issue that should have been fixed in Beta testing, and other people have also had the issue so it's not just my computer. That was the only major downside for me."
,Recommended,435300,29991806,Posted: 17 February,all,MuttR,tbh I would die for any of the three main characters
,Recommended,435300,29135991,Posted: 8 January,all,Val,recommended if you're gay and have ever been in the woods/ever been gay in the woods
76561198002350335,Recommended,435300,21289278,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Demoni,"This game is a fantastic little experience, that benefits greatly from replaying it. However, I want to avoid spoilers so this review may be a little vague.There are a lot of subtle things going on with the writing, from the world building to what the characters are going through, that there ends up being a lot you can miss during your first playthrough - so playing through it three times to get the various endings becomes more of a boon than anything. Being able to catch how things tie together, and seeing the three protagonists' stories in different ways, is a really cool aspect of the game. I'm really happy to see that they made replaying the game so worth it. (They also included a ""skip"" button, for the parts you've already seen - something that helped a GREAT DEAL since now I didn't have to rewatch the same non-changing scenes 3+ times to see the other paths in the game.)The game deals with some interesting issues, set in a reality similar to our own - except for certain things, one of which being that god and the devil are real, and can talk to people through the radio. There's a lot of hints about the world building, though it is just vague enough it lets the player put the pieces together themselves.The endings are spooky in a really good way. The true ending is something, I think, that could foster a lot of interesting discussions and interpretations. Even after the game's ended, there is a lot to think about in it and a lot to talk about.All the characters are very strong, and while I liked them all I can see others possibly disliking some or all of them. They each have their own distinct personality, though, and contrast nicely against one another.There is so much good in this game, and I really enjoyed playing it. Definitely worth checking out."
76561198029792552,Recommended,435300,21380883,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,lpayjack,"If there's one thing I learned after playing ""We Know the Devil"" it's that when you don't love yourself, the answer is to simply deny salvation and become the devil.Hail/Satan would hang out with the devil again, believe it!!"
,Recommended,435300,22640665,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,camera_shaman,it's the dark souls of gay summer camp visual novels
76561198184182669,Recommended,435300,23435069,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SonyaMinamii,"I'm I N  L O V E with the music in this game. It's awesome. And the idea is quite cool. So I'm glad I spent my money on this game, 10/10 <3"
76561198011762763,Recommended,435300,25595434,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HazelHardcastle,"What a difficult game to rate with a thumbs up or thumbs down.  Enigmatic, often well written, and quite short.  I wasn't sure if I liked it while I was playing it through the first time, and very much didn't like it the second time through.  But somewhere in my third playthrough, I kind of started to appreciate it.It was the next day that I realized that there was something about the storytelling that had infiltrated me and intrigued me, stealth-style.  It crept up on me, and made me think about my sleepaway camp days, and some of the things a writer can do to evoke emotion.  A month later, now that it's had time to set, I appreciate how the game at times tries to bewilder in order to shock emotion into you.I think if you like interesting narrative experiments, this quick whiff of emotion might be up your alley.  And even if you find it frustrating at first, it may yet end up part of your emotional lexicon."
,Recommended,435300,23105911,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Nix/Jev/Wei,Reveals itself to you in stages. Don't let that discourage you - there's some tight writing and deep stuff about form going on. Highly recommended.
76561198142747039,Recommended,435300,21292466,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ingraval,"Is this game for everyone? No. It's short, doesn't explain much, and leaves many questions unasnwered. That said, We Know The Devil still manages to be beautiful. Despite how brief it is, the main characters still manage to be incredibly compelling and infinitely relatable, especially if you've have a religious upbringing yourself. We Know The Devil asks poignant questions about the nature of god and religion, all filtered through a lens of teen angst and uncertainty. The soundtrack is amazing, the background are atmospheric, and the art is unique and endearing. Just...just give this game a chance. It's beautiful in so many ways."
,Recommended,435300,21248071,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,BLACKJACK,"Great indie game. Insightful writing that felt captivating and sentimental, while managing to still capture the spirit of being a teenager under both external and internal pressures. Emotive artwork with a lot of character and nuance that isn't overworked, and a heavy, atmospheric soundtrack that catches you off guard every now and then to reaffirm the mood.Probably my 4-5th time replaying the game as a whole since its release off Steam. Really poignant game! May have also made me a lil more gay, which is always a plus.FYI, if you play another route in the same sitting as your last and the sprites happen to load incorrectly, you(at least I) can fix it easily by saving, exiting, and reopening the game. Fixed it instantly for me."
,Recommended,435300,34765802,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,can i get a hell yeah
,Not Recommended,435300,21268998,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,aquapainter,"The buggiest VN I've ever played - characters' bodies would just dissapear during multiple playthroughs, leaving them as floating, barely visible faces, and my friend's copy refuses to acknowledge when she's finished a route so she's locked out of the true end despite having finished every other ending, nor will it let her view certain scenes or choices.The game itself has some really good ideas and characters in there, but I honestly did not feel any of it resonating with me despite that it by all means should've been able to, since it's honestly incredibly short (See my playtime of just barely over an hour? That's getting all endings while still having left the window open while doing other things) and once you've finished one ending, you've honestly seen 70% of the game's content, leaving you to skip through the entire game being the exact as before same until you have to make a new choice or actually get to the new ending, which only last about a paragraph's worth or so for both of those. Sure, length might not be everything, but when you're just flying through the game it doesn't make it feel like you've been stuck in this cabin for 12 hours like it should, especially in something that seems to want to pull you into its atmosphere as much as We Know the Devil does. Most major insights into the characters are mostly told through the endings, which again, are short, leaving me little time to really connect with any of them on a more meaningful level, despite how badly I wanted to be able to. Had the game been expanded and polished more, I probably would have enjoyed it much better than I did."
,Recommended,435300,21284829,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,kuroneko,"Above everything, do not watch a playthrough of this game unless you cannot afford to purchase it yourself. Otherwise, please give it a try even if you don't like visual novels. I finished and unlocked all of the achievements within two hours so that's all the time you need to get the full experience of this game.The characters are so well-rounded. I fell in love with Venus from the first moment. Neptune's attitude pulled me in. Jupiter's personality kept me going. Out of the main characters, there is not one of them that you will dislike.The music in the game is great and very atmospheric. At times when action doesn't seem to be happening, the music prepares you for what is GOING to happen. It also helps tremendously in the endings to keep you excited as you read the fates of the main characters.That being said, if you do pick up this game, decide who your favorite is and pick the choices that involve them the most. Go through the endings like this. Don't try to make everyone equal until the last possible moment after you've achieved all of the other endings. All of them are very well-written and enjoyable. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,435300,31535986,Posted: 3 May,all,Xiaomei112,"We Know the Devil is a cute, short fantasy visual novel game about three kids stuck at a extremist religious camp. I don't feel like explaining the plot. So I will just give you the cons and the pros.Pros:- The artwork is adorbs, the photographic backgrounds are beautiful. This game feels nostalgic and very 80s.- The OST is amazing. Although a little ear piercing at certain parts of the game. But overall it fits the eerie, surrealist theme. You can just feel the devil lurking in your ear drums but the bitter sweetness of finding one's self, coming of age, scares it away.- The writing is minimal and down to earth, it's the right voice for teen characters who only have one goal, which is to survive the camp hell. Yet, it feels poetic, like the desperate need to burst from one's shell, to expose a secret held for too long. Which is literally what's happening in this game too.Cons- If you're expecting a horror game with blood and guts and screams. This isn't for you.- If you're looking for something more fantastical and action driven. This isn't for you. This game is focused on dialogue and relationships.- If you're looking for something literal and straight forward. This isn't for you."
,Recommended,435300,32871670,Posted: 27 June,all,Tiff,"We Know the Devil is more of an interactive short story than a game, by some standards (a few hours depending on how fast you go through the dialogue), but the minimal interactivity it has matters a lot.It's queer. It's scary. It's funny. It's sad. It's happy. It's bleak. It's hopeful. It's beautiful. It pulled my emotions every which way and I loved every moment of it.Cannot reccommend this enough. <3(One small note: there's a bug with Steam that breaks the game at certain points for some people, there's a fix for thathere.)"
,Recommended,435300,29390422,Posted: 20 January,all,wizard of guns,i didn't think an entirely text based game could make me cry after a year of emotional dead-ness but it DID
,Recommended,435300,25956529,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,"tom ""good posts"" bomp","Great, emotional game. Probably makes more sense if you're LGBT/in a certain millieu. But it's good. There are multiple endings and paths etc but the fast forward button is v handy to avoid sitting through tons of stuff you've seen before. I cried a lot"
,Recommended,435300,33060589,Posted: 30 June,all,PerennialMadness,"God.. This game gave my little queer heart chills. Every ending but the true ending was heart wrenching (I honestly felt like the worst parent in the world). The true ending however.. Played around a lot with our percieved definitions of good and evil, and I really liked that too. It's a must play with everyone who has an extra hour to spare and has that intense yearning for LGBTQ+ media that I do.c: !Hail satan <3 !"
,Recommended,435300,31708666,Posted: 12 May,all,Zephiie,wasn't needlessly dense and let me be gay in a horror setting
76561198012556913,Recommended,435300,30628064,Posted: 19 March,all,Big Bossu,Do you like devils and gays? Well here you go sire
,Recommended,435300,23770660,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,deadering,"Honestly I have really mixed feelings about this one. I'll leave my review positive as I guess I liked it.First off it's incredibly short. I beat my first play through in less than an hour. There are only a handful of choices through the game.I really like the art (the only reason I bought it) but it's severally and tragically lacking event art. The whole time they are describing weird stuff but never show anything but the characters and photo backgrounds (with one exception).I found the story to be alright. I liked strange bits but the game felt more like a fragment of a real visual novel than a complete piece on it's own. It starts and ends quite abruptly with no elaboration on any part of what little story there is.The music is top notch, I really have to say. It was just enjoyable and really fitting. The sound effects were really fitting as well, definitely added a lot to the creepy atmosphere.Really I found this game more depressing than anything. Nothing to do with the story, just all the failed potential. I really wanted there to just be... more. It ends before it even has a chance to be good, before you have a chance to care about the characters, or before you can even know anything about this world.Sadly We Know the Devil is barebones in every way. The art, while gorgeous, really is only a handful of character sprites. The story, while somewhat interesting, has no introduction and before you can get a handle on anything is over. The characters and their relationships, while occasionally realistic and believable, have little time to do anything meaningful or change. In fact most of their interactions feel forced there is so little time to work with.Anyway I guess this turned into a bit of a rant because I was so let down. Ultimately what little the game actually does is done pretty well. It's definitely unique and what little they hinted at of the setting seemed quite interesting.That's the problem though. It's not just some mediocre game to forget about. It's a unique little gem that failed to live up to it's potential.Truly the most heartbreaking kind of game...I really hope we see more in the future."
,Recommended,435300,25205724,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shé,>Dynamic Crying and Dying Action™also lesbians ツ
,Recommended,435300,26278334,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Deine Angst,"WHAT KIND OF DEVIL DO YOU POSESS, MOJ PRIJATELJ?Despite me being pure hetero, I did enjoy this VNI personally had much better time at summer camps, but that doesn't mean I don't have demons inside me screaming and craving for feeding and acceptance like greed, wrath, tendency to send everyone who tries to show he knows stuff better to hell and will of success and showing offAnd let's admit it, everybody has their ownDo you remember those dumb and tasteless movies about teenagers (especially horror ones) doing dumb things?THIS is a story about teenagers facing their own demons done right. It covers almost everything it should: friendship, loneliness, love, fears, looking for who you are and struggle with norms of society without making you sickYeah, it's surreal, confusing at first, but satisfying and awesome once you finally understand the plot thinking over it multiple timesDespite the fact I have become much more rational, cool-headed and stone-hearted than when I was a child, it made me remember some feelings I haven't had for quite a long time and everyone I chose to go on caring about and those I chose to leave behind to deal with their devils themselvesAnd now I wonder how my own one would look like and whether I would ever completely accept it...I guess this VN won't suit everyone. But still give it a tryThe hell is empty, and all devils are here..."
76561198056140672,Recommended,435300,22862455,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Yotsuba no Clover,"I enjoyed this VN a lot, tbh. Good art style, interesting story and an amazing atmosphere.You can be a little lost on your first playthrough because the narrative sometimes lack of descriptions and some plot details are unexplained until you play the other routes and connect the dots. It's a story that makes you think and analyze a little what you're reading; so I think if you like this narrative or not is up to you. Personally I felt frustrated at first because I didn't understand♥♥♥♥♥♥ but then I put two and two together and really enjoyed the game.I really loved the characters, they're awesomely well written! And the music is what really puts the atmosphere here. It got on my nerves a lot tho, and it was a bit loud at some points. Despite that and the fact you've played it all in two hours is a game that I really recommend if you're craving for a good story with complex characters."
76561198150358588,Recommended,435300,27514082,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gimladen,"A little gem, sometimes funny, sometimes sad, sometimes downright frightening. Great characters that a lot of people can relate to. Really worth it."
,Recommended,435300,33115738,Posted: 1 July,all,axl time,its very good and relatable and i cried a lot 10/10
,Recommended,435300,33159595,Posted: 2 July,all,cnb.morwrom,"Fairly short, but still a decent read. It did feel like true ending was trying a bit too hard to be deep and meaningful while also sounding ambiguous as heck, though. Overall I'd give it a 4/5."
76561197977710642,Recommended,435300,33840950,Posted: 27 July,all,MechaMarshmallow,"Anarchronistic magical rituals, relatably real queer teens and a creepy bible summer camp. It's weird and funny and creepy and one of the best VNs I've had the pleasure of playing. Short and well priced enough that it doesn't feel like a weighty investment of time and energy, like so many VNs do."
76561198183852738,Recommended,435300,28809624,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cassjosie,"The game while it is a little short, has a lot of nice things about it. I love the artstyle and music put into this game. The characters are memorable and have stuck with me for a while now."
76561198262374059,Recommended,435300,24035544,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,azuresquirrel,This game is everything that Puella Magi Madoka Magica should have actually been.
,Recommended,435300,21264778,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,sheepssleep,"I love this game! The story line is intresting, the art has a very cool style too it, and the soundtrack fits perfectly! It is worth the buy, this is one of my all time favorite games/visual novels!"
,Recommended,435300,21917450,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,i fucking am a fucking weed slut,Neptune is a ♥♥♥♥♥. My favourite ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198014061268,Recommended,435300,25791374,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Fashion Badger,"Very strange and surreal, very beautiful.  I don't think I've ever played a game before that's stayed with me like this.  It's a short game, but take it slowly, if you can.  The game doesn't offer exposition, so it will likely be confusing at first, but stay with it.  Worth the time and effort to get all endings.  I can't get this game out of my head."
,Recommended,435300,24163411,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,agentstarlings,"This game perfectly tapped into the queer teen summer camp nostalgia experience, which itself is the highest recommendation I can give. The undercurrent of things nobody talks about out loud. The nervous thrill of maybe making that connection with someone who is like you when you didn't think that was even possible. The social groups that pull you in seemingly only to make it hurt more when you are inevitably cut out. The shame of seeing other people having the perfect summer camp experience and wondering, why can't I feel like that? At a certain point, you have to conclude, as Jupiter and Neptune and Venus do, that there's something wrong with you. Something on the inside. That feeling of wrongness, of being a Bad Kid, is what We Know The Devil is about.Other notes:- The girls generally have realistic dialogue without trying to insert cutting-edge slang (no ""ready for the mosh pit shaka-brah"" here).- It's not overwritten, which was a big plus to me (and part of the reason WKTD was created IIRC?).- The music is pretty good, although playing through every route in a row did mean that the repetition wore a little.- The combination of drawn sprites and photograph backgrounds was excellent and enhanced the atmosphere of the game.- Related: I really enjoyed the art style. The girls all have distinctive looks, and the later characters (avoiding spoilers) are super creepy and well-done.- Each of the girls' storylines were really moving to me, and I found something I related with in all of them. (Neptune is definitely my favorite though.)- The setting's vagueness was a draw in some respects and a turn-off in others - there's a fine line between leaving things open to interpretation and just not explaining well, and to me it definitely dipped into the latter at times.- There were some genuinely scary moments (mostly on the Blue Route for me), as well as some ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; lines.- ""Finding God is pretty easy; he's 109.8FM."" for best line of the game, y/y?- The captain looks like a thumb for some reason and I love it.Overall, 10/10, strongly recommended."
76561198203033372,Recommended,435300,24367808,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nev999,"Magical girl references plus beautiful, poetic writing plus cleverly written metaphors plus examination of social pressures, teenage alienation and queer struggles equals a story designed for me to love. This is a game so nice I played it twice. I played it when it first came out, but when I saw it on Steam I knew I had to get it and replay for fancy acheivements."
,Recommended,435300,21610093,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This is an unique VN. The story was amazing plus the soundtrack is just perfect. It’s a short game tho, but I highly recommend getting this one on full price if you have some money left. It’s really worth it.10/10. I want to hug all these characters and never let them go."
,Recommended,435300,25954500,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,gay death star,"I loved this game-- the artwork, the music, and the gameplay are all great. The 80s synthwave background music really makes the atmosphere. This game is completely worth the cheap price, and has provided me with plenty of gameplay time. The characters are unique and I found something I loved and could relate to in each one of them. The way the other campers are presented are both humorous and concering at the same time. The main three characters bring up several different subjects that really make you think about both the game as well as an opportunity to reflect on yourself and your life.My only dislike is that it can get kind of boring if you do each route one after the other, so I would recommend doing a route and waiting a while to come back to it. Certain things change based on your choices, but the baseline of the story remains the same and is less fun if you do it several times right in a row."
76561198076464069,Recommended,435300,28707332,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Einhell,"They're my children now. Hail satan.I enjoyed the characters and their struggles, but i would have liked more details on the world could have been slipped in, and also more than just passing descriptions about the weirder not-normal mundane items."
,Recommended,435300,28821332,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nico nico no,this game speaks to me so much as a gay little heathen who was sent to church camp more than once. Hail Satan.
76561198006506021,Recommended,435300,33283862,Posted: 5 July,all,Curly Brace,I don't imagine I'll ever stop thinking about this game.Essential.
,Recommended,435300,28701389,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Carro,This game literally changed my life.  One of the most soul-touching games I have ever played.
,Recommended,435300,28953861,Posted: 2 January,all,WarezWaldo,a delightfully weird and somewhat subversive visual novel.
,Recommended,435300,30462966,Posted: 11 March,all,Official KIDF,"A short but heartfelt character study, and a good way to spend an evening."
,Recommended,435300,30840238,Posted: 30 March,all,Switchbreak,"Short, full of shadows. Everything alluded to but hidden from sight. Longing and fear. Music that is noisy, pounding, overwhelming. I want more of it."
,Recommended,435300,33068764,Posted: 30 June,all,Ryvvn,"Not your ordinary summer camp, but I loved spending my time here; finding all four endings is not too tasking and is very highly encouraged! And then I'd recommend you seek out the prologue, We Know the Demo, and enjoy the short time it takes to see all the endings there as well."
76561198099472298,Recommended,435300,33190896,Posted: 3 July,all,Dee Dee,This is one of my top ten favorite games if not the actual favorite number one game. I love all the characters to death and they've all helped me understand myself a little better.
,Recommended,435300,34070067,Posted: 6 August,all,Arvanion,"Despite its brevity,We Know the Devilis a haunting look into the experience of queer youth in the religious environment of the American Midwest. The story itself didn't take me long to read, but the questions of theology and identity that it raised have lingered with me ever since."
,Recommended,435300,27977534,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ancuribe,"Like ""one of those"" trendsters, I'm gonna casually drop a line about how I played this great game on Date Nighto back in the day and how happy I was to see it greenlit for Steam. Wish I could nominate it for all the Steam Award categories regardless of relevance.Also, pretty sure this game made me queer. Like, I def was before, but this game brought out the true beauty of it. Now I'm dating the girl that told me about this game! Yeah! This game is the best!"
,Recommended,435300,29062641,Posted: 6 January,all,Revolutionary Girl,Honestly this game is the most important one i have ever and will ever play
,Recommended,435300,22714594,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,citriccenobite,"Fantastic story, fantastic music, fantastic art direction. I think We Know The Devil's gameplay is an interesting takeoff on the typical dating sim visual novel format, but the story it manages to tell is not only very interesting but resonated with me personally. My only real complaint is that I wish it had more to it, as it only takes a few hours tops to run through all the routes and you'll probably be revisiting quite a few scenes while you go for the final ones. Otherwise fantastic.Also I'm gay"
76561198000602478,Recommended,435300,21297398,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jakeofravenclaw,"I really, really liked this game, although it may not be for everyone. Some basic notes:-- This is a visual novel, and pretty much entirely story based. Don't expect exploration/gameplay.-- There are four endings, and to get the most out of the story you will definitely want to get all of them. My first playthrough took about 45 minutes, and getting all the endings took about two hours in total (you can fastforward through repeated sections on subsequent playthroughs). I'd recommend saving the ""balanced"" ending for last (this will make sense once you play the game).-- The writing can get pretty symbolic/abstract at times. It's very accessible and surprisingly funny for the most part, but it also deliberately gets very weird at certain points. I'd argue that it's still pretty easy to understand the writer's intention, especially once you've gotten a couple of different endings, but if you just don't like weird prose then this may not be the game for you.So, with that out of the way: this is a game about three kids who spend one night at summer camp in an isolated cabin, waiting for the devil to show up. It's about how they feel about themselves, and how they relate to one another. I don't want to talk too much about the thematic stuff for fear of spoilers, but if you can remember being a kid and being afraid that there is something irreparably wrong with you, something that you can't even talk about for fear that your friends will turn on you once they know, you will get a lot out of We Know the Devil. I found it to be genuinely beautiful, and personal in a way that very few games attempt. If that sounds intriguing to you, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,435300,26597889,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lucifer,"My review will be based on: Art style, Story telling, Music & Atmosphere, and overall final thoughts.General WarningsBefore I begin though I want to add some warnings for the game. Don't play this game if:You're a devout christian/catholic/muslim, and cannot stand any positive talk of The Devil, or The Devil being considered a sign of good.You have trauma of being stuck in a ""bad kids"" or ""pray the gay away"" camps, this game centers around being stuck in one. While the game handles it very well, it could still possibly be considered triggering in some cases.You're homophobic, transphobic, or very close minded. This game isn't for you.Okay! Let's begin.Art StylePersonally, I find the art to be very pleasing. It's cute, charming, and unique.The transformation sequences are absolutely beautiful, while still managing to be horrifying.If you're not a fan of cartoon styles, you probably won't like it. I give it a 7/10. It's simple, but manages to be effective.Story TellingThe story is short: you'll probably be able to get all endings in less than 2 hours, and the way its written can be a little confusing at times (Specifically with the narration). It hits hard topics, like the struggles of people in the LGBT community, and strict/abusive adult figures. For being centered around such heavy subjects: it handles it very well. It's nevertoo much. It's just enough to get the point across, and doesn't over do it with making it tragic and oh woe is me etc. It's just some teenagers, struggling with life and learning to accept themselves. There are typos, and it could be written more clearly at times. The narrations is written so it can be taken as any of the characters together at once, it's never told from a first person pov, it's not about individual growth, it's about growing as friends. I give it a 8/10. I love the way it describes whats happening, it uses beautiful prose, poetry almost, but the typos and other errors take the edge off sometimes.Music & AtmosphereThis soundtrack will definitely not be for everyone. It's very loud and startling, if you use headphones,before you even start the game: set the max volume lower in game. It can really grate your ears sometimes. Despite that, I do enjoy it. It sets the atmosphere very well depending on whats happening. You will feel on edge, scared, like everythings going wrong, or you'll feel overwhelmed, bittersweet happiness, and acceptance.Personal favorite of the track? Draining Neptune.I give it a 5/10. It's probably the weakest point in the game, but it's still tolerable + enjoyable.Overall Final Thoughts.I give this game a 6.5/10.It's short and to the point, a nice way to pass the time. If you're part of the LGBT community, and have struggled with feeling okay with yourself: definitely play this game. If you like witchy things, and enjoy supernatural elements in visual novels: definitely play this game."
76561198139708217,Recommended,435300,29292937,Posted: 16 January,all,Chang'e,HAIL SATAN
76561198067151204,Recommended,435300,26328722,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Castelin,Think twice before you do away with the devil.
,Recommended,435300,28914721,Posted: 1 January,all,royal,"if you play this and you are not queer, you might think it's a strange, short, but kind of interesting game.if you play this and you are queer, it will speak to you and all the hurt you've ever felt in your life."
76561198076019789,Recommended,435300,31554657,Posted: 5 May,all,Auburrito,I feel like I'm late to the WKTD party but damn was this an intense and relevant to my life visual novel. 10/10 gay satan
,Recommended,435300,22058269,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,birdsquared,"please play this game, even if you don't like visual novels. this is too good to pass up."
,Recommended,435300,21418580,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Vualire,"Fantastic game with really fleshed out characters and cathartic truths.its a p decent glimpse into what its like to be othered or left outor more importantly, growing up queer10/10"
,Recommended,435300,21264413,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AlinE9096,"VENUS IS ME. I AM VENUS. WHO TOLD YOU ABOUT MY LIFE???????I wish i had played this game sooner. It is amazingly written and one of the most relatable games I have ever played. There are lots of characters I like, there are lots of characters I see pieces of myself in, but I have never EVER had a character like Venus. Saying more would be spoilers, but if you've ever been the ""weird"" kid, you will find some character to attach to. I love all three of the group so much, each ending left me in tears.Maybe not having this game yet was just fate, bc it seriously came at a perfect time. I am 19 and in my first year of college, living mostly on my own. The themes the game deals with of finding and accepting your true self are exactly the sorts of things I'm living with now.I cannot say enough, so I will leave it here. But please, play this game. Just right now. Do it. The devil wants you."
,Recommended,435300,21356120,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,abstract_armageddon,Weeeeeeeeeeeird ... in a good way
76561197995105285,Recommended,435300,21468760,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,non.horation,"A lot of people have written reviews more eloquent than mine about this game but it affected me so profoundly even on a second playthrough (I bought the game from the publisher at release) that I wanted to at least write something.We Know The Devil is tagged as a horror game but it isn't really the strange radios or the unsettling atmosphere or the exorcism concept that's scary, it's that we do in fact know the devil and it's something that exists in the world outside the game. Everyone who was that undefinably ""weird"" kid but you couldn't put a finger on why until years later will relate to this story. Everyone who shoved a part of themselves down so far and isolated themselves so hard to try and be safe in a world that hates them will relate to this story. (One of the characters says at one point something along the lines of ""what's great about the midwest is that it's fine as long as you don't talk about it"" and if that is a sentiment that you can relate to this game will make you feel something) This is a game about isolation and what happens when you leave people out but it's also a game about finding community and if any of this sounds intriguing at all I'd recommend the game whole-heartedly to you."
76561198044418987,Recommended,435300,24420555,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,swordwitch,A beautiful game with a charming visual style and a soundtrack that sets the perfect mood.  You haven't finished this game until you've played all four endings.  Highly recommended.
76561198044241555,Recommended,435300,23601675,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Swanky,"Very nice, althought it was pretty short even if you play through all the endings."
,Recommended,435300,24951583,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,manwhat,"A short visual novel well worth the price.WKTD is focused on only three characters, taking place over the course of a single night at a summer camp in an alternate universe of strange radios and being a scout (in the 'sailor scout' sense) in training.Gameplay consists of choosing which character to 'exclude' at any one time, having the other two bond. At the end of the night, you meet a devil.The soundtrack is possibly the greatest part - weird electronica tones that make it feel like an 80s teen horror movie.Strongly recommended that after getting a single ending, you go for all the other endings - or at least for the 'complete' ending.Signing off with a quote from the Steam discussion forums on this game:""This game does not have ♥♥♥♥♥, but it does have FEELS and GAY (which is BETTER)"""
,Recommended,435300,25506972,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Deus Aequus,I liked it. Worth a go atleast a bit odd and very short. But like give it a shot if you can.
,Recommended,435300,29402834,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A mysterious and moody game, We Know the Devil explores human nature, anxieties, and morals. It takes some thought to really understand what's going on, and many things go unexplained, but for a few dollars and roughly an hour, this VN is worth a read."
,Recommended,435300,31341996,Posted: 24 April,all,JoeTouhou,"We Know The Devil is an interesting experience in repression, self-hatred, and learning to accept yourself. It certainly might not seem that way early on, or even after your first playthrough, but it's written into the very soul of the game. Even the music evokes a feeling of disruption and panic with some surprising expertise. I don't want to spoil even the slightest thing, so I'll simply say that if you're interested in an amazing visual novel and want to learn where and what the devil is, please pick up this game."
76561198375903505,Recommended,435300,31507486,Posted: 2 May,all,scarlett-holly,A really good game that I very much enjoyed playing!
,Recommended,435300,33039553,Posted: 30 June,all,SpaceTem,This was a beautiful experience!Gay/10 - would cry again.
,Recommended,435300,31362789,Posted: 25 April,all,cahoon,This was...an experience. I found myself playing through every possible ending to see all permutations.
,Recommended,435300,32958048,Posted: 28 June,all,heroedify,This game took less than two hours to beat and I've been thinking about it for three days now.
,Recommended,435300,33958726,Posted: 1 August,all,monstergirling,"This is a game about scrupulosity, ostracization, the body as a vehicle of trauma, self-other differentiation, and apotheosiform transcendence.It's also really ♥♥♥♥ing pretty."
,Recommended,435300,33930152,Posted: 31 July,all,Scoutmaster Rosie,"really really good, though difficult to understand symbolically at first. the dialogue and interaction between the kids is great and even better once you understand what all of it really means. it's heavy and emotional but worthwhile if you stick around for the true ending."
76561198004068349,Recommended,435300,28962285,Posted: 2 January,all,oak606,"The writing and story won't be for everyone, but I personally loved the metaphors and underlying themes of this visual novel. For a short 'game' I was intrigued by the characters which says something about how good the writing is."
76561198021290460,Recommended,435300,30655088,Posted: 21 March,all,Hotboy,Well golly
76561198400200424,Recommended,435300,33895329,Posted: 29 July,all,Leolu,"A really wonderful experience. I definitely think the writing was vague, so I can definitely see why some people who want a story that is more clearly defined and less atmospheric might not be into it, but personally some of the vagueness resonated with me as a person who doesn't understand things that are clear most of the time. It also really resonated with me a lot as an LGBT person.I'd say if you are LGBT and don't mind the vagueness, give this game a chance."
,Recommended,435300,33893107,Posted: 29 July,all,dingschlong fangbanger,"Awesome art and a mysterious, creepy story.  Gave me a bit of existential dread. Recommend."
,Recommended,435300,28755814,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ansi3l,"We know the devil is a good story and (horror)visual novel with great themes of queer alienation.The aesthetic and soundtrack is good and sets a specific kind of mood that I think suits the story's supernatural, horror and queer elements. I definitely love that this whole game is I think both literally and figuratively a metaphor for queerness. The appeal of it is definitely its characters and the situations they're put into that reveal many facets of themselves and make you feel emotional over them(though I guess since it is a shipping simulator as per the description you can assume that much by yourself) especially during the endings. I guess in short the good things in this game is the overall mood, themes of isolation, story, characters and queerness. As for the negative, the only thing is that it's sorta hard to figure out the setting unless you've read about it somewhere beforehand.Some spoilers of the game honestly I didn't realize the events in the game were taking place in a pseudo christian magical( girl) camp until my second playthrough and thought it was about a normal camp with surprise supernatural elements. I definitely appreciate the trans character in the story as a genderqueer individual myself and the gayness is cute, good stuff and i like how the endings where a character was a devil it represented each character's own struggles with their identity and the true ending really got me man.I saw links to buy it on the date nighto site on twitter when it was released but couldn't buy it at the time because i don't have a paypal. For the next few months before it was up on steam I rlly wanted to play it since a lot of peple were talking about it on tumblr and twitter but saw it on steam greenligth a few months later and was glad I could buy it now. bought the game during steams summer sale( i think) so i'm glad i got to play it."
76561198177699033,Recommended,435300,29735302,Posted: 5 February,all,unidentifiable,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥true end made me crybeing an unknowable devil creation would be wonderful
76561198145285316,Recommended,435300,24820293,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,EverettDisaster,"To start off I'd like to say that this was definetly a wonderful visual novel, however there are some things that I have to point out. My first playthrough was moderately confusing because the amount of metaphors and hidden meanings within the game. To add onto that, it's practically impossible to figure out the meanings on your own. Once you play through (try for the red or yellow ending first) I'd recommend looking up a synopsis or reading through discussions on here to really piece the story together. Without finding the true meaning you'll be left after your first playthrough saying 'what the ♥♥♥♥ did I just play' and I doubt you'll be impressed. With that being said, once I found out the true meanings to this story I grew much fonder of the game and thoroughly enjoyed my second playthrough.Secondly, it seems as though everyone adored the music in this game except me. I found it really unenjoyable and rather it sounds much more like plain noise than music. Slightly unbearable, but I'm getting used to it. Update: Idek how but my opinion on the music has done a 180. Hail Satan and Alec Lambert.On the bright side, I grew very fond of the characters, one in particularI LOVE YOU VENUSLoved the visuals with the way the characters were drawn and the over-exposed camera shots for backround. Gave it a 90s feel. Overall, I recommend you purchase the game because deep within it are three beautiful stories of self acceptance that I will not forget. 4/5.Wish it had trading cardsFor those of you who were confused let me try and sum it up here.The story is driven by the idea of the Devil. The Devil represents self-acceptance and how the world tries to repress people (in this game specifically LBGT+) Each character has something that the world has deemed unacceptable. For Jupiter, is that she is a lesbian. For Venus, is that she is a transgender. Neptune has been labeled a♥♥♥♥♥♥and I also assume she is bi. The setting of a Christian summer camp also really drives home the idea of having to conform to the world's standards. With the ending of each story, one of the characters is taken over by the devil, allowing them to accept themself. Another metaphor within the game is the radios. They represent communication and the ability communication has to overcome repression. The only character whose story is a little off the beaten path is Neptune. She herself long ago accepted the bad within her and at the end of her story tries to force the other two into realizing they're bad and accepting themselves.The second meaning within the game is how in a group of three, two will always be closer. Also within the character's age group, usual friendship business usually feels likedevilry.Especially at summer camp.Pretty breif confusion summary, I recommend looking more into it.HAIL SATANStory will leave you a sad, gay, polyamourous, mess"
76561198022508221,Recommended,435300,21297513,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jimirichardson,This story will make your heart throb.
,Recommended,435300,25288291,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Abdhul and The Funky Bunch,One of the most concise games writing-wise. The words are used sparingly and to the best possible effect. Highest of recommendations.
76561198027863771,Recommended,435300,21278504,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Concerned Black Father,"This game is... weird to say the least.Finished two playthroughs and Im still not entirely sure what was going on, but I can say that I enjoyed what I experienced. From the very beginning the game creates an atmosphere where things dont feel quite right. I fell the soundtrack is the main reason for this because its so tense and bassy and it will increase in volume and completely drop out at certain intervals in the game. Lots of strange things happen and there are many conversations about things that have not been explained to player. The game expects you to pick up the pieces and put them together instead of just giving you the answers and I respect that immensly.If your looking for a spooky, tense visual novel about teenagers camping and dont mind putting your mind to work this game is for you"
76561198160984752,Recommended,435300,26224967,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,nonBOOnairy,"I absolutally loved this game! It is a game about summer, about being a teenager, and self discovery. With themes of abuse, religion, social isolation, and being lgbt, this game touches upon dark subjects which is written and handled well.The game is short, but gives a lot of well written dialogue and good story telling in such a short amount of time. The music adds to the atmosphere immensly, and the characters are amazing."
76561197988268008,Recommended,435300,26329255,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Person404,"This game is cheap. This game is short. This game is truly excellent.The visuals have a distinct lo-fi aesthetic that I personally enjoyed, with B&W character spites over polaroid-quality photo backgrounds. It probably won't be to everyone's taste, but the sprites are expressive and go a long way to making the characters endearing.The music is... odd. Not bad, but definitely odd. It fits.The writing is where the game really shines; I don't want to say too much, but it does a lot with a little, both in terms of subtly drawing the characters and making you care about them, and explicating just enough of the setting to keep the plot rolling. I'm literally angry at how good the writing is.One last thing-- WKTD is often called a ""queer"" game, and it is. You definitely don't have to be queer to ""get"" it, though probably it helps. It's not a piece speaking solely to that group, though it's also not interested in making any apologies."
,Not Recommended,435300,28557548,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,orange,"WKTD appeals to a very specific demographic. There were a lot of moments while I played it where I thought I might like it in the end but it never held up.There's a severe lack of exposition for things that really should have SOME explanation. I read on the wikia afterwards to try and clear things up, to see if I'd just misclicked past something and missed composition, and I didn't. The games just missing alot of what it should have to feel like a satisfying visual novel. Having basically less than a paragraph of exposition and then multiple paragraphs of dialouge that's vague and feels like the characters haven't ever spoken to another person is just annoying.I liked the art but overall it feels like there wasn't a whole lot of thought put into the visuals of the game. The sprites for the camp guy and camp kids (3 kids condensed to one, unmoving sprite) look like putty people compared to the main cast sprites. All of the backgrounds are uninterestingly shot pictures of abandoned / messy buildings and nature shots. It feels like they were done as such more just for... color, and they don't really match up to the sprite art.There's not much to say about the sound design other than it sucks. Weird noises that don't really match up to dialouge, 'music' that sounds like its starting or ending incorrectly---also because of mismatched dialouge, or scene changes---and LOTS of loud and static that seems to be there PURELY for the sake of being loud or static.Again, after reading up on the game I confirmed I understood the premise and everything that was going on dialouge-wise, and I can only say it's poorly executed. It feels interesting, it feels like something I'd like, the few things that appeared in the exposition sounded like something I'd enjoy reading about but... it's just not there. Visual novels especially need exposition to flush out the setting and the details and make the story being partially visualized a good one, and they don't do it."
,Recommended,435300,21252458,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,big sister machine,we know the devil is a great game. every time i play it i have an emotional breakdown. i have played it at least 6 times10/10. goty
,Recommended,435300,21495990,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ＡＮＤＹ,"The interactions in this game, very cute oml. I love Jupiter x Neptune (I'm gay trash, sorry lol.) The art is cute too, and the deep meaning of the story ;7; Makes me wanna cry but not at the same time."
,Recommended,435300,21260293,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Lily Bunny,It should have been me.
,Recommended,435300,30327063,Posted: 4 March,all,mrow,"great gay game with awesome music, characters, and storyline. also im rly gay for neptune."
,Not Recommended,435300,29662795,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"We Know The Devil has an interesting concept and presentation for visual novel standards, but unfortunately an all too familiar lack of regard for the player's moral understanding, with themes that are both too on-the-nose and too murky. The base understanding of what the game is trying to say is there, but the connections are tenuous if the metaphors exist at all, making the story hard to connect with. This is not helped by dialogue writing that is simply unrealistic, each main character feeling like a foil for the author.When the store page presents a better description for the different paths and Game Over states than the writing belies, you know a game has a problem with clarity.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIQgqlZgLAo"
,Recommended,435300,28962706,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,fun distraction
,Recommended,435300,26986711,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,femslashfatale,"im gay and in tears, thank you for making this game"
,Recommended,435300,21255220,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nellodee,"Intense. More than lived up to the (considerable) hype. The writing is so good, it's witty without trying too hard. And the music is incredible. The soundtrack is scarier than most horror games I've played. I'm not all that into the VN genre, but I loved my first playthrough of this and look forward to finding the alternate paths and seeing all the endings. Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,435300,21243347,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BriAnimator,Beautiful game that i haven't stopped thinking about since i played it in SeptemberGet it.Experience it.Cry a lot.
,Recommended,435300,31368663,Posted: 25 April,all,getatangarnett,never played visual novels beforenever really liked the jap game market so I was hesitant>best atmospheric soundtrack Ive ever experienced in a gamemaybe it just stands out because there isn't much to exactly frame the story or impress otherwisestory is aight. kinda authentic teen anguish stuff. really spoke to my inner♥♥♥♥♥hag sensitive teenager self. I liked the game.went on to buy Va11-halla because of this. this game was better. really pleasant surprise and a great way to spend a night.I just came back to update my review. I cannot reccomend this game enough. the ♥♥♥♥ing vague world building and writing will just blow you away. probably the most surprising game I've ever bought on a whim. get it. also I am not a homo. nor do I listen any edgy satanic music. I'm well outside the gay dreadlocked suburban females this game was intended for.
76561198017522231,Recommended,435300,21949489,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ted,"Utterly, surreally beautiful. Hauntingly gorgeous. I love it."
,Recommended,435300,21241568,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,secondseconds,I really want to choose all three.
,Not Recommended,435300,26344795,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,tenshi_a,"It's very, very short (I went through all 4 endings in under 2 and a half hours), has the single worst video game soundtrack I have ever heard in my life (and I have been gaming since around 1982), and didn't make a great deal of sense to me and I am not sure if that's because I'm not an American / Christian and don't understand the cultural refrences, or it's because it's just not very well written.For example, I don't know who the narrator of the story is supposed to be. At some points it uses the word ""we"" as if it's one of the characters, but then it refers to all three of the characters in third person. So... who is it?The story is about 3 teenagers who are sent to a summer camp (as punishment for being ""bad"") and have to get involved with some weird Christian ritual and... the story climaxes, and... it's really a big pile of... nothing impactful, you know?I mean, I kind of understood what the story was but I couldn't navigate my way through the metaphors vs the literal at the end of each story to find out what the author was actually trying to say. It's like they were too busy putting words together to stop and consider that someone might want to read them and need to derive actual meaning out of them to consider an ending worthwhile. The whole thing is just completely dissatifying.All I got from this game is - I am very glad not to be an American teenager with weird Christian parents or ♥♥♥♥ed up by weird Christian beliefs and rituals. Wow.But, eh, that's really nothing new. I mean, every single human being who is not an American teenager with weird Christian parents or ♥♥♥♥ed up by weird Christian beliefs and rituals is probably glad not to be one. I mean, duh~~.Oh and wow the soundtrack was awful. Lots of distortion and feedback and not good, not atmospheric, not unsettling, just... bad. I felt quite sorry for my speakers."
,Recommended,435300,21318859,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jojomo,"I'm going my second round on this.  It's quite loveable!  Very loveable.  Super loveable!  The dialogue really fleshes out the characters personas.  Likewise, the story stays mysterious, up until the end.  I know that I have to play this a few times to get the bigger picture.  Likewise, I hilariously enough thought this was a game about three women.  I (within the first five minutes) found out that Venus was a man.  That's ha-ha-hilarious!  Him and his little cherub face.  I'm going to attempt to play this more hetero-based, to squeeze out more story.  I got it first to go as queer as the day is long.  Thanks for repping us folk!  Supported the BGM maker too, he's great!  Can't remember if the soundtrack is being offered here, but I know it's on bandcamp.  Check it out, it's can hold it's own in your music collection if you're a fan of plodding atmospheric tunes."
76561198080531767,Recommended,435300,23527503,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,"""オムノム""  //  ""OMNOM""",Am I gay because I liked this game ?
76561198277620471,Not Recommended,435300,26639020,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,beep beep LECHUGA,"sadly, i dont reccomend.- i thought it was a horror game but it wasn't :V- there isnt really enough time to get connected to the characters, or see them change very much. plot? whats a plot.i had pokerface throughout the entire game bcuz it didnt rlly touch or move me in any way- the story is kinda rambly/ unclear. maybe that was a stylistic choice, but sometimes (most of the time) you didnt get what point was being made.-music, makes ur ears scream. turn down the volume asap.+i love the art style+good lgbt/ religious themes. also themes about pacifism vs. being brutally honest.+themes about self- esteem+themes about self flaws (which could have been done better, with character developement and more characterization and stuff)there are good things about this game. but idk. imo it could have been done better, if there was more time spent on it maybe. thats basically my verdict. you tried but didnt *quite* do it. undeveloped ideas.i guess it just takes a really long time to finish it and appreciate it. its so abstract and metaphorical."
,Not Recommended,435300,33068640,Posted: 30 June,all,Istanbul,"We know the devil was a vaguely written undescriptive mess. It was clearly written with the intention of seeming ambiguous, but it came off more as if the author didn't know about the things they were writing about."
76561198045446143,Not Recommended,435300,24447479,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,JanitorJoey,"Seriously, you can’t release a visual novel (in which all you do is read text) with such clunky, incompressible, obnoxious writing. This story was a slog to get through, despite being one of the shortest and least satisfying visual novels I’ve ever finished.The atmosphere is pretty on-point both visually and audibly and I think the themes present have good potential. But each scene feels totally detached and random, there’s very little context, and the writing does a poor job communicating the action between dialogue (especially the supernatural elements).Truly a disappointing experience. If you want an engaging LGBTQ story with interesting characters and a fleshed-out, fun world play Read Only Memories instead."
76561198344161112,Not Recommended,435300,26626243,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tiross,"honestly one of the slowest, most boring games/graphic novels I have ever read. would not recommend to anyone, this was insanely boring with minimal artwork and a relatively pointless plot that ends with no conflict or resolution, it literally just describes these kids night in a forest and then it ends, no major plot points whatsoever."
76561198043103788,Not Recommended,435300,30581761,Posted: 17 March,all,Idranoid,"We know the Devil is a bit of a tough game for me to review simply because it not only was confusing (due to a lack of exposition) but also pushed me away from it due to the sheer confusion I had in the 20 minutes of the game i tried it out inIt takes a very specific type of person to enjoy this game if you ask me, experience with these things helps as well which I do not have.First thing you need to note is that, yes the backgrounds are pictures and yes this does clash with the game's sprites... a lot, which I supose is either due to lack of a budget or an artistic decision.The music is alright, I haven't really given it a good listen but it doesn't seem anything noteworthy, nothing terrible but nothing amazing either.The writting... is a bit of a problem, wait no, a big problem and here's a few points why;1.There's little to no exposition behind everything the characters say, leaving the player in the dark VERY often.2.Choices are terribly made, characters might be discussing between one another when suddenly you get presented by a choice which is simply two symbols with little to no explanation as to what the choice IS, this is a major problem considering how important some of these choices turn out to be later on.3.This is a LGBT- whatever focused game, and it feels that way, this is a negative point because, while I don't have anything against LGBT, but having it in my face for the duration of the game was annoying and ultimately felt unecessary, even with the especially christian setting.Overall? I would not recomend this game, I probably won't but for those that want to play it, be aware that this game has flaws... a lot of them, the game is very confusing and left me very confused about what it wanted out of me, wait for a sale if you really want this game as 8$ is not worth paying if you want this game..."
76561198089285423,Not Recommended,435300,21262680,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sarx,"Someone scraped by in their A level IT class with this ""production"".. They totally kicked♥♥♥♥♥in their English Lit tho!!also if that review wasn't interesting enough...Imagine FF7.. without a directional keypad... or the 3 other CDs of content... and a professional artist on a half day temp contract.. and the artwork took more than 1 day ...and Sephiroth was whiney as hell ...and it was formatted for the nintondo Game Boy ... and it featured Emos.. oh wait..Scratch that.. it's Pokemon without the Pokemon... and team rocket is a euphamism.also.. there's no way the product you serve is worth of your creatively intended $6.66... there's just too little involvement to call this a ""game"".Summary----------I would feel less like i've been cheated out of my money if a tramp I just gave my £10 to use it to light his cuban cigar.Im sure you would excel in creating games to draw people to websites and gain more money in traffic affiliation than you would selling games on steam if you don't plan on reworking your dedication to creative development."
,Recommended,435300,21482635,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jersey Devil 2k17,"We Know the Devil is a game that revolves around three teenagers as they attend a religious camp for the summer. Each character has their own faults but these faults are something that make the characters feel real. And, as you play through each possibly ending for the game, the reason for these faults become evident.Tips for playing the game:Play favorites first.Don't rush through the game. It's short, and only took me around 2 hours to complete with all endings.Play through this completely blind. Trust me.At 4 or 5am the soundtrack will have these screeching alarms go off. I'd suggest turning down your voume for that hourIt's not really a horror game(save for a few images towards the end), and is more a psychological horror. So, don't expect a lot of horror.This game is easily one of my favorites just because of the characters and the way they grow and interact and experience their devils. If you have $8 to spare, play this game."
,Recommended,435300,21487389,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jinxybat,"First of all, this game has fastastic sound effects, and I love the dialogue. I found myself laughing along with the characters, and I never knew how the choices I made would effect the game, so it was really surprising.I would love for their to be more endings besides the ones given, because I will be playing this one again very soon."
,Recommended,435300,21377830,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Pickle Boy,"OK SO IF YOU WANT TO BUY THIS, RELOAD YOUR SAVES FROM THE MAIN MENU. DONT TRY TO DO IT IN GAME. this avoids the worst bugs ive found.i don't like visual novels and i really like we know the devil.  it not being like other vn's helps with that: the art design, soundtrack, and writing all come together to give it a really unique, psychological horror vibe (no jump scares or gore, only the music and sound effects may be startling at times). but the biggest reason i like it is because it's a good story and the depictions of its 3 teenage main characters are more honest than almost anything video games have tried.if the rest of these reviews dont make it obvious then the gay undertones are so massive that theyve upgraded to gay overtones. it's not just ""cute yuri"" or whatever, it touches on society's effects on girls/anyone growing up LGBT. never outright says it but, knowing the authors' interests, that oughta be a big part of whatever interpretations you bring.is it confusing? i wasn't confused after i completed it but i admit you gotta apply yourself a bit. some stuff is vague yeah, like what the rules of this world are supposed to be to an outside observer, but wktd is specific right where it needs to be i think. just focus on how characters interact, why they say the things they say and think the ways they do in the kind of world they're placed in, you'll find it touches on subjects closer to reality than you'd think in a world where god and the devil are tangible and magical girls are probably real. god and the devil do matter a bit in this story, but don't sweat the details too much.is it too short? i disagree. it won't take you longer than 3 hrs to beat and the story doesn't need to be explored further than it is. being longer would cheapen it in my opinion. some people thought it needed fleshing out but i don't think you should flesh out what is intentionally cryptic in the first place.the bad things ill say about it are that some paths in this game may give you a weird result, so try to make choices with a certain pairing in mind, especially on your first try. sometimes the options in the bottom left wont work. the character designs do buggy stuff occasionally but ive fixed it by reloading a save. and here's some Hot Gamer Advice: once you get three endings, try one more playthru where you do your best to choose every pairing equally, even if it seems impossible.in short this game is sweet and sad and i saw bits of myself as a teenager in it. if doesn't have to change your life, but i think there should be more games like this: touching on ""real"" topics with the amount of care and love for its characters WKTD has. please get it. if you liked it dont refund it because that♥♥♥♥♥♥s for losers."
76561198116085127,Recommended,435300,21361558,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,glossopetrae,"Man, I haven't had a game hit me so hard in a very long time.This game is subtle and fantastic and it's about three kids dealing with otherworldly temptation.It's set in a world very similar to our own, with only hints of eerie worldbuilding.It explores the experiences of growing up dealing with homophobia, abuse and transphobia without discussing it overtly. It manages to catch you in the heartstrings without being explicit. The music and backgrounds are very atmospheric and nostalgic and draw you in.This game needs a little investment of time and attention to fall in love with it's characters but it's very lucrative. I wishI reccommend playing all the pairing routes before playing for the true ending.10/10 this game messed me up, I cried, converted to satanism and I want a sequel"
76561198039108420,Recommended,435300,21371903,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,5pak,"Imagine No Exit and Lost at Sea, told as if they were Madoka Magica and the Blair Witch Project.What I'm saying is this game is very good.Let's start with what's wrong with this game and get it out of the way:1. It needs a copy editor. If your game is text-based, for the love of God get the text right. Typos are not allowed, especially if a game's story is already obscure. Which leads to point two...2. This game is very obscure. The story actively does not like you. It will not tell you things you want to know. It will not tell you what has happened, who these people are, what is going on, where we are, when we are, why this is, what's the point, sometimes it won't even tell you what you are seeing right now. The story is minimalist, sometimes to a fault.So there's two bad things about this game. My recommendation falls on every single thing else.First off, this is some really good writing. Don't get me wrong; it's sort of thing written in heady days of late youth when emotions are right on the surface of your skin and always get mixed up with your sensations. But, man, is it some stellar writing. Some of the prose here is downright beatific. When it hits its peaks, it's numinous. Thanks to the short runtime of the game (which I count as a benefit, not a mark against it), you will be eating the writing up like a meal you've not had in two decades. Enjoy it.Second, the visuals and sounds are, like the writing, minimal and thankfully not distracting except for one shock track which always starts off as if it were poorly edited in. The mix of simple cut-out characters over rustic backgrounds is all the story needs. The jarring, industrial soundtrack fits the mood of the game perfectly.Third, the characters are bleeding-heart open to the reader. There is no dullness in them, no fluff. Every line of dialogue matters and every action matters. What I'm saying is they are honesty interesting and you care about them and junk.Finally, while I feel the game's religious overtones are treated more as stage-dressing than anything meaningful, they are darn good stage-dressing and fit perfectly. The atmosphere of this game is holy as your heart in a prayer and thick as communion wine. It's a sacrament that will move you.This game is good. It's short, fierce, and damnably honest. There is no excess or baggage. The game intends to give you a moment of transcendence and leave you panting with your feet on the ground ten minutes later. You will have that transcendence."
,Recommended,435300,22056901,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ariamaki,"Disclaimer: This is one of my all-time favorite games. Between the original browser version and getting the Steam achievements under my belt, I've now played through it sixteen full times. To be honest? I'll be playing it at least four times more every year from now until the end of linear time, at a bare minimum. It's an important game, it's a funny game, it's emotional and cute and draining and hot and uplifting and hurtful, and you *see yourself in it*. Even if it's only in a little part, you see yourself in -something-, because the writing is so strong, the people so real, the situations... True.I recommend this game without reservation to anyone with the patience, time, and finances."
,Recommended,435300,21940905,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ClydeCycle,once i heard of this game i immediatly went to buy it and now i have this sick weird feeling in my stomach that isnt bad but isnt good and something like this game shows a good fundemental representation of growing up. good game !
76561198300297476,Recommended,435300,24800658,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"I loved the style of this game - both in terms of art and the writing. The two work well together, with the art complimenting the writing instead of propping it up. The writing is very good; it's poetic, well-structured and concise. The characters are interesting, and their inner workings are explored skillfully. The subtle defamiliarisation of the world was intriguing, and it really added to the eerie tone. I love that things aren't just spoonfed to the reader and there was actually stuff for me to sink my teeth into.It's short, but I can forgive it for that on account of the good writing, though the price still feels a little high. Buy it on sale."
76561198063400173,Recommended,435300,24893014,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,trans heavy,I'm very in love with this game
76561198191252605,Recommended,435300,26696569,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Py,"Regrattebly short but still very powerful. I get that this game isn't for everyone, but it did for me.I'd advise you look up this game's information in detail rather than the very vague description steam gives about it to know if this game is something you'd like or not or if you'd be willing to pay for it despite how short it is.With that said, I'd still recommend without a second thought to those who think they might enjoy it. I know I did."
,Recommended,435300,26984727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BorneoWaterCat,sweet good god i thought this game had been over-hyped but i was WRONG.
76561198017452911,Recommended,435300,26976457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erilex,"This is a good game! Fantastic atmosphere, killer soundtrack, beautiful art, expert tugging at the heartstrings. You should probably play it!"
,Recommended,435300,25704656,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HAIL 9000,super gay 10/10
,Recommended,435300,25640859,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dev,"I love this game, it gave me what I wanted out of it. I just wish it was longer, it takes a couple hours to find all of the endings. This makes me want more lore of the world the characters are in, I hope to see more in the future!"
,Recommended,435300,23662901,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kayweather,"This is a very interesting game that stands out among other visual novels. Its short but unusual storyline has some horror elements, but it's hard to call it a horror game. It's more of a psychological workout, both for its characters and its players. There are things in the dialogue of this game that hit like a sackful of bricks, especially if (like me) you see a reflection of some of your own ""bad"" thoughts within them. The sound design and visuals also serve this strange game perfectly.The play time is short, but I expect I'll be thinking about it long, long after tonight. I also suspect it might be the first VN-style game I end up replaying completely, because I definitely think it warrants a second read through."
,Recommended,435300,23747960,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Booby Boy,"I first heard about this game some time ago and was waiting for a sale since it was not on my 'must have or I will die' list. Now that I played it I'm sure it got a spot on 'Games that made me think and I was really impressed by them'. So yea We Know the Devil leaved me amazed at how well the game dealt with some heavy in modern society problems. It did a great job at showing how acceptance is important, and it's not only about accepting others but also yourself. Even the visuals and music takes you right into the world of WKTD and don't let go till you end all the routs, so you can answer all of your questions. I went through this journey along side some great characters whose problems hit close home. Because of that I can't stress how important the moral of this story is for me. And so this game is not expensive and not even that long (all endings took me 2.7h), so just for the sake of going through this experience try it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,435300,23720438,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,gamergrrrl,"This game is so good! It's so interesting and somehow it makes me want to understand it completely. I'm definitely going to be replaying, and it short enough to do that so that's good. I love the idea, the characters, the use of photos for the background, the setting. It's just so original to me, I'm very impressed.Oh and something about it reminds me of OFF by Mortis Ghost, but I have no clue what."
,Recommended,435300,24084122,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,its you and meme babe,"the atmosphere was so perfect, the music was amazing, and i really got attached to the characters.definitely don't go for the true end until you've played the other three endings--and even then be prepared to want to play it another time; there's so many little details in this story you might miss until you've played it all the way through."
76561198005851615,Recommended,435300,22704467,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Scopedog,"This is a very strange game, but I enjoyed it quite a bit.There's not a lot of art, and the backgrounds are all photos albeit interesting ones. The character design is great though. The game's strengths lie in the writing, charactarization and use of music to build tension. It's a lot of Navel gazing teenager Shinji Ikari @#$%! but I found it engaging, poetic, and pretty original."
76561198300809132,Recommended,435300,22670728,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,unmentionable1910,"We know the devil is a homage to magical girls and the occult. Its a story about friendship and love and queerness and identity. Its about feeling like you belong and feeling left behind. Its about striving to be ‘good’ but not being able to because the world is a cruel dark unfair place. Its a story about three bad kids who are only bad because the world deems them to be.Its quintessentionally a story about growing up.Its not often a story gets to the dark pit of me that i try to hide. The embarrassing and dark desire to strip away my skin like an onion , the all consuming hunger of being touched starved, not caring if its caresses or slaps , to wish to cry away everybodies deception like gods flood without the arc. We know the devil is a story about embracing the eldritch horror beating within your own heart , embracing the feeling of being a monster hiding underneath human skin.Its about doing what is best for you , eating that apple not once , but thrice if need be , until you find your happy ending.and i couldnt reccomend it enough"
76561198259874223,Recommended,435300,22524986,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kit,"I found this game via a review on a blog that I follow. I was not disappointed.This game is beautiful in its uniqueness, its characters, its art and its message.I recommend that you play through every single scenario. You learn so much about the characters and their relationships.I love everything about this game.11/10"
,Recommended,435300,22482442,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,gumdrops,AHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561197981162623,Recommended,435300,24148573,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cypress,"Saw this game on LP Archive. I listened to the music, read the story, know it almost as well as if I'd played it myself. And I still bought it.If this game can make me give money to a dev After I've already basically played the game, then you know there's something good here.I don't want to say too much about the story, because there isn't a ton to be said without spoiling it all. But if you've ever been hurt, angry, or alone, this story is for you. If you've ever felt trapped, unwanted, or just plain wrong, this story is for you. If you ever wanted to just get away from it all, this story is fo you. If you've ever been afraid of the devil, this story is for you.We know the Devil. The game starts with that simple statement. Play for yourself, and find out just how true that is."
,Recommended,435300,24135729,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,james t. kirk,"So obvious takeaways here. If you don't enjoy game for plot's sake, don't like thinking heavily on story or don't like visual novels- well it is a visual novel. It's short but told through broad strokes and that's not everyone's style.The thing about WKTD is that it is a short story- it's not made for world building, though it has that, but more about telling the story of the kids who live in it. Think Welcome to Night Vale over traditional fantasy. Think weird. Think unexplainable and abstract about everything but heart.We Know the Devil is about the devil and the kids who know him, about a slice of summer and the feelings of three kids. It's not long and not quite fulfilling just because of how short it is but it's well built. Short and sweet. The music, sprite and background add such great ambiance.For the more literary, it's a bit YA prose, not bad but flourished and almost verse like. It's much like regular fiction but it's enjoyable and since it's platform and style really aim for brief, character centric mystery, it fits well enough. It's a bit less smooth just because the dialogue is regular but the narration aims for a more evocative, poetric feel. It's a bit amateur hour to be honest. While it fits well short, you can see how the game can be expanded better and written in a way that flows much better. The bits of prose are nice and there are occasional flashes of brilliance but it's rough around the edges, likes the writer doesn't quite now how to best carry the ideas forward cohesively."
76561198083576954,Recommended,435300,32647420,Posted: 22 June,all,Azarath,"A low rent yet chilling experience, great for a night of paranoia. 7.5/10"
