user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,435530,30678170,Posted: 22 March,all,bahumutx13,"Story is interesting and I certainly liked the scenery.Definitely has a good starting feel to it.But about 1/4 way through it gets dull.Train portion of the game is super boring. Thought it would have a lot more of a robust survial sim aspect to it. Not just click buttons and feed your passengers food and medkits.Combat has very few enemy types and very repetitive setups.Most areas are very simple paths, very unimaginitive dungeons if you will.No bosses, challenging parts, or really anything to make the game stand beyond just a story on wheels."
,Not Recommended,435530,26306351,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,YumaKirosaki,"Pros:+ Fantastic atmosphere, I was intrigued to explore this dying world and its bizarre apocalyptic story.+ Beautiful pixel-inspired art and scenary.+ Interesting mechanics that up the intensity and make you feel like you're running on a timer.+ Overall combat concept is interesting.Cons:- Extremely short. 3 hours with no replay value is NOT a good value for 15$, independent or not. Even getting it at 12$ still felt like far too much. This is particularly disappointing due to the UI and the description on the game page, which leads you to believe the game is far more dense.- Misleading in its complexity and difficulty. The game convinces you its a rough and tough experience where you'll have to manage your supplies, but it practically throws supplies as you, AND the crafting system trivalizes any sort of ""tough choices"" you'd have to make. There's also the fact that it CHECKPOINTS your deaths so if you ♥♥♥♥ up you can just repeat the experience endlessly. And, finally, the actual enemies themselves are pretty easy to get through.- Story is not detailed and its very bland. I feel no connection for my character, and while you can get a grasp as to what the story is, it's no dark souls -- the lore falls very flat. This is particularly disappointing as the world they've built up was so interesting. I would've loved to learn more about the world around me. There are also entire segments that I simply do NOT get at all, and I'm not the only one.- The ending, and overall buildup to it, is very unsatisfactory. I feel like the developers wanted me to feel a ""big bang"" of revelation, of the world moving on past me and my demise being inevitable, unstoppable. However, because I felt no connection to the character, and because the ending ended far too soon, I felt nothing but disappointment. I have no issues with the ending being so fatalistic (apart from it being so damn predictable), but I DO have issue with the fact that it gave me nothing to think on. It was an empty experience.- I feel as though having the 'zombies' be black goop monsters detracted from the overall horror.- Gameplay is pretty linear. I wasn't too bummed out by this, but it kinda made it sound like the survivors need to be found by exploration, yet nearly all (if not all) of them were pretty easy to find.Overall:I wanted to like this game because the concept was very interesting. And, at first, I enjoyed it. However, the game promises a lot of things it simply does NOT deliver by any means. It's not challenging, it isn't that fun, and it definitely isn't that deep.This game is a prime example of what happens when you have a great concept but you rush the final product out.Buy it on sale, while keeping in mind it can be beaten very quickly."
,Recommended,435530,31068818,Posted: 10 April,all,ThisThing,"The Final Station is simply what it is supposed to be - with a damn good story.The graphics is nice. They are not the super detailed pixelart, but it does look good. Backgrounds looks super nice.Combat is not hard at all and simply requires a tiny amount of planning.So it is by no means a hardcore pixel shooter. More like relaxed fun combat. Some like that, other do not. I do.It is made up in train-sections and map-sectionsTrain sections is (to my suprise) much easier than I had expected, though it got a bit hectic in the end.You basically take care of ur passengers (food/medkit), while tending to different 'problems' on ur train.The problems is very basic. It is more the food/medkit part, which u need to conserve carefully.Some did not like this part, as they said it was too easy. I liked it, as I hate super hardcore difficulty. I just want to relax sometimes.Map-sections is what I liked the most. Each time ur train stops at a station, you enter some sort of map. It can be a town, building, underground facility - whatever. Here you run around killing enemies and looting for resources. Food and Medkits is what u really want (to take care of ur passenger). This is a major part of the game, if not the main. You also find new passenger and information about the world (books, notes and such). I never used Medkits for myself and always saved each and everyone for my passengers.Story is actually really really good. It is not directly told, but if u read stuff and pay attention to the environment, then you'll get a good idea of what is going on.The game is re-playable once, if u ask me. I am going to do it for achievements and the fun of it. Sadly it does not really support a multiple re-runs, as u do not get ur end game items with u. There is no New Game+ so to say. You just restart everything. This is why I do not agree with the price. The game is not huge enough for that price tag, yet I do not regret buying it. So if u have few coins left and want a game u can play for days, find another one. If you have money to spare and want a really goood, but small adventure, they buy it.Pros:- Fun and relaxed combat (very simple. Some may not like it.)- Nice graphics. Especially the backgrounds.- Super good story.- Kept me interested all the way to the end. Did not get bored once.- Very fun small hidden notes. Made me laugh quite some times.Cons:- Too short, compared to the price.- No real NG+ even tho it really invites for it to be there.- Too short.- Maybe add a hardmode for the veterans.- Too expensive."
,Not Recommended,435530,25279089,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Redmark,"I didn't have the patience to play the game through twice to see if there even is the possibility to do things otherwise, so I am going to be blunt with my review and possibly make few assumptions that might be untrue.I don't know what I expected from the game, but I didn't exactly get what it looked like at first glance.If you look at the game and expect some sort of nice survival experience where you gather survivors to your train, scrounge cities for supplies and possibly upgrade your train to hold more people and resources and fight off hordes of definitely-not-zombies, you won't find that here.It's basically a ""horror"" sci-fi story. A very linear and a very short one, where your choices won't make any difference, other than getting steam achievements.It is easily completed in one sitting, which I did. Now, I would've been satisfied with the length(that's what she said)if the story had delivered, but it never did. I had more questions after the game than I had to begin with, nothing was explained.Enough with the babbling, lets get the review on.LONGER TEXT INCLUDES SOME SPOILERS, THOSE WHO HAVENT PLAYED YET, CHECK OUT THE SHORTER ONE, if you don't mind spoilers, stick to the one more in-depth[/h1]Here's the longer story:[/h1] (if you wish to hear things in a nutshell, scroll down)First of all, the game was decent, it wasn't bad experience, but it wasnt exactly a rosy one either.The game is cryptic as hell ever since the beginning and even if you go through every single paper piece of information you find, you still won't gather enough puzzle pieces to figure out what's the big picture.About the graphics, they're good looking pixel graphics for the most part, but especially towards the end, you feel like that they just got lazy when a lot of the backgrounds look like they're high definition sprites that are just slightly pixelated in effort to blend in with the rest of the sprites, such as the train and the characters, that are more rough on the edges and more simplified. It's feels like they're from another game and that they do not belong in this one.Maybe it's a deliberate design choice, but they still don't fit together.The combat was lackluster, you could cheese majority of the enemies with your melee and you ever really need bullets on instances where you'd be cornered by a bigger group or when you'd face specific enemy types that either grapple you or explode.And the way the combat was handled was very scarce. There's basically only 2 weapons. A pistol and a shotgun. Yes, I know there is a ""Rifle"" later in the game, but, cmon, it's just an upgrade for the pistol, making it automatic, it even uses the same ammo.Melee was just a slap with your gun or a fist. I would've preferred actual melee weapons, for more variety.The train sections are mostly a chore. Boring repetitive and bad minigames to keep you occupied for majority of the ride until you arrive at the next station.If you have passengers or ""survivors"" on your trains, you hardly ever have the time to listen to them speak about things going on when you're forced to do your chores around the train, making sure things run as they should and that the people are well fed and not bleeding to death through the use of food and medpacks.Now, about the story... The first 1/4 of the story wasnt good. You're dropped into the pants of this middle-aged balding man you know nothing about, in fact, you know more about the people around you, than you know about the character you're playing. You just mind your business and get to work and you're quickly on rails, and there's no turning back. You go from station to station, there's always few ""corrupted"" stations where you need to fight your way out to get a code that allows you to move on. Then there are these non-combat stations where you get to explore what little there is and possibly buy some upgrades for your weapons, some food, medkits and ammo. Oh yeah, and there's only like 2 upgrades for both weapons in the whole game. Pistol gets a laser sight and extended clip. Shotgun gets faster reload and extended clip, that's it, nothing fancy.The 2/4 in the middle of the game is what I enjoyed the most. That's where all the ""meat"" of the game was.The story opened a little bit but still not enough to explain what was going on.Then came the ending that was just begging the question ""That's it?""The problem with the gameplay as a whole was that there wasnt much choice there, no matter what route you took, you'd always end up in where it was intended. There wasnt much to explore in the levels other than few dead-end rooms with possible supplies in them. Other than that, it was just running a straight line from point A to B. They introduce you these interesting cracked walls that you can break with melee or exploding barrels, but they never use them to hide secrets in the levels or possibly offer reroutes, you see them rarely and when used, they're just in the way as a nuisance, rather than a rare discovery.While in the train, you'd occasionally get these messages from random people, supposedly from employees of the same firm you're working for. They talk with you about whatever and the game sometimes offers you to pick between 2 different dialogue choices, and sometimes only 1 for no apparent reason. These MIGHT have effect on what happens next, but as I stated before, I didnt replay the game to see if this was the case, but I assume, your choices here don't matter.Biggest issue was that when things in the story got interesting, the game kinda forgot it's past events and completely starts a new chapter in the middle of things. It basically gets your hopes up but never finishes what it started, and before you know it, it's over.In short:What the game got right-Buildup-Ambiance-Impact of surroundings-Tension-ArtstyleWhat the game needed-More length-Better Writing-Combat variety-Enemy variety-More meaningful things to do-Actual choices that made a difference-Less minigames, more interactions with the survivors/passengers, make the train sections actually matter-Grammar check (There were errors in spelling in some dialogues)-Better price due to it's lack of contentThat's about it.All in all, it's a mediocre story that's constantly teasing you without ever really coming into a conclusion, and after realizing this endless loop, it literallyshoots you in the head.If the writing was better, the lackluster gameplay would've been forgiven, but right about now, it's only a half cooked egg with legs.On a scale of zero to ten, I give it a 5/10.I really wished it had this actual survival aspect to it, but it was basically just a short story that was being slowed by the occasional station runs and train minigames.And I am still none the wiser, what the hell just happened.Buy the game when it's on discount, the ""story"" is not worth 15 dollars as it stands."
76561198030778236,Not Recommended,435530,32710544,Posted: 23 June,all,Whygee,"I'm going to be as honest as I can. It's not a bad game, but:1. it's always just barely enough to make you keep going;2. it lacks genuine entertainement once you figure out how to maximize your resources and the combat mechanics;3. everything during the train phase mostly feels like busybody work devoid of actual value, while the exploration phase feels like a poor~ish ""This War of Mine"";4. the story is passable, but I've never been a huge fan of the ongoing ""wtf is going on?"" narrative which never sets to answer the questions it brings forward. Reminded me of the movie ""The Day After"" (without the good stuff);5. it's a very linear game, streamlined in every way that second servings would be useless and bland. Only Steam acheivements completionist would have another go.Might be worth it on special."
,Not Recommended,435530,27593565,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bubbay,"This seems like it might be one of those games where the story is the star and that deep story is told in subtle ways both by the characters you meet and the environment you interact with, and it certainly tries to do so, but fails miserably.The first, and most glaring, issue is the terrible translation.  While in many games this is not that big of a problem, when a game is trying to tell a story in as few words as possible, the ones they do use need to be on point.  These were anything but.The second issue is how the player character engages in dialogue, by which I mean he doesn't.  This is one of those games where you interact with anything that highlights, and when that interaction is a person, you talk to them, but that dialogue is always one sided.  You never see what your character is saying, which when combined with the bad translation, makes it hard to understand what is going on.  Too much of the story is lost this way.Finally is the gameplay on the train.  The game is set up to give you a large amount of exposition on the train by overhearing the conversations of the passengers while you go about your job of keeping the train running and the passengers healthy and happy.  This is a great idea and the concept really reinforces the idea that you're just some guy trying to do his job, not an action hero.  But this is the main way for you to get the story, and the minigames required to keep the train running prevent you from being able to see that dialogue.When you're forced to choose between playing the game and understanding what the hell is going on -- and I literally found myself saying ""What the hell is going on?"" because of all this -- playing the game wins out, because, hey, you can't progress unless you play the game.Once you've decided to play these minigames and not hear the (badly translated) story, the quality of gameplay becomes all you have, and this is mediocre at best.  The minigames are terribly repetitive and simple, but take a lot of time.  The main game is rather good, but becomes rote quite quickly.  Nothing novel or clever comes up, no special puzzles appear where you have to figure the right way to take out the enemies, it's just the same ""save your ammo, aim for the head, punch if you can"" every level.  It becomes a slog quite quickly.  An easy slog, but a slog nonetheless.The idea seems like it could have been really great in a Papers, Please sort of way, but gameplay decisions and terrible translation mar the execution.  Pass on this one unless you can get it for $5 or less."
,Not Recommended,435530,25285703,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,deezydaisy,"It takes about 20-30 minutes before the game starts being fun (mind you, it takes around 4 hours to complete the whole thing). The action started, yay. I completed the first station, and it was a lot of fun, but once I got to the 10th or so station, I just felt like I was doing the same thing over and over again. There is so little variation. All you do is open doors. Literally. The plot is so confusing. At the end I had no idea what had actually happened. There's changes in the music whenever you get to some significant point, but I never understand why its significant. The worst part is the dialogue. It seems like it is a conversation, but what you say is removed, so it ends up being a weird rant that you listen to that makes no sense. This game is worth 5 euros, not 15."
,Not Recommended,435530,31250169,Posted: 19 April,all,Sunaryt,"I finished this game in three hours and it was a waste of time. The game is divided into two parts, one is driving your train and the other running around in a area to gather loot and killing the zombies.The train driving part is made of petty minigames, where you have to litteraly press one button so the train doesnt shut down. Also you have to feed and patch up your passengers, you will be rewarded for every passenger who made it, but it doesnt really matter if they survive since there are no consequences when they die.The get the 'code out of this area so the train can drive' part is probably the main section of this whole game. There are four different kinds of enemy, you kinda kill them all the same way (by shooting them durr), no need for special tactics. Also there are only three weapons, of which one is an upgrade of your starter pistol to a machine gun. This part is kinda redundant, doesnt feel really satisfying to finish these areas since the difficulty is way to easy. Props for the ammo management, you'll find ammo from time to time but you still cant shoot around like a maniac and sometimes you need to rely on melee kills.The story is absolutely cryptic and nothing was properly explained. Also there is some exposition during the train driving part via dialogues between the passengers, but you have no time to read them since you are busy playing stupid train fixing minigames or sometimes you litteraly cant read them because you have to fix something outside of the passenger wagon. And in addition there are the good old info dumbing notes distributed all around the area.The pixel art is quite nice i guess, but from time to time you have backgrounds from real images of which the resolution was lowerd so they appear pixart like. Cant say much about music, so i guess it wasnt really noticeable.All in all it was♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,435530,28648598,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mypasswordisduckling,"It has enjoyable gameplay off the train, it plays exactly as it is supposed to. I find it inadequate in the end though.First off it only took 5 hours to complete and it isn't a game with enough random elements or character building to be worth another play through.There's an entire leg of the game that resource gathering is useless for without and shops to use resources at. It's a huge kick in the nuts when you've been using resources to get money for a third of the game only to realize it was a wasted effort.The story as well is dense and only scraps are given to the player. The exposition on the train is interrupted by unexplained minigames to keep the people and exposition alive.This could've been good but even on a steam sale to ~$10 I'm still feeling unsatisfied.Something like Ghost 1.0 I got for cheaper, had more story, and faaaar more replayability.Get out. Do not buy."
76561197995204819,Not Recommended,435530,30974466,Posted: 6 April,all,The_Social_Moth,"Atmosphere was good, implications of a story were interesting, but none of the concepts were properly delivered on. Localization was kinda crap in points, too. Ultimately it was all mysterious and♥♥♥♥♥♥without anything approaching a payoff in the conclusion, instead introducing a bunch of ideas right at the end and not explaining them at all.$15 for 4 hours ain't cool, either. Zero replay value. All of the story was on the train but good luck even seeing it since you had to manage the NPCs the whole time.I'm not mad about it or anything but I recommend a pass."
76561197966493648,Recommended,435530,25350540,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sammeh,"The biggest and most important thing to point out here is that the playing of the actual game is a sideshow to the world you're riding through. The shooting and playing caretaker to both train and passengers were just things to keep me busy while I was listening to their stories, watching the backdrop or piecing together little dribs and drabs of information about the world as a whole.I just became entranced by the game because I simply wanted to know what would happen next. What was at the end of the journey.Yes, the shooting may be called pedestrian. Yes, keeping the passengers sated is easy enough. But if you get sucked in, well... it's a very enjoyable ride."
,Not Recommended,435530,25544712,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,tsirk13,"Sadly, I dont think I can recomend this game. It has pointless minigames on the train and sadly the game just sorta ends. Just when you are getting excited it ends. No big reveal, no explantation, no climax. I can understand the appeal to some people but as a whole it was a dissapointment and this is from the guy who loves trains and zombies. Maybe if it was a little longer, or maybe if it the powerups feel useless because you only get them for like a second, i dont know but its not worth 15 dollars. wait for a sale."
76561197968514473,Recommended,435530,29766955,Posted: 7 February,all,Meat-King©®,"“The journey itself is the destination.”Final Station is a 2-D adventure game developed by the company Do My Best and published by tinyBuild.Pro & contra:+ Intriguing storyline of a dying world with a surprising twist.+ Slow music creates an eerie and unsettling atmosphere.+ Diversified gameplay mechanics keep the player entertained during all stages of the game.o Solid support for gamepad and keyboard & mouse.- No voice acting.Summary:From the beginning to the end Final Station represents a story driven experience with an immersive atmosphere. In my opinion it provides the right mixture of action, horror and suspense within its 2-D boundaries. The only disadvantage is the lack of voice acting, which would have been beneficial to the overall atmosphere.Recommended for achievement hunters and silent heroes.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +20 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 23Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561197972379424,Not Recommended,435530,25300477,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Wheeler,I realllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy love this game but for the price its not worth it. Felt unfinished and way short.
,Recommended,435530,27937424,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Howlux,"It's a 2D shooter/platformer game with some story elements and some simple crafting.Good story, great atmosphere.The game is completely, utterly linearAnd at each level, all the steps are repeated to find the code and get back on the trainSo 7/10"
,Not Recommended,435530,31379602,Posted: 26 April,all,Saltyie,"An average game, with a laundry list of issues. I didn't buy this until it was recently on sale as I thought it was another 'rogue-lite' perma death fest where you can put 10 hours in and make no discernible progress. But it's not, it's actually quite forgiving for the survival type game it appears to be. The game can be split into 2 sections. A mini-management section inbetween levels where you have to fix issues on the train you travel about on, as well as feeding/healing it's passengers. Then there's the sidescrolling enviroments you explore, search for a password, and leave. They're servicable, but the mechanics can be exploited and I don't think there's enough variety in the enemy types. The story is pretty basic (There tries to be a big reveal at the end, but it fell flat for me at least), but I thought the worldbuilding was very well done, every town, corrupted or safe, has a distinct character, and it's one of the only parts I feel the Final Station does at an above average level. Overall, I'm disappointed to say that there're games that do this better, I wouldn't buy unless you're really interested, and at a discounted price too."
76561197999318501,Not Recommended,435530,25292655,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ricky'Rooster'Thunderpants,"Not worth over 4.99I LOVED the concept: scavenge around, Keep your train rolling, Take care of survivors from one city to another. Also loved the shooting, Mysterious Story and beautifull graphicsBut i was VERY bummed out in the linear story, short lived gameplay (story then what? go for achievements?) and REPETITIVE GAMEPLAYIt's almost the same level all over the 5 short chapters, Keeping up your train in a working condition is really not that challenging and becomes very boring after the 2nd ride. You will be able to predict whats ahead. Overhyped, repetitive and brings nothing new, it would make a great FREE FLASH GAME.Don't know how this got any awards"
76561198021530428,Not Recommended,435530,28771741,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lemon Merchant,"For me,storywas the part of TFS that kept me rapt and playing, but also the reason that I ultimately don't recommend this game. In short: the story is promising but ultimately a let-down, and the gameplay and story do not cooperate well.Story-wise, here is what I liked the most:Unreliable narrator, as you can't read your character's side of the dialogue and have to infer it from others' responses.The post-apocalyptic world feels realistically confusing, containing many,manyNPCs who for the most part don't have cosmically-linked destinies or continually drop hints about the main plotline.Here's what I liked the least:The ending does not resolve the biggest mystery of the entire game,what are the 1st/2nd arrivals about, or the related mystery ofwhat are the white-eyed non-monster people doing and why.The very ending reveals a central motivation for your character's actions that is at bestverycheesy and at worst completely out of the blue.The game mechanic of fixing your train while it's in motion prevents you from eavesdropping on the entirety of your passenger's conversations, which contain a fair bit of useful exposition.You cannot read the descriptions of each town on your train's computer except when the train is moving and you are otherwise busy fixing things and feeding/healing your passengers. It seems extremely silly to have 2 methods of exposition (reading & eavesdropping) compete with one another."
76561198037736658,Not Recommended,435530,25321718,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AgBot || - the weed slayer,Exploring the rooms and tunnels is fun but ultimately this game is nicer to look at than it is to play
,Not Recommended,435530,31310159,Posted: 22 April,all,Kane,"Bought this game a few days ago with a massive discount, and boy am I glad that I did. Yes I can see alot of love and passion went into this project from a indie developer. But gameplaywise, and measured at how much fun this was for me, its a negative.This game doesnt do much, like; literally. Its you walking around shooting zombies. There is your gameplay. Thats it.Now some other issues I have with this game, is that I like dialogue. I like to follow a story in games. But in this game I cant. Why? Because while i'm reading up upon stories that are being told in your trian cabin, I have to do other silly tasks at the same time. For example: I got an incoming textmessage, wich I was reading and responding to, and at the same time some dude died in the passanger cabin because of starvation. Ok; W.T.F? Sorry that i'm not a native English speaker, and that I need a bit more time to read.Controlls: WONKY. Man accedently pressed Q, whoops. There goes your hard needed medkid.Excitement? Nah, if you die you'll just respawn 3 steps ahead, you can do that as often as you like.Plusses? A few. Beautifull artwork (especially while riding the train) and sounds."
,Not Recommended,435530,25344062,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Delta.357,"Final Station is EhAll the train parts, which should be cool, just feel annoying, and the enemies aren't challanging, and ammo management is so easy. I did the first 2 sections without realising that you can craft ammo on the train, and I was still thinking ""I'm doing alright"" Also carrying chairs or toilets throguh buildings just because its an effective free bullet feels weird and looks worse.Enemies are pretty basic, the exploding ones feel dire because they still explode if they haven't been set on fire, instead of just hitting you normally like you'd expect (and yeah, you get 4 eneimes, basic, fast, armor, and exloding and the fast ones are the noyl ones that have any chance of threatening you). Also every interaction with ladders in this game, which is alot of the time, is awakard. Some ladders you can just instant move up and down on, shoot w/e, when some you have to do an animation for, meaning you can still be attacked, and I have 0 clue why that exists. Its not difficult, but it feels clunky to do alot of the time. You get into stupid dances wheres there is 2/3 enemies at the bottom of a ladder, and you can't aim directly down, so you just wait until they move away then climb down and try to get 1/2 shots off then climb back up.Not exactly ""tense"" or interesting gameplay.Also the ""survival"" aspect it seems to play up on isn't there, this is a story based mission game, you go from place to place and find the code at the end of a level behind a locked door every time. There is so much pontentil in the map design, enemies could chase you back through the level, more vertical options to bypass large groups, but its content to have 3/4 guys attack you each time. Only once is there a horde I've seen, it you pretty much given a ""theres only one guy on the right so keep walking thattaway!"" They can't catch you if you just keep walking, so the tension isn't there.Storys got some cool parts, but isn't super special, plus the MC doesn't talk meaning conversation is pretty basic. All the cool dialoge between the surviviors you find is rly hard to listen to because you have to keep running back and forth between the 3-5 different train parts to stop it dying on youand all the food and medical stuff is on the other side of the ship, so if a guy is hungry and bleeding welp you better have caught that beforehand, since the warnings don't pop up until they're nearly dead (or in one case, didn't pop up at all and the guy died infront of me). The survivior conversations and everything is really interesting though, I like what the story has going for it, its just so painful to try and gather everything. If the machine near the front of the train is ""the one"" that needs monitoring (and its only ever been one for me so far) then it makes trying to listen to the conversations frustrating.Stroy: 7/10, Similar things have been done before, but its a fresh new angle. Still pretty barebones though.Graphics: 8/10, I like the pixel style, but not for everyone.Music: 5/10, alright, but pretty forgettableGameplay: 3/10, one or two cool things, rest is clunky movements and easy enemies, resource management is a non-issue, more an annoyance.That really sums it up, most of the games feels like an annoyance you just want to get past to get a bit more of the story, but the story isn't super compelling anyway. Don't buy it unless its like a 60% or 75% sale."
76561198039356827,Not Recommended,435530,25313220,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shia LaBooty,Game was alright It was a bit repetitive and the story was great throughout till they left you with that ending. All in all not worth $15 RIP to my minimum wage highschool bank account.
,Not Recommended,435530,31251808,Posted: 20 April,all,Skoot,"The game is great. the atmosphere, the gameplay, the story, and the artstyle is great- BUT you play this game for 2 hours and you've done everything. Roadside picnic is one of my favorite books and I can appreciate the heck out of this game, but 14.99 is out of line for this game. if its on sale for less than 6 dollars than get it, you will enjoy it but i feel robbed for paying that much for what is almost a visual novel due to how short and basic the game is."
,Not Recommended,435530,25263005,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Worthless Wretch,"The game tries to be more than it is.Dull repetitive shooter with huge ammount of notes and other text windows, that represent a story.Very short. 3 hours with reading all the STORY and exploration of all STORY locations.I wish this was a roguelike."
76561197999182200,Not Recommended,435530,34093034,Posted: 7 August,all,Ghostdoctor,While I had fun with this game I can't recommend it.  It lacks replay value and I found it to be tedious in some places.  I will say it's atmospheric and enjoyable for the first hour or two but that's about all it has going for it.  I felt like there could've been more to this game.
,Recommended,435530,34136521,Posted: 9 August,all,DeadToast,"Tl;Dr review:Pros:-Great art style and excellent backgrounds-Good writing; NPCs seem more rounded than average-Intriguing enough concept to keep on playing just to see what comes next.Cons:-Exceptionally short (~4 hrs)-Weak survival elements destroy tension-Interesting concepts get dropped almost immediately-Common tropes and cliches are played completely straight, making the storyline annoyingly predictable.(SPOILER WARNING! SKIP AHEAD IF YOU'RE BOTHERED BY THAT KIND OF THING)-Everything you do in the game winds up being completely pointlessMy thoughts:This is a very ""potential"" kind of game. The potential lies not with the game itself, but with the developers. The Final Station brings up all kinds of interesting concepts and ideas that would make stellar standalone games, but just end up being muddled here. The devs have a lot of talent behind them and I'll gladly recommend this game just for others to see that potential."
76561198050524578,Recommended,435530,25256321,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,"QUAIL KNIGHT, 1st of His Name","At the time of writing this review, I have played only a few hours of the game, but I have to write this review outlining the pros and cons of this game, which I have grown quite attached to.-SUMMARY-=PROS=-Artistic and unique pixel-like graphics.-Atmospheric soundtrack.-Creation of tension, suspense and desperation.-Straight-forward but interesting story.-Easy to use controls.-Different levels have a different feel and new stories customised for every new level.-Good pacing of difficulty.=CONS=-Some situations seem too sudden and forced upon in terms of difficulty.-NPCs picked up from levels are mostly not too memorable.-In some places there is not enough explanation of gameplay.------------------------------------------REVIEWThe Final Station is a game published by tinyBuild and follows the story of a train driver during an apocalyptic event where people are infected by a seemingly alien force. The overall goal of the game is to go from station to station gathering supplies and resources to keep yourself (and your passengers) alive.-Gameplay-The game gives the basic controls with you hit ESC to allow players to figure their own way through the cold, despairing world, and allows for a good pacing of difficulty as the levels advance. There are three main sections to this game: Settlements, Infected Areas and Train Rides.First of all, Settlements are 'safe' areas where the player usually has to meet up with a person to receive a task of deliver a payload. Here, the player can buy supplies, ammo and weapon upgrades.The main section is the Infected Area where the player advances through the level to find a 4 digit code to unlock the train and proceed to the next station. The infected come in a variety of forms such as the fast crawler, to the standard goon, to a flaming infected, which, when shot, explodes after a brief moment (similar to the Boomer from L4D).The Train Rides are where you must keep your passengers obtained from the Infected Areas well fed and healthy. As the game progresses this gets increasingly hectic as you have to take into consideration the amount of supplies you have, and whom you must sacrifice.-Story-Although I have not witnessed the entire story, it is a typical bad/shady military hiding information from the general public behind the true nature of the infected and what they want. The story is exaggerated through the use of passengers during Trade Rides chatting to you and fellow passengers. There are also notes that can be read during the levels, some comedic, others being dark and disturbing.-Looks & Sounds-The graphics are pixel-like and give enough detail to the maps and NPCs. The real beauty of the game lies in the soundtrack. For each corresponding area, the soundtrack fits wonderfully, and can create a number of contridicting feelings going into a level. Another small thing I'd like the note is the usage of things flying past the screen, such as random newspapers to give a slight scare to the player before they open a door to a horde of infected.-Replayable?-Despite me not completing it, I feel this game has some replayability because of some notes you have missed, or possibly a different story path following the death of a passenger. For example I noticed that I let a half-infected man die and when I reloaded the game in frustration, was being examined by scientists and exclaimed to be the breakthrough they needed. Little details like this may convince some players to hunt for these small changes in story.-Overall-This game is a fun, atmospheric action/thriller/strategy which I have enjoyed playing so far, and look forward to continue on my journey through it.Final Verdict: 8/10------------------------------------------"
76561197977058286,Not Recommended,435530,32699873,Posted: 23 June,all,Cow,"This game has simple moderately enjoyable mechanics, but like me I'm sure you're considering buying it mostly to explore and see what this creepy and interesting world has to offer. If you are, you should probably skip it.  I found the story incoherent and largely uninteresting, and the mechanics definitely aren't enough to carry the game."
76561198094221272,Recommended,435530,28334143,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,drake31,"The Final Station: Game that surpassed my expectations.I was on board with this game, from moment after i read the description; and you basically doing what it said there:- Travelling by a train.- Looking after your passengers.- Making sure you reach the next station.- Killing various infected humanoids.You might be saying right now things like:- ""Dude, you seriously just copied the description!?""- ""That's it!? Doesn't seem interesting at all on first sight!""- ""Is more meat behind this fluff!?""YES! YES! and YES!First impression might not leave you in state of awe, and few minutes in it is easily to think this game have nothing to offer. But there is a deeper story that serves as an anchor for this game. And that was the main reason I wanted to finishThe Last Station. To see what the hell is going on, and what is waiting for my conductor in last station ... well, still questions, but hey! game is awesome.And awesome in different ways as well, not just story wise.Graphics are really nice. Post apocalyptic theme, with some slight sci-fi is spot on. The background always feels vibrant, so the game never feels stale and boring. Stations are always balanced and paced to perfection, so levels don't drag for too long. Enemies are quite handful, and more and more challenging with each level closer to end, but not too much so you won't end up frustrated and you eventually figure out best possible tactic to spare some extra ammo and health bar. Music or lack of music, nicely underline the tone that is set in the game; and sound design makes every move, every action alive.There isn't really much I could be negative about.Minor gripe, might be about operating the train. It was kinda basic and easy; so if you paying attention even slightly (not like Mr. Cocky here), you can without any issues transport all passengers safely to their final destination.I was really hooked on this game, and more, and more, and more towards the end.It is a short journey, which I highly recommend to take.Grade:A"
,Not Recommended,435530,28568482,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,omony,"Nice arts, story begining, dialogs, notes, music. If you like adventures and zombies you may enjoy that experience. Can't judge about the full story since I'm stuck with these zombies.This is nothing more than a hard platformer with limited freedom - it always feels that there is the only one way to do the things right. And it turned out there is no strategy elements in the game. The levels are linear as a sergant brain and there is no management within the train. To be honest I expected that there would be some decisions like ""where to go, whom to take"". Nope. The other problem is that the shooting / bashing / throwing mechanics itself does not give you anything to master. It's not super-mario. You just walk, bash, shoot and you have to do it fast and at the one right moment. No moment to say ""how cool I am"" after some well-performed action. So to my opinion it does not worth the price.I'd better go visit YouTube and learn how it ends."
,Not Recommended,435530,25279324,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Salisian,"Ultimately unsatisfying. That's the takeaway from this whole experience.I jumped on the hype train for this game a long time ago, and in spite of having played no prerelease builds, preordered it so I could enter the experience early, with a fresh set of eyes, before it was spoiled for me. Turns out it wasn't worth the hype or the money.The gameplay is simple. It's a sidescroller, broken up by chunks on the train where you play a supposed minigame by walking back and forth to deliver resources to passengers. It's not hard. The whole train element was little more than a straight line from chapter to chapter, and the 'crafting' is laughable. Click everything you walk past at stations, click all the things in your conductor's menu.The game is incredibly short, just over four hours, including a restart I did in order to get an early achievement I missed. I don't see how this game is a gig and a half of memory, especially considering the simple graphics. I don't fault it for the graphics, because graphics are simply a medium to get a point across, and the graphical format does that well enough.The graphics and design succeed in creating a decent enough atmosphere, if not of horror, of post-apocalyptic civilization, of a world that has been through hell and tried to return to normal. Unfortunately, there's simply not enough story to uphold that atmosphere. You scavenge snippets of story throughout the game, although I ended up missing a fair amount on the train due to the tedious mini-games getting in the way and forcing me to walk off screen while my passengers delivered atmosphere.I feel like I might have understood the ending (and the entire ending sequence) better if the game had kept conversation logs at the very least, to let me see what I'd missed. Worse, the silent protagonist concept makes us assume what our character has said, when in some cases it really wasn't obvious. Perhaps the game is trying to leave things up to interpretation; but if so, then it's an awful choice to drop hints throughout that lead to actual answers, then not give them to us, or at least enough information that we can guess for ourselves. I'm not going to spoil the limited story, except to say that there is no satisfaction, for the player or the character."
76561198321100305,Recommended,435530,26608674,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ely,"Saw Jacksepticeye playing this on YouTube and had to play it myself. Such an awesome game. Top marks for graphics, gameplay, music, effects, etc. Crawling through the map trying to find every secret was so much fun! Only thing I hated was having to do train upkeep when I just wanted to listen to the passangers flesh out the story, and keeping the injured passangers alive was fustrating.Going to replay this to get all the achievements and hopefully finally get clued in as to why the train driver kept trying to call someone/get home (I'm assuming the reason at the end, but I like to know more)."
,Not Recommended,435530,25293296,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tiramo,"Simply put, the game is boring.Sure, you see the trailers and go like 'hmm, this looks like an interesting concept'.And you'd be right. Being a train conductor in some sort of an apocalypse might be cool, but that's not what this game is.What this game is is a repetitive 2d shooter that happens to have trains in it.That's literally it.The only one thing it's got going for it, the one thing that kept me going to the end of this boring game, was the 'story'. (I use apostrophes because there's no real story, it's just loosely connected pieces of paper and random dialogue)The 'story' (or lack of it) makes you interested and makes you want to play more, even though you'll be dying inside, begging for the level to end.But then you get to the end and it's the most unsatisfying thing ever.So kudos to the devs for atleast getting me interested. Only to say f*ck you at the end of the game.At the end I was almost screaming for it to end. I just wanted to know what was going on, I didn't want anymore of this repetitive boring game, I just wanted to know!So please, save yourself the pain and don't get this game.(Oh btw, in case you're not convinced on how boring this game is: The most fun thing to do in this game is punch glass windows.)"
76561197974592237,Not Recommended,435530,25711481,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ark the Mad,"Arg! This game was good and bad.The good art, music, atmosphere, and gameplay. (Not the train part.)I really enjoyed the setting and atmosphere. The not-zombie 2D scrolling shooter was enjoyable and savaging for items was well thought out as long as I got everything, I didn't run out of supplies. But was close a few times of coming up short.The bad was the train mini game, crafting, map, ending, and price.The train mini game just made me frustrated, as to make sure no one died I could not really watch there conversations going on with the useless busy work of the train. I would of just enjoyed taking care of the passengers and watching the conversations evolve. Crafting is a joke with three thing you can craft. Even though they are usefull items, the crafting system is weak. Why even have a map, it shows no details and just lines from point A to point B and gave me the first impression that the game was quite larger, when in reality it's not. I can't go into the ending with out spoiling this game, but it sucked. Even though this is not the ending it reminds me of the cheap movie endings where they wake from a dream after a bunch of crazy events. Just one of those ending where they couldn't think of how to end it so they did it quick and ruined a game that could of been better. Full price is too much for a five-six hour game with no replay value. I would not buy this again, but I would at half or a third of the price.On a side note, I did enjoy this game. But at this price point it's a bit steep. This would be a great five dollar game, not more than that. I also wish there was a middle ground on game recommendation. But because of the price, ending, and missing the train conversations because of busy tasks I am going to lean toward No."
76561197996812116,Recommended,435530,25276090,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Photoshopped Memories,"Time Played: 4 HoursStory: 2/5- During the game you have very little time to actually read what the passengers are saying while you tend to their needs and repair your train. I constantly felt like I was missing some of the plot which, by the end of the game, was very apparent that I had missed several key notes. To that point, I had guessed the ending by the midway point of the game.Controls: 4/5- Pretty basic, melee is easily exploitable on ladders. I never felt as if I were scrambling for the correct button. 'Dropping' and 'Throwing' items was a minor inconvenience.Graphics: 3/5- The 8-bit scenery was a well done and fun to watch. Sprites were fairly repetitive.Sound/Music: 4/5- Sound effect were repetitive and not unique throughout, they were however good quality and I never was left wondering ""what was that supposed to be?"". Music was plesant or eerie, though sparse in many parts of the game.Challenge: 2/5- I didn't feel the over-all threat of the game. Once I mastered the melee attack, bullet use became a 'I screwed up the initial melee' or '1 shot killed 5 enemies'.OVER-ALL: 3/5- While disappointingly short, it is a very plesant game with more depth than say... No Man's Sky. The controls are easy to master, although exploitable. Keeping up with the story is perhaps the most frustrating part of the game and for me did not warrent a second play through as everything kind of gets 'wrapped up' in a rushed way at the end making a replay a mute point.For $15, it's not a bad 4 hours of time. I've certainly spent money in less intelligent ways. (See: No Man's Sky)."
76561198122198460,Not Recommended,435530,25279325,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Commander Cool89,decent game...very basic but at the end the story is too hard to decipher to truly enjoy. Wait for a price drop or major update
,Recommended,435530,25276775,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"[I have come to notice the big amount of downvotes this review recieves. I am not going to say anything stupid about it. I understand that this might not be a very helpfull review. Just know that what I wrote are my thoughts and my feelings for the game. I give you as much input as I can.]The Final StationFirst of all let me start with this: This game, feels like a dream. And I mean your usual dream where you are stranded in a place that you dont know at all. Who are you? Dont know. What are you doing here? Dont know. The only thing you know is this: You have to move forward and do this thing no matter what happens.And that is what this game does. It tells you about the ""Second Visitation"". A event that seems to be rather... Bad? Good? It depends on where you stand and how you see it. But going further into this would already spoil too much.Lets put it this way: I can literally not tell you anything about the game that would not spoil you. So how about this? Buy it, play it for one hour and if you really cant find anything to keep you going, refund it. Because I know that some people will not like a game like this. Some others will. I do. I *quack*ing love it.But now to the part of the pros and cons.The Pros are:1. Easy Keyboard and Mouse controls- I have not tried to use my controller (Xbox 360) and wont try it. The K+M controls are doing very good for a game of this nature.2. A good choice of music- A game stands and falls with its music. If the music does not fit the setting, the setting is ruined. Intense scene - Intense music.3. The game does not directly show or tell you what happened a moment ago- While playing the game you will come across things or will see things happening that will leave you confused or even a bit creeped out. And sometimes these events are not accompanied by music or sound to notify that it happened. And that is a good thing.4. Creepy *quack*ing athmosphere- Yes, yes and yes again. A game like this profits from using the athmosphere to a point that it does its job on its own without the team having to do much more than the level design itself. The Athmosphere (of course accompanied by music and visuals) is perfect for this game. And there will be times you will be creeped out. But the good side of it.The Cons are:1. The Cons are non- I can literally not think of any cons right now. Of course this is only my opinion which has been tainted by my love for dreamlike experiences. But since I love dreamlike games or stories, I am kind of willing to accept everything without caring too much about something little that may affect the gameplay of other people in a bad way. You know, like a dream basically. Sometimes in your dreams there are things that you dont like but you cant make them go away just because of that. Its a dream and it does what it wants.End Result:I love it and will tell you to buy itBuy itNo really buy it♥♥♥♥ING BU-"
76561198013680879,Not Recommended,435530,29286135,Posted: 15 January,all,razing32,"I sadly have to say I do not recommend this game.Why ?Simply because it does not feel fun.Long story short , there are 2 parts of the game you do.Part 1 : Manage the train as you travel. Do mini games and heal/feed survivors. If you do not they die. If you save them you get a rewardPart 2 : Explore stations to get train lock code to progress. Fairly linear. Use melee and guns , throw items at enemies to kill them.Enemies are somehat varried : standard , quick , tough , suicidal bobmer , armored , attacher.Some weapon variety : pistol , shotgun , assault rifleStory/lore is OK at best . Nothing too engaging.Length ? About 6 hoursWhy I don't recommend ? No feeling of accomplishemnt or a story being completed.Get it on sale.I DO appreciate the developer making it available on so many OS-es , but it just doesn't leave a mark/impression.Get it on sale if you want to play it."
,Recommended,435530,32817856,Posted: 26 June,all,LaserLama,"Got distracted by local scenery - one passenger died from bleeding. Good, atmospheric game."
,Recommended,435530,28172087,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Baby Mammoth,"9/10 - It's fun to play!Great storyline and atmosphere. I really love the art style and music. The game is casual, but also gives you some excitement when you have to open the doors but you will have no idea what's gonna be on the other side. The ending was kinda bad, but it didn't bother me much."
76561197971425129,Not Recommended,435530,25280189,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheStratovarian,"I like this game. I do, despite giving it a do not recomend. I realize now in hindsight with a bit more deeper digging, its more a matter of how this translates from the developer and its inspirations. I don't regret playing it, but if a few cons were addressed, id be much more happy to change it to positive.Pros:The atmosphere and the pixelwork is top notch for what it goes for.Controls are smooth, solid, and superbly responsive.Level design is intuitive and sharp.Sounds feel satisfying and crisp.World Immersion is very strong in its design.Cons:The train minigame vs lore. (The characters provide a nice background, but you are likely to miss large chunks because of having to fight with a few deliberate issues, such as constant bleeding that wont be fixed. Instead of being able to listen to the background folks, or hunger that bleeds down as well.)Singular ending and nothing you do that changes it.This managed to irk me as I loved the nature of the story being told, but warning on looking. Fair warning.Only two downvotes on what is an enjoyable experience, but I hope you find the time to play it sometime later if price drops, its worth the time spent at a lower price, despite the two flaws."
,Not Recommended,435530,25393804,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Aure,"I really liked the gameplay and the atmosphere. The story is a little bit confusing because of all of the names, and I feel like it should've been longer.The push that made me buy this game was when I saw the number of train stations that were on the map ( you can view it, it's on the train ) I thought that it would be a long game, that had lots of content.However, for the price they're asking for, its not worth the amount of content that's released."
76561198088577267,Not Recommended,435530,25612288,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,NeoArcad,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ this game.I play this♥♥♥♥♥♥for 5-6 hours, I get into the story, the music is killer, the atmosphere is building up to a point where maybe we can start to actually learn the slightest bit about what's going on... and then suddenly, the laziest ending ever written jumps up and punches you right in the♥♥♥♥♥♥This developer deserves nothing less than the fate of their main character for writing such an atrociously lazy and poorly thought-out ending to what might have been an absolutely fantastic game. It's painfully obvious that the devs were panicking and tacked on the ending (and the train mechanics, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake!) in the last, like, week or two before the release because they couldn't deliver what they had originally planned. It's shameful to see this sort of thing. They obviously took two scrapped levels and stuck them together into the last level, together with a rehashing of the first area at the very end. I've never seen such laziness and contempt for the player in my entire life.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. IT IS NOT A FINISHED PRODUCT. IT IS A WASTE OF $15 AND 6 HOURS OF YOUR LIFE."
,Recommended,435530,27358774,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GasMask,So this is what happened to city 17 when Gordon was away...
76561198027440626,Not Recommended,435530,25389992,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tiberiosity,"It's a shame that I  need to write this review because...I had so much hope for this game> Sadly, like many games that seem dark, atmospheric, and where you're just trying to survive...it fell to a fatal flaw. A very important one.The ending is terrible and depressing.I mean literally shoot yourself in the head terribleI can go through a lot of things, injure people, maim characters, alright, I can handle that.Because at the end of the day I'm going to feel as though I made a difference, I contributed, and I helped.That's what this game feels like for a long time. Deliver cargo, save people. Sometimes it got really dark, and that depressed the heck out of me. But I could handle that, because the dark things happened to buy time to complete the greater good.We get there, we reach the next step, BOOM! We did the thing, we saved the world, right?NOPE.Nopenopenopenope. Everything was pointless. Take your blasted ""Artistic"" games and hide them somewhere I can never see them. The real world is depressing enough that after I spend that much time I want a happy ending> I thing we deserve it. And ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s making this game rake in the money.And I kinda think they should feel a little ashamed that they charged the price they did to basically say ""Lol, everything is screwed anyway, have a good night after wasting four hours of your life."""
,Not Recommended,435530,25264447,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Autism Dog,"This game lacks context, is really sloppy, and the story makes no sense with no meaningful explanation of what it all means.  I'd go so far to say, with how easy it is to fight anything, it's just a walking simulator.  There is also no reason to ever save passengers, eventually you pick up a machine gun, which deletes your pistol that you had mods for.  For some reason to pick up 100k money..."
76561198085560494,Not Recommended,435530,25337862,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jose the space crab,"Well for one, I really enjoyed this game, music, visuals, story, and combat is really fun, But, it isn't worth anything over 5 dollars. The story is confusing, the end doesn't seem like the end, Some areas are jsut too damn hard, and it takes a long while to get good, just wait for a price drop or a bug update, then buy it."
76561198171128682,Recommended,435530,34071248,Posted: 6 August,all,BearSammich,"Great game with pretty pixels and good music, the main story provided you with about 4 hours of play-time unless you took time to really explore and read everything instead of just trying to beat it but with the addition of the DLC you now get an extra 2 and a half hours, we were again left on a confusing as hell ending but hopefully there is a third DLC that truly ties it all together.8/10 probably 10/10 if there is a third DLC added that explains everything."
,Not Recommended,435530,25267864,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Vod19Ka,"Pros:Side-Scroll Shooter + Train SimulatorInteresting StoryControls in ""Esc"" MenuSoundtrackWeapon UpgradabilityCons:No Difficulty Option (difficulty option provides replay value)Short Playtime for its Price(finished it in 4.5 hours)Resolution: 1024/1280/1360/1366 x 768 (not playing in full screen cuts off the bottom portion of the game as I use a 768p monitor)Train Management lacks luster (There's always only one module that requires maintenance per level. Additional modules doesn't have instructions so you might have to do some guesswork.Ending (requires replaying the game to fully understand the ending)Meh:Dying has no disincentive.On-Foot Gameplay (you'll love and hate ladders)"
76561198138429430,Not Recommended,435530,25675092,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,callmebrotherg,"I've seen this game described as ""This War of Mine, with zombies and a train,"" which was the tipping point for me. Unfortunately, the similarities to TWOM are superficial.Yes, you have to take care of your survivors and train, but this consists of running back and forth and pressing a button or, if you're lucky, holding a button. There's never a feeling of building anything or of accomplishments beyond getting to the next station--contrast this with how amazing it is, every time that I play TWOM, for the people in my house to have finally be able to eat from a garden.I can actually feel something for the characters in TWOM. Even the characters who you see once in TWOM feel as though they have their own stories, and the characters in The Final Station just don't compare to that.There are some good visuals, but the worldbuilding overall feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(my character comes from a place called ""Countrytown,"" for crying out loud) and the writing is not just sub par but sometimes ungrammatical.I also like how you don't see the interior of a room, or even the room's size, until you've opened the door. This is not, however, enough to justify spending $15."
,Recommended,435530,26104920,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Hugo :D,"This game's so great,s'got good storys'got good gameplays'not too longIf it had SteamWorkshop to add more levels even without the story i'd still play it or a while.Just a survival mode with the same mechanics would be great"
,Recommended,435530,25586605,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Heresy Magic Master Shaboz,"The Final Station is a game where you ride a train and fight not-zombies while uncovering a hidden threat. No, it's not Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress. However, it's very similar to it in that they both have garbage endings that make the work you put into the media to that point feel worthless.See, Final Station is a great game. It has clean, crisp sprites, fantastic gameplay, well written dialogue, an interesting story, and somber fitting music, but all of it is tossed out the window for the single most overused, boring and cliched ending to any zombie-centric story you can think of. Yes, its THAT ending. I dont even need to tell you which one it is and you'll already know. It's a huge spit in the face.While the ending is a massive stain on this otherwise clean game, it has a few smaller stains as well. The entire train maintenance system seemed tacked on in the end, as all it really did was prevent you from hearing whole conversations, or having to burn resources just to hear your passengers speak since it would take longer to hear it all and they would get hungry/bleed to death in the mean time. The way the machine gun replaced the pistol also bugged me, as by that point I had a fantastic pistol and the machine gun just didnt feel as good. Although earlier I mentioned an interesting story, that too can be an issue at times. The story is vague and leaves room for thought, but it also leaves TOO MUCH room for thought. Not enough is explained, and while that isnt personally a turn off for someone like me (why would anyone tell the ♥♥♥♥in Conductor what's going on in the world, right?), it could be a massive turn off for someone invested in it.I've been harping on the game a ton, but I do genuinely like this game. The way they reveal just who the Conductor was calling the whole game was great, the way your fellow conductors would contact you on your train, how the people would gossip, it's all so well written. The atmosphere and the lighting made me feel so tense, and the sound in those areas was stellar. The scene where you ride passed all the pods was a great example of all that.The game is like a damaged, solid sheet of gold: It's a wonderful thing, and if you can get past the hole on it then you have something you'll really want to have in your possession."
76561198024998791,Not Recommended,435530,33594843,Posted: 16 July,all,mowgly83,4 hours of play time. not much of a challenge. it's ok. wish there was more to it.
,Not Recommended,435530,31523883,Posted: 3 May,all,TheShadowDawn,"While the visual design is strong and the developers do a good job of evoking mystery and tension, Final Station is ultimately 5 hours of tedious gameplay with no payoff.The game does a good job of creating suspense and mystery, but none of its plot threads are ever really resolved, and the mysteries are never really explained. Up until the end credits rolled, I was still expecting something to be revealed that would help tie together what I had learned. I had listened as best I could to all the passenger conversations, read all of the notes scattered through the game, and still have no real understanding of what happened.There are two types of gameplay - both simplistic and tedious. Firstly, train journeys involve running up and down the train to fix machines and delivere medkits and food to passengers; this means you miss out on the conversations between passengers, which are the only remotely interesting feature of the journeys. Secondly, exploration and combat sections are extremely predictable, requiring you to use the slow, tedious punch attack and environmental objects to conserve ammunition, as not enough ammo is provided to get through all of the enemies. There is no meaningful variation in enemy types, and with just three attacks to choose from (a pistol which you rarely have ammo for, a shotgun which you will never have ammo for, and a limitless punch) there is no meaningful strategy.Overall, I found the game disappointing. The narrative elements and strong visual design hooked me quite effectively, and made me want to slog through the game despite the tedious gameplay. Unfortunately, without any real payoff at the end of the game, it feels like I wasted my time."
76561198023145403,Recommended,435530,26137253,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Grizz,"The Final Stationis a dark, surreal, story-driven shooter. Set in a not so distant future where humans are scrambling to combat an alien(?) invasion.The art is incredible. Pixel art is rarely done to such a level of completion. Every animation, sprite, character and environment, mesh in perfect harmony. It creates a seemless atmosphere which allows full emersion into the story. A bleak and ominous story which beckons you to be it's hero(?). It does thissowell.So the art/atmosphere is great. What about the mechanics?The gameplay is smooth. You walk left and right. Climb up and down. Melee or switch to your firearms. With firearmsyou can actually aim. Which matters because you can getheadshots!There's no jumping. This usually drives me insane. How can such a basic mechanic be overlooked, when it adds exponential potential? Well... it doesn't feel overlooked in this game. Infact, I never once felt the urge to press the 'space' bar. It's not an issue. That said, speaks volumes about the games simple and effective mechanics.And the story..?I'm not going to disect the plot here. I'll just reiterate that this game's story is immersive. The atmosphere is unbreakble.The story doesn't preech to the uninterested. It's unraveled through the experience.The NPC's have personality. Scraps of notes litter your path and give you an exciting glimpse into the lives of these NPC's. I know that throwing constant strings of text at the player can be an annoyance. I'm usually not the guy who reads everything and absorbs the irrelevant details. This game had me keeping my own notes though. I read everything because the text isn't wordy. Everything is short and concise. It hints to the secrets. It doesn't set you on the path and tell you how to step. You'll be wanting to scrounge for every last scrap of paper or information filled monitor.This is indie gaming at it's finest."
,Not Recommended,435530,25388230,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,"Kandiell, Knight of Anal Tyranny","good graphics and atmosphere, but lack of variety of ennemies and each level being essentially exactly the same made the game a chore to go through soon into it. also the maintaining of the train was dumb and uneeded, preventing me from reading all the chatter from the members on my train. i felt this game had a lot of potential, but it falls short on a lot of aspects. pick it up at 50% off at least. would be a lot more interesting if i could actually choose what station i went to, giving it a bit of a rogue-like aspect, or choose to leave early from stations. but no, you have 0 freedom of play. walk through the entire level, then leave. rinse and repeat."
,Recommended,435530,29749269,Posted: 6 February,all,Fynneberg,"The Final Station is a neat little game with an interesting story, with a classic buildup and final conclusion. The storytelling mostly happens through talking with characters in the game and finding notes that give you more insight on the world and its lore. I suggest you to have a willingness to immerse yourself in the game when you buy it, it's best played when you can just ""dive"" into the games world and go with the flow. The gameplay is fun, it's not too frustrating, a bit easy if I might say so, but it's fun. (Personal note: I find it interesting how many people come up with their own interpretations of the ending since they cannot accept the way the game ends, I don't judge it, I simply find it interesting with what people come up with. )I recommend buying the game, even at its full price, but if you're unsure wether to buy it or not, grab it on a steamsale, you can never go wrong with that."
,Not Recommended,435530,25421050,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Alexis Bjorn,"A very enigmatic (borderline broken) storyline gives some semblance of a driving force for the game, but the overall experience is lacking.Pros:Neat mental exerciseCombat is well doneMusicArtwork- particularly the backgrounds.Cons:-Maintenence of the train is less balancing resources and maintaining, as it is pressing a single button every few seconds as your frantically run back and forth to feed/mend whatever survivors you have.-A large amount of dialogue is between passengers on the train. You can't read it though, because if you do, your train will A) Shut down, B) Stop giving passengers oxygen, or C) one of them will die within seconds. You basically have to choose between keeping people alive, or listening to a portion of the plot.-The Plot is convoluted and highly open to interpretation in the same way that an art piece involving a bundle of steel wool could be. The story is there, somewhere, but finding it involves making huge logical jumps and digging through tidbits of information. The problem is that there's no baseline. The whole thing handles like a mushroom trip.-Writing suffers from poor translation and makes it that much harder to glean any kind of understanding.-Resource management is pretty much unnecessary.-Passengers are mouths to feed, medpacks to use. That's it. The line about ""More trouble than they're worth""? They mean to say ""You might use lots of medpacks on this guy"" for little payoff. Not once did anyone of the passengers say, flip out and try to take the train, make a move on the conductor, have a sidequest or anything like that. Again, Mouths to feed, and medpacks to waste.-Length to cost ratio is a little skewed in the negatives for me.Overall: The game feels like it was limited in scope and depth in it's gameplay and mechanics in order to focus on a story that was being told. This presents a problem, as the story is largely cerebral and spread out like butter on toast. That's basically what I can equate this game to: A too-thin slice of soggy toast with uneven buttering, and a bitter aftertaste. 5/10- Barely edible"
,Recommended,435530,25258717,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kresinite,"I pre ordered this because as soon as I saw it, I knew it was something I would enjoy, loving it so far! There are so many small details in this that I love, from throwing boxes to kill or  breaking glass windows to see into the next room, awesome stuff!Is this game a horror? I would say so, not in the way that you will crap your pants every corner but there is a definite element of eerieness to it, never knowing what is in the next room or if you will be able to tackle it. That is something else I like, you aren't overpowered, you feel like a survivor not a god.Brilliant stuff!"
,Not Recommended,435530,31250061,Posted: 19 April,all,Gnikrutuf,"He shoots where he wants.Lacks hand to hand combat, like a baseball bat.Passangers bars go down by the miliseconds.All this makes a frustrating gameplay, no buy."
,Not Recommended,435530,29292475,Posted: 16 January,all,Dayne6922,"Not a bad game, it's just to expensive for how short it is."
76561198083160151,Not Recommended,435530,34585970,Posted: 29 August,all,Frank Richter,"I was expecting SO MUCH MORE...The game itself is pretty nice to play (if you don't mind wandering around with little of action all the time) but come on...I bought it on sale for 10$ and I still don't think it was quite worth it... made it through the game in less than 5 hours doing pretty anything I could do there. Also, I felt like the storyline ended in the middle, just like the devs got bored or something and decided to cut the work on this project.What's worth mentioning as well is that there's only story mode. No endless or anything like this. So after you make it through the story you can do it again and again but nothing more.Well, there's a DLC to buy... but I won't be even considering it.Not to be totally negative - Game has a great climate. 5 hours of good game in fact. What a shame it ended this quickly."
76561198156057212,Recommended,435530,33131899,Posted: 2 July,all,InspectorGadget666,"This game may present itself as a simple side-scroller, but it is really a plot-driven story about a mysterious world with secrets dug up every stage."
76561198084569522,Recommended,435530,28123644,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zodiax,"If you're a fan of pixel style story,- and or resource management games, then you will love this game. Just like me. I mean, I really don't have words for what I feel, after literally just finishing it. You clear out stations of zombies and scavange for supplies before entering your train and driving off to the next station. On the train ride, you have to keep the survivors that you pick up on the station top off on medical supplies and food. Every now and then however you come across a non infected station, or town. Here, you will first get rewards for the survivors you kept alive as well as getting buying or sell ammo, meds and food. The game keeps a perfect pace, as you really feel like it's up to you, and you need to hurry, which makes it sooo much nicer when you get those beautiful views and phenomenal sound design. 10/10."
76561198027954343,Recommended,435530,33591136,Posted: 16 July,all,ChefOrc,"Final Station is a surprising little game about traveling by train through a world on the brink of devastation. This is not a game you'll play for very long, but it's a game that's very efficient at immersing you in its world, and a game that leaves its poetic mark on you.It is also a great example of how to tell a story almost silently, mostly through level design. All you do in this game is to go forward on a scripted path and eliminate the zombies that are in your way. Yet, you get a true feeling of exploration. The rooms and streets you go through are full of small but significant details that tell a clear story. Similarly, when traveling by train to the next town, the changes in landscape let you understand the gravity of the situation. You feel you inhabit this world, you discover it. It feels scary and sad, in a realistic fashion. The parallel with real-world war and destruction is definitely there.So if you're in the mood for a really atmospheric little game, and don't expect too much gameplay complexity, give Final Station a try. You won't regret your journey."
,Not Recommended,435530,31258750,Posted: 20 April,all,Kellhus,"i got this on sale for 4,94. So the 5h of gametime (minus 30 minutes of looking up the meaning of the story) was barely on the 1€/h ratio even on saleGameplay:its nice. you kill 6 (i think) kinds of monsters. aiming works ok, ammo is rare, and melee is no button smashing. when you dont explore mutant filled areas (ok they are pretty linear) you are feeding and healing the passengers you rescued while keeping the train running. sadly this takes up so much time you cant keep up with the chatter between you passengers.the artwork is beautiful and the soundtrack fitts wellStory:story feels a little confusing but keeps you well entertained and hungry for more.... up until the end...and thats where the game died for me. not even WHAT happened but WHY and HOW. you are left with many questions and i have heard interpretations from alien invasion or government conspiracy to it ALL beeing a metaphor for an inmate on deathrow ( and if that sounds the most plausible you know the story is confusing) there are MANY clues but am i supposed to remember who those people are and what oneliner they said and whos pixel-face is on what picture hinting to WHAT? i like a little confusion or a deep and complex storry but not knowing what the f*** just happened makes me frustrated enough to write this review... and im not spending another 5h to get some more clues"
,Not Recommended,435530,25420481,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pogo,Very repetitive and a disapointing ending...R.I.P. $15
,Recommended,435530,25309270,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Nachy,"A nice short narrative with a solid linear gameplay design. The Final Station isn't exactly a deeply complex game, and it's also in no way a rougelike despite its resource management and survival gameplay. However, what's here is a game that's worth a playthrough for its plot, great world building, lore, fantastic atmosphere, and awesome visuals.The combat feels very tactile and tight, giving you a feeling of total control of your weapons, with enemies being sufficiently tough without feeling too weak nor being on the verge on being bullet sponges. A lot of times, you're encouraged to run away or use certain environmental objects such as boxes, chairs and barrels to dispose of enemies, along with a basic melee attack so you can conserve your ammo for larger mobs.The level design in terms of gameplay does get a bit repetitive, but the game's length is just about right so it never really verges on the feeling of overstaying its welcome. Going back to the visuals, one of the best things about The Final Station is behind its artwork, especially evident during train rides with beautiful vistas and barren wastelands evoking a very atmospheric environment.Detailing further on the survival elements and resource management, The Final Station takes a similar approach to the Metro games rather than modern roguelikes. Shops are far between levels, and the game just provides a little bit more than enough resources to equip yourself while making sure every person on your train can come out alive, as long as you're playing it smart.One of the most glaring issues behind The Final Station is perhaps on the fact that the game isn't also really all that difficult despite the survival elements. You can easily get the hang out of the resource management and train maintenance an hour into the game. Another thing, the game is also really generous when it comes to checkpoints, so deaths in the game rarely feels frustrating, making deaths feel like a light slap on the wrist. Despite being relatively light on the challenge though, it's still feels a lot of fun to go through and outsmart a large group of enemies using just barely enough weapons and resources. There's also an undeniable sense of accomplishment too when you are able to get all of your passengers to their destination alive and well, on top of the rewards you're handed out with.Overall The Final Station isn't something you play for its length or replay value, but if you want a good solid linear experience after getting burnt out on open world games, or just want to trek through a nice entertaining train ride while looking at pretty scenery, The Final Station provides enough polished content to make it worth a playthrough."
76561198002568196,Not Recommended,435530,25262874,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Reiia,"I don't review much, but this game is pointless.  There is no point to the game.  In the sense the ending would have happened regardless if the protagonist did anything.  It was pointless.  If anything it was long enough so you cannot demand a refund.  Totally and utterly pointless game.  If the progatonist just waited for the world to end, he would have had the same ending.  This is so stupid.  Don't even give me the excuse for ""its the adventure that matters.""  There is shallow build up, corny ""spooky"" 12-year old written scenarios.  If the game offered a harder ending, where anything you did matter, then this would have been a better game.  But nope.  Utter trash.  First time where Steam's Review on a game is so wrong."
76561197974734944,Not Recommended,435530,25330259,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,RUSTYWARCOW,"This game is presented in an interesting way, but the mechanics, pacing and ""teaching"" make it frustrating rather than fun. In short, the game needs more time to realize its potential.Conversations need to be meaningful - they should contain interesting information that actually help me discover items or improve my chances of survial. Ofc some convos can be just about story, but there needs to be some gameplay centric ones as well. Right now it feels like I'm reading a story frustratingly distrubted across a set of NPCs.Combat needs refinement and mechanical variance: the gun need to be able to wound an enemy (leg shot), slowing them down, headshot for instant kill (or at least more damage) and then simply shoot. See Matthais Worch's GDC talk(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEF4GVNzkUw). Melee attack needs a purpose (why can't I pistol whip?) over and above a weak version of using the pistol - see HLD, Halo, etc, etc. Environmental objects (that can be used as weapons) need to feel like something I'm smart enough to discover, rather than a necessary means of conserving ammo. Can I shoot an enviro object so that it explodes? Can I cause things to fall on enemies? Can I kick a chair at them to give me time to climb a ladder? Can I hide in a locker?Level design needs to be less linear, see Mark of the Ninja. I feel like I'm simply walking from room to room, rather than masterfully recognizing and overcoming encounters in smart ways.It probably sounds like I want a different game, and it's true I do, because the concept behind this one simply isn't fleshed out enough."
,Recommended,435530,31697991,Posted: 12 May,all,KYLE,I just want to stay with u
,Recommended,435530,32939390,Posted: 28 June,all,TurbulentWinds,I'm not exactly sure what just happened. All I know was that it was great.The story in this game is fragmented and confusing pretty much all of the time. Every bit of knowledge just creates more questions. But the funny thing is that I don't want a coherrent experience out of The Final Station. The story's confusion allows the game to stay true to its characters. No one knows everything. Everyone is looking for answers and trying to survive. The writers did a great job on the game. I highly recomend the DLC as well. It has some crazy plot twists.Gameplay is interesting and pretty good. Not the best but doesn't get boring. Visuals and musics are good as well but the main draw is the story.I'm gonna try to figure out what the **** happened now.10/10
,Not Recommended,435530,25276050,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lonelymuse722,"Love this type of pixel graphic. Complete whole game twice. Try to convince myself to give a positive comment but failed.Repetitive stage pattern, hardly follow the chat in train, single storyline. All these features cause this game is way lower than my expectation.It would be better if it could enrich the storyline, makes it more replayable."
76561198059866623,Recommended,435530,33549115,Posted: 14 July,all,xylax,"This game is a masterpiece, ""despite"" pixel art it's still very artistic and realistic looking (specially backgrounds which I love to stare at). I love how the game feels like it has depth of field in the 2D world. I love the monumental feel of structures and the Guardian. The intricate level design, the lore and story, it's all just worth every dollar. I enjoyed the mechanics, the concepts, the balance between train levels and the walking levels. It's just perfect.Only pain I had that actually made me go WHAAAT is that the game felt so short and I honestly was dissappointed it was over so fast (big props though for the ending). I would gladly pay 40€ for a long blown out sequel (or prequel, honestly I'd love to play the First Visitation story).I already replayed it twice and I will more if I get a craving. Even if it's the same game every time I just am enjoying it, and I have to admit not many games make me go back if they aren't sandbox.I honestly felt I mean very little in the grand scheme of things and all choices were made for me, not by me, and I could only struggle to survive. I like that. I am so done with being a great hero in games.Also I freaking love trains.The big drawback for me would be the fact I really disliked rifle and I'd do everything to not pick it up or switch back ;'D Pistol is best.A short comment about the DLC - loved the new concept there, loved the difficult choices and NPC interactions, and loved the art as well. And again it felt short and the story felt even more unanswered ;_; Take my money add more DLCs, devs I beg you."
,Recommended,435530,25309214,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[<BOT]Uncle_Bad-Influence,"The Final Station is one of those few single-player story-driven games that have left me satisfied overall and doesn't follow most of the fads of most indie-titles from recent times. The concept itself was interesting already, and the execution didn't leave much to be desired in the end. This is one of those games that has a simple concept and gameplay as a strength, which is further enhanced by the narrative and satisfyingly fleshed-out world the game takes place in.What is good:-The art is very atmospheric and detailed enough without being too distracting or non-specific for its style.-The controls and gameplay are simple, yet satisfying. You can shoot, you can scavenge, you don't feel like you're limited in a contrived manner.-The narrative and how it is told. All the events were made in a way that they felt they mattered, especially the supernatural and key story events.-The concept, surviving on a train to get to the next stop, rescuing people, finding supplies. Survival is important without taking all the priority and overshadowing everything else in the game like some recent titles without any narrative.-The heavy inspiration from Russian/Soviet science fiction and how the world is fleshed out without revealing everything.What could have been done better:-When on the train, it's hard to follow the story because keeping people alive and fixing malfunctions in the train systems requires split-second decision making and takes your full attention. You want to read what the other characters have to say, but you can't because either one will starve to death if you don't exit the train immediately or you're too busy running for a medkit so someone doesn't bleed to death.-While the way the story is structured and told is interesting, the more abstract parts of the story (unnamed reoccuring characters with their own plan outside of the main narrative, the ending, for example) are far too abstract and confusing. To be honest, they feel a little bit out of place because they make at best 2 appearances total. This is one of the few times traditional story structure would have helped.-(POTENTIAL SPOILER) The ending. I get it, happy endings are too mainstream and whatnot, but it would be best to get a more traditional ending that gives at least some answers and more closure. The traditional indie-game endings are far too cliche now, while this one isn't the worst. Would be nice to have something better next time. The worst thing a game can do is make you feel like all you did was for nothing.-The game hooks you in with the levels, story, and setting, but doesn't feel like it lasts long enough (this point is clearly subjective).Conclusion:The story, setting, gameplay, and art are this game's strong points. While it has some small flaws that do not detract too much from the main experience, the game is satisfying overall and is very close to what I wanted and expected from it. I hope that the world of this game is expanded further and we get a sequel that expands the story, answers more questions, and fixes the previous game's flaws.Thanks to the developers for their hard work, I hope to see more.Молодцы, ребята! Спасибо за игру."
,Not Recommended,435530,27556506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zack,"I saw some gameplay for this title, liked the style and thought the plot was engaging and decided to give it a try. While I have no complaints regarding these elements, the way the game plays is just awful. It requires quick and precise reactions, and the controls just aren't that snappy. I frequently find myself climbing ladders when all I wanted to do was back up to a wall, or throwing a punch when I was actually holding the mouse button to charge it. I couldn't even find out how to bring up the menu, it only appears when I alt+tab out and back in.The ""manage your passengers"" part also isn't great. I had no idea how far I was going to take them, so there wasn't much opportunity for rational decision making. The train systems are also pretty boring, it's just running from side to side and clicking stuff mindlessly.I played this for about two hours yesterday and decided I'd refund it, but to my surprise, when I got back to my computer today, I had almost 20 hours of play time because, even though i quit the game, the executable kept running on the task manager overnight and Steam kept counting. Just keep that in mind if you're going to give this a try."
,Not Recommended,435530,33562927,Posted: 15 July,all,fy_oilrig_cz,"I beat this game in just over 4 hours. For it's full pricetag, I don't think it's worth it. The game is enjoyable to a point, but after that, it's repetitive gameplay and very ambiguous storyline leaves this game being anything more than mediocre. The ending is abrupt and terrible. Maybe buy it when it's on a 75% off sale. Right now, at this price point, I would not recommend it."
,Recommended,435530,26017564,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ProtagorasEmber,"Perfect.   Absolutely terrific.  Adorable on the outside but the action is unbelievably intense.  I love this game.  One of the best purchases I have ever made on Steam.  Bought it on release day and it is worth every penny.  I was sold after watching a few gameplay videos and I would suggest anyone who's on the fence do the same to get a feel for the mini-game style train travel in between missions as well as seeing how the action is during the game when you are exploring each board with your pistol, shotgun, nearby box or toilet to throw, what have you.  The whole thing comes off as a work of art and I couldn't recommend it more."
,Not Recommended,435530,25415211,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AmericanToastman,"Long review ahead, but I promise it's worth the read!This was one of the times I pre-ordered a game solely based on its trailer (and it will probably be the last time).The Final Station's trailer really impressed me with its music and atmosphere, the retro-style graphics and the gameplay it presented. Looked quite simplistic and a bit melancholic. that is exactly what I was looking for.I hoped to be tought how to play the game, advance through better weapons and better zombies as time moves on and experience the story of this game in the manner it was presented in the trailer. I expected the gameplay to be a bit hectic and varied, how it commonly is with retro shooters. The train segment looked fun as well, a bit of micromanaging in between - sounded good to me.The big problem is: I was left sorely disappointed. Let me tell you why.This game is not at all what I hoped it was going to be. First of all, you do not get tought any controls from the get go. There is a little tutorial, but if you don't look up the controls yourself at some point in the game, you won't get to know em. This is a very minor thing to be honest, but it confused me a bit. Why drop me in a tutorial where you could go through every single control option perfectly... and just not do that? Doesn't make sense to me. This theme carries on to your first actual train ride, where you are gives a bunch of things to keep track of without being told how to. Yeah, you can figure it out yourself quite easily, but again it's extremely weird that the opportunity to at least *label* the options was not taken. Also the status of the passengers isn't labeled either, so you have to figure out yourself that this white drop means ""bleeding"" and that the guy will take continuous damage over time until he dies.But anyways, these are smaller things that I just found odd. My main two points of critique are a bit heavier. First point: the way of storytelling. You are just dropped in there with no context, no idea who you are, where you are, what you are doing and so on. The story just kinda unfolds and you have to roll with it because you have no details at all to cling to. Everything is just ""given"". Like you are playing a video game adaption to a comic book, where it is expected that you already know about half the story. The way it is conveyed didn't appeal to me either. Just a bunch of rambling from the train guests that you *miss anyways* if you have to micromanage something in the front part of the train. the speech bubbles just disappear. Really odd design choice again. Also there are a lot of missed opportunities along the way. Why can I only talk to *this* person and not the others? I wanna know more! Why does my character never reply at all? I mean - he does reply, but for some reason it is not shown on screen so I have no clue what he said. Well, sometimes he makes a little ""..."" speech bubble, other times he doesn't for some reason, the result stays the same. What put me off even more were the two situations I came across, where you were actually able to make a response choice. That only happens during little in-between text chat segments when you are actually able to see your own answers. The first one was a choice between ""..."" and ""Thank you!"" which I am sure had no effect on the story prograssion at all and the second one was a choice between exactly one option. I have no clue why they even made that a ""choice"" you had literally no alternatives and usually the character talks by himself anyways. All of this felt weird and extremely inconsistent.Second point: The actual gameplay. It's just a bit... boring. Fighting zombies gets repetetive *really* quickly and is just weird sometimes. Melee hits don't connect, bullets seem to not deal damage - maybe I just suck, but there were situations where I really felt like something was off. Anyways, the fights get repetetive really soon and even adding new zombies or a new gun later doesn't get that stale taste out of my mouth. The whole ""limited ammo"" aspect is also not pushed proberly either as you do run out of ammo - yes - but melee combat is just so chunky and a bad alternative usually. It doesn't really depend on skill, it just depends on which zombies are left after you ran out. For example you are rarely given any means of defense against sprinting zombies. Combat doesn't feel good at all.Apart from that I really dislike that you cannot get any information on cities further down the road or get info on your next objective / place to drop people off (so you could calculate if its worth keeping that bleeding dude alive or not). Again a really odd choice.So, to conclude, that is my opinion. I'm certain a bit of the sour aftertaste came from my high expectations and the good trailer, but surely not all of it. I am just really disappointed. I *wanted* to like this game so much, but I just can't. The fights feel stale, the ambience doesn't really get me at all, Communication an interaction is really unappealing and inconsistent.Overall this game had a ton of good ideas, even in a genre that is as oversaturated as zombie shooters, but it kinda failed to deliver. As I said, I really wanted to like it, and I don't want to trash-talk it in any way, but I really can't see much to praise except for the absolutely stellar soundtrack.You have to decide for yourself if you want to buy it. I'm sure some people could really enjoy it. But i can't and maybe I can make you reconsider your choice."
76561197995422896,Recommended,435530,26105044,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Chicken,"I purchased The Final Station without looking too much into it, I ignored the saying about not judging a book by its cover. But I judged that it looked like an interesting indie game.After now finishing it, I can actually say it is an interesting indie game. Its a survival/adventure kind of game. You play as a train driver, initially transporting certain cargo. That's all I'll really say as to not spoil anything. But along the way your train will make stops at stations and little towns, to which you explore for trainline codes, as well as resources as there are zombie like creatures, I don't want to say zombies because its not 100% factual that they are. You do have ways of defeating them, but you have to be careful with ammo and health supplies. As along the way of your train journey, you will have the option to pick up survivors, to get them to where they want to go. Which also brings a little side objective in that you want to try and keep them alive, either with medkits or food. This is probably the most tense area, if you choose to do it, trying to keep these survivors alive. The train does have little minigames to keep it from breaking down as well.The Graphics are your stereotypical indie 2d bit graphics, but they still set the mood very well and immerse you into the journey that you experience. Story wise its pretty interesting, nothing ground breaking but I can't fault the game for its story, I know alot of people are unhappy with the ending, but I was content with it. The music and sounds are also the same as the story, in that they're solid but nothing groundbreaking.Overall, I would recommend this game, I would say the negatives are maybe the price point, as its currently over £10 and the campaign only comes around 3-4 hours worth of play. Also If you like achievements, they're all pretty easy to get, which is good.I'd probably give this game a 7/10 if I was to use a numbers system."
,Not Recommended,435530,33712868,Posted: 21 July,all,General Kass,"All the depth of a mobile game with a story held up by rotting vegetables.The Final Station is a 2D pixel art game that combines twitch shooting and basic resource management into a (kinda-not-really) post-apocalyptic wrapper. You play the conductor of a new prototype train and are tasked with going across an unnamed country to stop a deadly plauge that turns people into squid ink puking zombies.Side note: Between Stick it to the Man, The Final Station, Gloom, and others...I'm getting really really bored of 2D enemies made of shadow with glowing white eyes.The gunplay...gets boring really really quickly. This is partially due to the game's 2D environment. You only have so much tactical initiative when you're faced with enemies who stack on top of eachother and can only come at you in a straight line. The starter pistol is your only weapon for most of the game, but you'll quickly learn how to cheese the punching mechanic when things seem desperate. Additionally, because checkpoints are extremely generous and there's no penalty for dying, you'll learn how to complete every level in the game without a single medkit. The result is a tedious combat portion that you only play to unlock more of the story.Your goal in each exploration level is to find a code that will all your train to leave the station. Unfortunatley, the game might as well be on rails as exploration is bare bones. Again, this is partially due to a 2D environment which confines you to either going left, right, up, or down. I liken the action in this game to Fallout: Shelter. Rooms and hallways are hidden in blackness until you explore them, creating the illusion of a much larger and more mysterious world. Once you realize this and once you clear room after room and find nothing to reward your troubles, you'll understand why gunplay gets boring.  The game is only about 4 hours long, but it feels like 7-8, if not more.Resource management, the game's other key feature...is a complete and total disaster beyond saving. The section goes like this: At each station you pick up a survivor. During the train ride to the next area, survivors discuss the world's backstory. While this is happening, the player has to play tedious and trivial repair minigames to stop the train from breaking down. The player also has to feed hungry passengers and bandage bleeding passengers with their precious medkits. The problem is that passengers only speak while the player is in the passenger train car. Going to get supplies or playing a minigame stops the conversation. Worse, these sections are on a timer so you'll miss huge amounts of much needed dialouge trying to keep your passengers from dying. You can continue listening to passengers after your ""you have arrived' notification appears, but passengers will continue to starve and bleed and the train itself will continue to breakdown. The entire travel section doesn't accomplish anything. It doesn't help tell the story because the player is burdened with a mountain of unengaging busywork.The reason you NEED to hear what the passengers are saying is because the story is incredibly vauge. All we start with is that it has been 106 years since something called 'The First Visitation."" We never learn the details of this event. All we get is that pods of a mysterious make and material dropped from the sky and are emitting a gas that turns 99% of people into black sludge spewing zombies. The game has an illusion of deep and expansive lore, but ultimatley leaves you disappointed, not because the story is difficult to understand but because there isn't as much there as you are lead to believe.Just as an example, we don't even know if this game takes place on Earth because its set far in the future, looks like the Combine from HL2 have invaded, and the only time you see the night sky, there are two moons. Yet none of this matters. Thats not what the story is about.Here's the overarching problem: When you have a really complex world, you need to anchor your audience in the setting with some kind of introduction. Warhammer 40k does this, Star Wars does this, Dune does this, Fallout does this, Mad Max does this. Every franchise that wants to grow and build a fanbase does so by anchoring and immersing the audience. The Final Station drops you into a 2D world populated by two-dimensional lore and one-dimensional characters.Tedious gunplay, awful resource management, and a story that teases and prods without going anywhere. I might be more lenient to a $5 game, but The Final Station retails for $15. For all these reasons I cannot recommend The Final Station."
76561198059639521,Not Recommended,435530,25386627,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ErikTheos,"This game is very....boring at first, it takes a long time before any plot relevant is going on.So, the first thing you do is play as a guy in some sort of church/cult and get into a forced death. AFter that it jumps to a balding guy who we have no idea about, we have no idea who this guy is, perhaps it's to better project ourselfs onto but I wouldn't go into zombie-infested trainstations just to do something. Anytime there could have been some sort of plot development of why our protaganist is doing all of this is foild because any dialogue can be missed since you have to do some repetitive mini-game to keep the train working and everybody on your train alive.I played this game for about an hour but it felt like 2-3 hours and this is not a good thing for my tastes, it's repetetive, the combat is sticky and boring, you shoot some guys and that's it, clever tactics are often foiled by bad controls, the first few stations are just a tutorial, you encounter the different zombies and the game sets up ways for you to get around them.That being said it does one thing extremely well and thats atmosphere, you feel like you're going to be killed by a horde of zombies at  any time and plays into your ""alone-fear"". You're all by yourself (for some reason the guys on the train didn't feel like working for survival) with only your fists and limited ammo at your disposal. It really messes with your head sometimes but eventually you'll just know that behind every door is another zombie/monster and it becomes once again a bore.SPOILER SPOILER: The middle part of this game is where most of the stuff happens, the zombie virus is man-made and wasn't actually meant as a weapon, you meet some guy that seems to know a lot more about all of this but he never really explains anything. That's a good thing, a mystery stays good as long as you don't explain it right? Well I'll just tell you the ""Guardian"" that's supposed to keep the world safe from a second 'visitation' doesn't actually work and the mystery guy knows this. The main character, the bald guy eventually ends up back at his house where you started the game, however the guy that know more kills you and steals your train. That's it. Now I hate games where the main guy is destined to die, it makes everything you did up till that point pointless, however the ending isn't that bad, turns out you had a daughter and mystery guy will take care of her now.WHAT? Why did mystery guy had to kill bald guy then? To take his train? He can't even properely operate that thing. There was no point in bald guy's death except to make us feel bad. The only thing this does is explain who bald guy has been trying to contact from a certain point but his messages never arrived because reasons. Just for that ending alone I'll give a negative review.TL;DR: boring reprtetive beginning, good middle part where plot stuff happens, terrible ending. Gameplay is alright but reprtetive, atmosphere great but gets predictable after a while."
,Not Recommended,435530,29354543,Posted: 19 January,all,CrazyBirdMan59,"Pretty fun game in terms of mechanics and whatnot, albiet rather short. Nothing special though. The only reason I play pixel-graphics 2D sidescrollers is for the story.But man oh man was the story disappointing.There's a difference between ""leaving the story open to interpretation"" and ""we're  lazy and can't be bothered making a real  storyline, so we're going to leave our game half-finished and slap on a lousy ending while passing it off as a twist ending""Somebody call MatPat, we've got a new FNaF! (I have nothing against FNaF, but it is notorious for having more content story-wise in Game Theory videos than the actual game itself).Honestly, a Jacob Sartorius fanfiction would probably have a more coherent plot than this game.And before you say it, no, it is not a matter of whether or not I ""understand"" the story - there's nothing to understand. There are no explanations, just little ambigious statements that seem to be leading up to some big climax, some huge reveal, only to end abruptly. And there are no alternate endings.Here's a great analogy: Imagine a movie studio getting a bunch of teaser trailors for different sci-fi movies with similar themes. The studio then proceeds to paste all of said teaser trailors together into a feature-length film. That's what this game is like. One, big, four-hour long teaser trailor.Ignore all the story, pretend it's just another zombie apocalypse game, and you'll probably have fun.Gameplay: 8.5/10 (Some rare projectile collision issues)Story: 3/10 (Would have been awesome if all that build-up had actually led to anything)Soundtrack: 3.5/10 (It wasn't blaring, buzzy, low-quality heavy metal, but it wasn't exactly impressive either. I barely even knew it was there)Visuals: 9/10 (Utilises pixels well, but certain stuff looks weird if you concentrate on it too much)"
76561197994703250,Not Recommended,435530,31523992,Posted: 3 May,all,rastilin,"It's ok.. the art style is great and the world is well made. On the other hand a lot of the damage you can take seems to be almost unavoidable, it's a bit short and, ultimately has a super-depressing and pointless ending as well as bucket-loads of very unlikable NPCs. There was a fashion for ""nihilistic"" books a while back, stuff like ""The Method""... don't make games like that because no one felt fulfilled with those books.I do want to see more games ""like"" this one, but not this much like this one."
,Not Recommended,435530,25261994,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Arimil75,"Fantastic Gameplay. Next to no story.The story is non existent, the gameplay is the only redeeming feature, and just when the game get's interesting, it ends. Don't waste your time on this, watch some youtube playthrough of it and save yourself the trouble."
,Not Recommended,435530,30759697,Posted: 26 March,all,DILDOZER420,"It could have been challenging but instead you respawn right next to where you died with all the items/money/health you had before. There's also zero puzzles, this would've dragged it out a bit longer and made it more fun. It could have had a great storyline but they left it open to interpretation, failing to explain most of the things that kept me interested, like what the ♥♥♥♥ was going on and what were those zombies? At least the art style was pretty good, was strange seeing realistic objects paired with pixel art but it blended quite well in most parts.I'd only suggest buying if it goes on sale"
76561197978315965,Recommended,435530,33107131,Posted: 1 July,all,HelterSkelter,"Well Crafted!I was originally drawn to The Final Station by the game art and the idea of a train engineer being the savior of humanity.After reading some of the negative reviews I wasn’t sure what to expect, but especially after playing through a few times, I can say that I really enjoyed this game.If I had to describe The Final Station with one word, it would be “artful.”  I mean this well beyond the visuals which are fantastic.The music was one of my favorite parts, adding to the ambient loneliness of the game.  I’m hoping for the DLC The Only Traitor soundtrack to be available for purchase on steam soon.The pacing of the game was also well done with the combat being more thoughtful than ‘hold down the fire button.’Of course, there is the story which seems to be one of the strongest points of contention with people who play the game.  I love that the story preserves a sense of mystery.  As the player, you must piece together what is going on rather than the game spoon feeding dialogue. The game also does a wonderful job of avoiding tedious exposition.  I also really liked the ending (which I will not spoil) of both the main story and the DLC.After playing this game I am left wanting more, and that is greatest compliment I can think to give any game."
,Recommended,435530,33512071,Posted: 13 July,all,Hyena-Dog,"Amazing! Story rich, great soundtrack. I love the pixel artwork and the feel of the game. Steam needs more games like this one."
,Recommended,435530,33014901,Posted: 29 June,all,RPD_Hunter_482,"This is game has a wonderful soundtrack. It has a beautiful, simple, but yet a unique art style. It has a very strong atmosphere and it has an interesting backstory."
,Recommended,435530,31481305,Posted: 1 May,all,Mabec,"A short but pleasant experience... and as a train conductor I expect to wear a gun at all time from now on... AND STOP BLEEDING ON THE SEAT, MARK!8/10"
,Not Recommended,435530,31288033,Posted: 21 April,all,zzwardog,"At the first glance, The Final Station looks like an interesting survival/horror game and after playing it I have to say to buy it when it’s on sale if you are really interested in getting it. With what you get in this game you will be severely disappointed if you buy it at it’s 15 dollar price.Gameplay in this game is very upsetting. I expected to be challenged and have to manage my resources while exploring abandoned towns and outposts but I ended up purging the area with nothing but my fists and rarely using my ammo. Also medkits are useless because when you die you spawn right back where you were in some spots.The Train bit are the weirdest part in the whole game because it’s one of the crucial times to take in vital info about the story, but You need to fix the train because it’s falling apart, The passenger you picked up from your last stop is bleeding all over the train floor, and two of your passengers will die of starvation if they aren’t given a box of crackers! I hardly read all of their conversations too concerned about everything else going on.Those are my really big gripes with the game. It was never the less interesting and I loved some of the environments in the game. Characters were pretty cool even though some of them are a little forgettable. The towns were pretty fun to explore (even though you get a handful of towns to explore) and have some pretty interesting areas.The Final Station is a weak survival/horror game where you will end up with plenty of resources to keep yourself and your passengers happy. It’s an okay game but I wouldn’t recommend for it’s gameplay. Probably for it’s story but I don’t know much because the goddamn fan needed stabilizing.TL:DR - wait for sale if you’re really interested."
,Not Recommended,435530,31326545,Posted: 23 April,all,pika pika,"I am really dissapointed. The game itself is very short, has almost no meaning and is kinda boring, cause you basically switch between two actions – killing zombies and caring about your passangers and train. There wasn't even one challenge, if you failed, you tried again and you succeeded. Even no riddle. Just dissapointment."
,Recommended,435530,33450081,Posted: 11 July,all,Smoker,I hope I get a train to tour the world when it ends.
,Recommended,435530,33605874,Posted: 17 July,all,Nevasol Ltd.,"A relatively short schematic adventure game, the dlc makes a bit of difference replacing the train with a car, however the gameplay is posed to be schematic and not that open, means that someone might find it a  tad boring. I completed it and not regretting, takes approx. 6hr gameplay"
,Recommended,435530,25279867,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Romenics,"Initially, this review was ""negative"" but the game actually not so bad, it have great atmosphere of unknown and good music which maintain this atmosphere.So I decided to change a type of the review to ""positive"".However the game still have some problem which is partially described in original review below.In addition I may say that the game in unreasonably difficult and will be good if developer will lower a difficulty or will add a cheat mode.Also take a note that comments to this review may contains some spoilers.Original text of the review:-----------------------------------------------------------The story of this game is very mysterious and addictive, but gameplay is boring and repetitive, so you will continue to play this game only to explore the story. But once you will complete the game, you will not be satisfied. The authors made quite unpleasant trick with the ending.I still don't want to spoil it. But most likely, you will be disappointed. If you played Mass Effect, you may experience similar feelings, in some sense."
,Recommended,435530,34740406,Posted: 4 September,all,Gobo [OMFG],"There's just something wonderfully charming about this game. Didn't take me long to finish, but it was pretty fun. Quirky story, and interesting premise. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,435530,33116755,Posted: 1 July,all,boanoitevermes,10/10DAT ENDING
,Recommended,435530,28118568,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,KRONK,"Great game with an Insane atmosphere and Amazing sound quality!This game brings too many questions, where you find yourself thinking what the hell happen' along the jorney...Basically, the creators of the game, want you to find the answers for yourself, and think outside the ""box""Don't expect Insane graphics or and excellent design.It's a small game, gave me some jump scares, but was well thought...Rate: 8.9/10"
,Recommended,435530,26241330,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,fantomchoder,"This had some serious potential to be a great game, but fell a bit short. I love the mysteriousness of the story/situation without any explainations which feels realistic. It's fun going station to station while discovering notes and finding survivors to try and piece together what's going on exactly as best as you can. The graphics look fantastic with great pixel art too, and controls feel very smooth.Here's some of my complaints though (given I've only played 8 stations or so):1) Absolutely hate when the skill needed for killing some enemies primarily involves how to climb up or down a ladder while they're camping out at the entrance. Shooting straight up or down while climbing is impossible so you need to first climb to get your feet on the ground by which point the enemies are already surrounding you with no chance of escape. It's even difficult shooting from the top of a ladder to the ground below because there's certain angles that you just can't shoot at for absolutely no reason and it looks completely unrealistic. These issues aren't fun or challenging in a good way - it feels like an unrealistic handicap for no reason. Shooting in general is fun except when ladders are involved... it feels surprisingly how they found this acceptable for the game.2) More background music. I know it's supposed to be post-apocalyptic and focusing on the quietness to stress the situation; however, it's just way too quiet and there could have been music that still expresses that sentiment without leaving you feeling bored from the silence.3) Stations feel increasingly repetitive. Needs new mechanics or even more explorative environmental interaction (like reading notes, etc) introduced to keep things fresh. Similarly, the train ride between station needs much more variation in the tasks to get the train there safely.4) Crafting should get slightly more complex to keep stations more interesting as game progresses.5) Dying doesn't really carry any penalty, and it always puts you in a situation where you know the positions of the enemies to get it right the next time immediately. Not necessarily bad but feels weird for a survival type game.6) Some miscellaneous neglibible confusing points like the hunger meters for people - the hunger meter works like a health bar so a) it drains as they get hungry and b) fills as you feed them. It feels weird from a UI perspective to feed someone and see their hunger bar increase.Overall I still like it despite #1 almost ruining it for me completely. Definitely worth grabbing when it's on sale."
,Recommended,435530,29116051,Posted: 8 January,all,Chuck Greene,"I thought this was a fairly good game, but it is very short. I managed to beat it completely in about three hours. There doesn't really seem to be any post-game content either, which makes it difficult for me to want to play it again. It would have been nice if the developers had included some kind of ""free-mode"" that just would allow you to go from station to station gathering supplies/survivors in order to try to survive as long as possible or something. Because of the story, it makes sense that you wouldn't be able to modify your train in any way. Especially true considering you're only supposed to be a conductor and not much else. Maybe if they make a sequel or something, they could touch upon that idea?I thought the story's really good and I won't spoil anything for you, but it did leave me desiring more of it as well as answers. The most annoying thing about the story is that a lot of the survivors you rescue have dialog that explains a lot about the world the game's story, but you can't really read all of it because you're usually running all over the place trying to make sure they live and the train doesn't break (especially true with the more survivors you have). That's another complaint I have about it, but it does make sense that you could only hear them talking when you're with the cabin with them.The graphics for the character models aren't that amazing at all, but they fit the setting and theme very well. As for the environments, they're all really very well done. Much more so than the actual characters. It makes you wish you could see more of it even and some areas will probably leave you with more questions as you try to find out more about the game's world as a whole.In the end, I reccommend this game, but not at full price. I felt like I took my time going through the game and it still only took me about three hours though multiple sittings so, for the value/time, I can't say it's worth full price. But if it comes up on sale, like it was for me, I say it's definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,435530,31259096,Posted: 20 April,all,Gehenna,"I can't remember the last time I said out loud: ""That's it? What the ♥♥♥♥?""My understanding is that this game is supposed to be story driven, because the rather bland and simplistic survival elements and repetitive combat certainly weren't the highlight of the experience.However, the conclusion that is presented at face value is just one of those clichéd ""mysterious, deep, open-ended"" endings that left me unsatified. The story presented here had me interested up until the ending, where none of my questions were answered, and my entire journey now seemed pointless."
,Recommended,435530,25877897,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,andrew,"Quick Review:The game is based mostly around the story-telling aspect for enjoyment. You may get a kick out of the 2-D shooting and basic micro-managing of supplies to keep people alive, however the main appeal of the game is the open-endedness of the story.If you like stories that directly tell you everything you need to know to come full circle, than this game isn't for you. However, if you like the story to be open ended and left to the imagination yet closed enough to pose theories to you and your friends then this is a perfect example of it.Best compared to Dark Souls for storytelling - You have to actively try to get the story put together, however unlike Dark Souls you cannot enjoy the game w/o the story.6/10 - Couple complaints that would extend this review, but it's not relative to the main idea so I won't post them."
76561198133041537,Not Recommended,435530,25352222,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,meakink,"The review is based off the price of the game, there was about 4 hours of gameplay to get through the entire story (with a few deaths that set me back maybe about half a hour). The story its self was very interesting however you didn't learn much and it left lots to be figure out by the player by exploring every room and piecing things together. Would reccommend the purchase if it was on at least a 50% off sale however i woldn't reccomend paying full price."
,Recommended,435530,25266342,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Nevar Atine,"I'm giving this a positive only because the Devs obviously put a lot of work into making this game as smooth and playable as it is.Saying that, it is incredibly short (I beat it in under 2 hours, including deaths) and the ending is a clichéd letdown. Not to mention money is scarce in the begining but useless later (I had $2000+) and the pistol's upgrades seem to be ignored when it's replaced by the rifle.Maybe a 2/5 - enough to be enjoyable but not really worth it in the end..."
,Recommended,435530,25264835,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Atia,"Simple movements, actions, puzzles(not complex at all no), story telling, but all worked out well for an atmospheric ride.Might be tiny bit expensive for a 6Hr game, but if you earn enough of your own money, I recommend this."
76561198127091982,Not Recommended,435530,28699218,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sticky8soul,"Art direction, sound, and setting are engrossing and compelling.BUTThe game is shockingly short.Replayability is almost non-existent. The bits of story you might be able to salvage from replaying the game are negligible.Multitasking and having to balance your resources on the train is underwhelming, and monotonous. Although the vistas in the background are pure eye candy, only the shreds of exposition revealed by the characters are of any real interestI was expecting the need to switch up tactics when gunning through a new area, but like the rest of the game it is repetitive and minimalistic.Translation errors abound, but this will not soil your experience.This game feels like a development pitch rather than a full release. I adore indie efforts, but paying $15 for this half baked game was a joke and I regret it."
76561198034410496,Not Recommended,435530,25849400,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,liptos88,"Consistently cool, interesting, and detailed art and atmosphere, but repetetive and uninspired gameplay quickly feels like a chore, making the game worth $5, maybe $10, in my opinion.Saw the promotional materials and the unique detailed visuals hooked me in, the game concept sounded interesting, like some kind of zombie-esque survival game where you gather different supplies to survive and fight off enemies to advance, gather more stuff, and learn things about the world.  Technically that is all true, but the end result feels a lot more watered down than I was hoping for.Ultimately the game is just a series of 2D walking simulator levels and 2D third-person shooter levels. Now that would be fine, except there's what, five or six different enemies in the entire game?  And even then, there are two pairs of very similar enemies which you can barely distinguish from one another.  So there's essentially four enemies, slow-moving grunt, quick moving grunt, armored grunt, and exploding grunt.  And I don't think you need to be a genius to figure out the right strategy to beat each of them.  Ok, so you quickly figure that out, and then the game is just like 20 levels of series of small waves of these guys through different rooms, and it just becomes really dull, really fast.  You have two guns, a normal gun and a shotgun later on, but it's always obvious to bring out the shotgun when there's a big cluster of concentrated enemies.  So I barely felt any challenge getting through the levels, it was just a grind.Granted that grind is done through a series of really cool pixel art environments.  They're detailed and unique, and was the one special thing about this game that really hit me.  It really exudes this eerie gritty techno dystopian vibe that I can't recall seeing anywhere else. There are these little details and fine look where you can tell the artist put a lot of effort and passion into it, in a similar way to the game Fez.  It really immerses you in the world, and made me want to get to know it better.  Kudos to the artist and I would look forward to more of their work in the future.The story is interesting, but I found it a bit sparse and confusing.  I suppose the story writer meant it this way, but it felt like you're only given the barest of information to try and piece together what's going on and who's who, a feat that I probably didn't succeed at too well.  I don't think I skipped much of the info that's offered, and yet by the end I still barely had any idea who the 'Settlers' were, who all the mysterious characters are, etc.  But it's still interesting enough that you're compelled to see what happens next.The music is ok, if I remember correctly a lot of the game has no background music, so there's a couple themes that appear here and there, but it's just a few atmospheric tunes, plus the title theme.  They fit, they're nice, but nothing special to me.All in all, I thought the unique art and story were enough to make the game worth finishing, but barely so.  The art and story can only make up so much for the uninspired and repetetive gameplay, which is the meat of the game.  If you want an artistically unique and interesting indie game, and don't mind mediocre gameplay, give this one a try.  If you're looking for a fun and engaging core gameplay experience, I'd avoid this game.  I'd say the game is worth $5, maybe $10, so I cannot recommend it at the current price of $14.99.  If there's a good sale, however, consider giving it a buy."
76561198008968075,Not Recommended,435530,25486229,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Afterbirth Buffet Special,"Almost good, but missing something I can't quite put my finger on.Good:Setting is amazing, very atmosphericThe story is told in a very interesting fashionSome of the levels are genuine spookyThe art style is good. They pull off pixel art w/o the kitschsound effects are top notch (especially the story element ones)Bad:Enemies are all boilerplate goons.While it had it's good parts, the story is very confusing (and I'm not sure it makes sense, even if you caught all of it)All of the train ride sessions are just a boring whack-a-mole mini-gameIf you really want this guy, wait till it's on sale"
,Not Recommended,435530,30009935,Posted: 18 February,all,uran238,"Nice little game, but to short and story dosn't make any sense. It could be because I played it in german and the german translation is terribly terribly bad.Nice, but not worth the money."
76561198034310905,Not Recommended,435530,25583131,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,RollPlayingGamer,"*Early impressions* *indepth thoughts below*+Great art style+Great sound design and ost+Story is told in a really creative and fun way+Stunning atmosphere+Story is engaging-Train is reduced to whack-a-mole minigame-2d sidescrolling not-zombie is most of the game and boring-Supplies seem to scream lots of not-zombies ahead with no creative approach viable. Basically it feels lazy.-Survivors are hidden in the 2d not-zombie shooter segments. This would be a plus if the shooting levels were funI had some pretty high hopes for this game, I mean. It sounds amazing in concept. Keep your train running, Scavenge for supplies to keep said train running. However the game has a couple of issues.First of all it barely has anything to do with trains. The meat of the game is spent in a 2D sidescrolling not-zombie shooter. Which, In my opinion isn't really well thought out. At first i thought it was brillant. Throw objects at zombies to conserve ammo, Use heavy punches to knock off armor plated not-zombiesHowever shortly after the game just kinda gives you guns and ammo basically screaming ""Hey player! How about a group of not-zombies?"" I don't feel like a scavenger if literally everything i find is because in the next room over i need to use it to survive. (The breaking point for me was when the game gives you a shotgun and you find a note saying ""Don't go into the subway!"" And you are, Unless i ♥♥♥♥ed up. Forced to go into the subway)Back to that train, It's basically a whack-a-mole game as another reviewer described. red ""!"" appears over a console or person and you have to either play a minigame or give them something. I was really hoping for more meaningful train mechanics. Other then busy work until you get to the next station.Now, This game does do a lot right. For instance the story is told in a very creative way and the atmosphere is expertly done. For example you have a text message console that allowes you to communicate with other train workers. And your passengers will talk about the lore of the world allowing you to fill in the gaps of the story (if you rescue, and keep them alive anyways) I'll probably keep playing for the story alone to be honest. It's got me hooked. I really wish steam had a neutral button instead of thumbs up/down as this game deserves a neutral in my book.TL:DR Buy it on sale - Story so far is great - Gameplay is meh"
76561198280645632,Not Recommended,435530,29973916,Posted: 16 February,all,T R A S H,ehhh...I sorta liked the story but I say it is not worth the $15 bucks i mean you can by a better game with that money and the story is too small and to fast to know what is going on
,Not Recommended,435530,25337592,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Joshwaaaa,"The Final Station.A world wide infection that causes people to literally turn black.This game takes you on an exciting journey that ends too quickly.From the gunplay to the passenger and train management, it needed to feel more fleshed out.From 3 weapons to the 6 unique enemies you encounter, it left a little more to be desired.I felt if they had added a difficulty option, or even a survival mode, this might have made its worth in price.But despite all of this, it was still an enjoyable 5 hour ride.It was just one that ended right before it left the station./end joke"
76561198030789836,Recommended,435530,26684668,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xJOINERx,I thought this game was amazing.  I liked the story and the scenery was beautiful.  Well made for a little $15 game.  I hope that someone makes a sequel to this game.
,Recommended,435530,26571591,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Anita,"Played this game for a while and I really like the art.The music is kind of the same thing through all the game, but didn't find it annoying... sometimes didn't even pay attention to it.Gameplay is straightforward. I used controller to play it and shooting is not perfect, aiming is actually the hardest, sometimes it aimed right, sometimes it shifted to another place on its own but you can deal with it.Overall it's a good game, hope there's more to it since I still think the story never gets really explained... even when going through the whole thing again."
,Recommended,435530,32911285,Posted: 27 June,all,Venom Dax,"Refreshing survival horror, with trains and it's own sci-fi charm. Picked up the collector's bundle for $12, with an artbook, soundtrack, and dlc. Money well spent and truly a hidden gem.You play a train conductor, manage an experimental train on the rails, pick up survivors on the way(make sure they're fed and healthy) while you scavange infected stations for supplies and the blocker code to continue onwards to your next destination.The only con for me, was the fact that you can really tell that english is not the developer's or their editor's first language. The grammar and sentence structure is ""off"" at times, even downright confusing. A great game nonetheless, and well worth your time."
,Recommended,435530,33156748,Posted: 2 July,all,.Wolfman,Amazing narrative told with easy to learn and use game mechanics.
,Recommended,435530,32970717,Posted: 28 June,all,Bittershanks,"This game is fantastic. Simply put, it's a story that you play, and it's told very well.  The gameplay is good, and I would find myself restarting levels to get things as close to perfect as I could, each time.  It's a thoughtful tale, and it definitely tugs on your heartstrings. I sincerely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,435530,33055707,Posted: 30 June,all,sirfalstaff44,"To be frank, the game is half-baked.The retro-style pixel graphics are great - really, the best thing about the game.  The combat is okay - not good, not bad, just rather simple and functional.  If you're looking for a pixel-shooter, you can do much better.The survival mechanics are just busywork.  Granted, that's basically any survival game, but here they become a chore more than anything.  Likewise the simple minigames and you engage in to keep your train running.  Both of these things will distract you from the bulk of the story, which is odd because it's pretty clear the devs are very much in love with the story.I don't know why, it's not a very good or interesting story.  The dialogue is actually pretty bad, at least in its english version; the devs really should have hired someone with a better grasp of the language to write the localization.  The ending...  Well, I won't get into any spoilers, but it leaves a lot to be desired.The odd thing is the game style was really begging for a roguelike treatment, and I'm confused as to why the devs didn't go that route.  Not every game needs to be a roguelike, but I think it would have done well for this game.As it is, I really can't recommend it."
,Recommended,435530,33156917,Posted: 2 July,all,TheShutterNinja,"The only thing I would preface when recommending this game is that it is a short one. It is otherwise a fantastic minimalist survival horror and exploration game with an atmospheric soundtrack and creepy unfolding of events as you traverse deeper into the country with your train.There isn't much depth with its mechanics which includes crafting, scavenging, saving those you find along your way and keeping your train repaired, but they don't overstay their welcome considering the overall time it will take you to complete the game.Enjoy the visuals, the music, and exploring through its subtle narrative and you'll have a fine experience."
,Recommended,435530,32831472,Posted: 26 June,all,An Agreed Upon Price,"The game is nice.Linear, but well thoughtNice checkpointsEasy to pick up and learn (especially to play through)Simple designTerrific lore and small reads (no lenghty texts at all)It is a great game to spend time on, and you can even leave whenever you feel like it, and it will just pop right back up around where you left off at."
76561198317227517,Recommended,435530,28480273,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,PenGuinJr,This a very good game. The entire plot was fantastic confusing and I still have many questions about it. The ending was a little tedious. I was able to finish the game in 3 hours I would have liked more content for the amount of money I spent on the game. But over all It was a fine game.
76561197969195728,Recommended,435530,33408682,Posted: 9 July,all,archipelago,"Great game, wonderful art and worldbuilding, cool story and nice gameplay."
,Not Recommended,435530,32743909,Posted: 24 June,all,Daassie,"Simple walking simulator with simple combat, good atmosphere and bad, bad English. The ending is super meh, so I hope you enjoy the ride; no closure or replay value here, friend.Not recommended as a product.PS. Oh, did you want storytelling beyond teasing, character interaction and actual resource management? There's none of that either."
76561198101182907,Recommended,435530,32970231,Posted: 28 June,all,하니 오빠,"Its has a nice old school atmosphere of the pixel platformers, but has a modern plot that really helps make the game fresh and fun. The plot is also not too tell tale and very nuanced which is fun to piece togetherOnly complaint is the replay value is low unless you are collecting achievements"
,Recommended,435530,33475640,Posted: 12 July,all,Bastidge Child,"Outstanding, highly recommended,"
,Recommended,435530,26752352,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lipe,Interesting indie game with a good mystery making a good history. The only disappointing aspect i must say is the price for a indie game but if u have the money i recommend it.
76561197995131346,Not Recommended,435530,26749953,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sheepshager,Good design and fun to play. Very poor ending and not long enough to justify the cost.
,Recommended,435530,31336755,Posted: 24 April,all,JustAcceptIt-V1™,Haven't played for long but i do reccomend the game (scared the ♥♥♥♥ outta me ;~;)
,Recommended,435530,31280179,Posted: 21 April,all,pan1cmode,"At first I though this game will be boring, because of very simple gameplay, which sometimes felt dull. But then, story hooked me up, stumpled upon extended gameplay elements, like different guns, which you have to use in specific situations and more. Game also has resource management part, which is simple, but still cool enough.Good, atmospheric game to have some rest after the hard day at work."
,Recommended,435530,31329613,Posted: 23 April,all,ChaotikCanuck,A fun game with an interesting story. There is enough things to do to keep you interested but not to much to make you feel overwhelmed
,Recommended,435530,31437763,Posted: 29 April,all,Vante,A cute little side scrolling shooter. nice indy graphics. none of that roguelike perma death crap. Driving the train is not nearly as interesting as it could have been.
76561197994873105,Recommended,435530,31452536,Posted: 29 April,all,6ampstate,"I like games like this one.  It reminds me of Iniside with it's mystery and implications of a 'story'.  It like that mystery.   I wish the difficulty increased more than it did.  It teaches you the mechanics very early on, then it just becomes somewhat casual without much of 'real challenge' up unitl the very end.  Though I did enjoy the whole game, it could imrove.  It makes me want to keep playing games.So, for that 9/10"
,Recommended,435530,31257508,Posted: 20 April,all,DanGraf,"However you approach it, the gameplay is mediocre at best. In fact, aside from it's *exceptional* audio, any single aspect of this game feels barely adequate. But altogether - the whole of The Final Station achieves something *far* greater than the sum of its parts - a sign of excellent creative direction. This game isn't what it could have been with perhaps a bigger budget or longer dev cycle, but the gripping atmosphere, well paced levels and gradually unfolding story are intriguing enough to warrant a full play-through, and especially memorable due to aforementioned awesome sound design. It's not a long experience, and the gameplay is not excellent, but in terms of atmosphere, worldcraft and storytelling, few games achieve so much with so little."
,Recommended,435530,31401766,Posted: 27 April,all,disc0rd,"First time I heard about this game was when my (then) favorite streamer played an early version of the game, it looked nice and seemed like a cool game. Recently it was on sale and I thought ""Finally, my time to play it!"". Now, a couple of hours later, I'm mostly glad I did. Mostly? Yes, that's right.If we were to take it all step by step, the game to me is great looking, the sound is creating some great atmosphere and immersion, the gameplay is for the most part rather simple - one part driving a train and making sure your passengers stay alive until their final destination, one part looting, shooting ""zombies"" and... staying alive yourself. So far, so good, right?Then comes the story. From what I could gather, there had been some kind of Alien invasion a ""while"" back and now they're back and every human being has been infected by some ""virus"", turning them into monsters. You're playing as a nameless guy, conducting a train. Your train is the only train left running on the tracks. Why? Can't tell you. It's kind of sad that the story telling is lack luster as I'd love to know more about what was going on.In the end, I was left wanting more of what I just spent some hours on. I know there's DLC, but I don't know... maybe some kind of sequel? I mean, they can't be the only ones on the planet. However, I really do recommend it - for full price or on sale, it doesn't matter."
,Recommended,435530,31391410,Posted: 27 April,all,TunaMayoJacketPotato,Simple but fun gameplay with an ambient and engrossing story.An extreme level of detail aswell.
,Recommended,435530,31391742,Posted: 27 April,all,tearfromthered,"Imagine if Metro 2033 and The Last of Us made a 2d pixel art Indie baby. a short linear survival action experience, with a very interesting setting and art, a rich background and extra narrative content for the more curious. a 3-5h experience, this is not a rogue-like you have checkpoints and the level design (awesome in here) is made manually. The main issue is the kind of repetitiveness of the gameplay. But the gloomy and mysterious mood around the game will make it worth your time."
,Not Recommended,435530,33375701,Posted: 8 July,all,Smarf,"There's a reasonmostreviews of this game are based on about a 5-6 hour playtime: that's how long it takes to complete the game once and there's nothing to motivate you to play it beyond one playthough. While the music and artwork are of a great standard you will quickly find that a short story is explained over ~15 train stops, each of which offers you almost exactly the same gameplay as the last.If it's on sale and you don't have high expectations then it's a solid purchase. Otherwise there are definitely better ways to spend your money at this time.Full ReviewI really wanted to love this game. The very concept of managing a post-apocalyptic survival train with scant supplies, crafting items from the loot of overrun settlements, and learning about the second coming of an alien threat while making tough choices about which passengers to save and who to kill for resources sounds like the recipe for an absolute indie gem.In practice you'll spend 5-6 hours learning about how each of these elements fail to live up to their potential.GameplayThe TrainThe sections of this game on the train offer not much more than a combination of a pretty background and basic minigames that are repetitive enough that you'll wish you could just stop the darn train and walk for the rest of the game. You'll be distracted from tidbits about the story to keep an eye on slowly depleting Health and Hunger bars for passengers and fixing one randomly failing part of your train each ride on the train.It gets old pretty quickly.There's so much more that could have been done with this half of the gameplay. I don't pretend to know under what conditions this game was made but there's just nothing apart from the art that makes this section of gameplay enjoyable.If you removed the unenjoyable minigames the gamecouldfocus more time and effort to the storyline.Or if you removed the passengers telling their chunks of story while you rush around trying to make sure the bleeding man doesn't die on the floor or the poor woman doesn't starve to death, the gamecouldhave a more fun, engaging miniature management game with worthwhile rewards.The onboard computer allows you to do four things: monitor the train, receive messages from other operators, craft medkits/ammo, and follow your route.In reality it allows you to do four things: find out which part of the train you'll spend most of this ride having to painfully manage, occasionally receive messages that are just long enough for someone to bleed out in the back of the train with choices that do not affect the game, craft either a medkit or one of two types of ammunition, and work out if you've got a nice long section of non-train gameplay ahead of you so that you can have some fun... maybe...Overall the train sections of the game will make you wish that more time was spent on the game to give you more enjoyable minigames, a more customizable train, or maybe just even for monsters to attack the train.Not On The TrainThere's about 7 or 8 types of enemy which eventually boil down to either monsters you can just punch to death or monsters you have to waste bullets on. Apart from shooting them you can also throw chairs and barrels at them or push boxes onto their heads. That's in. 80% of your time spent engaging with enemies will involve going up and down a ladder while throwing punches.The loot and crafting system is there in the same way see-through underwear is: It's technically there but it it misses the point. There's around 5 different items that you can pick up that can be used to craft one of three things, anything else is just there for money and even then you don't sell it yourself, you just magically receive money when you get to one of five stations at the end of each chapter. With this money you can buy food to make sure passengers don't starve, medkits to make sure you can keep those annoying ill passengers alive, and ammunition or gun upgrades so you spend less of the game running up and down ladders punching enemies.Most stations share a similar design: go right, open doors, find a code, use key you find near the code to open the one or two locked doors in the level, go back to the train. Occasionally you'll see a drumkit or guitar in a level which is cool, but it does remind you that you could be doing something more fun instead of playing the current iteration of The Final Station.All in all it's a fun enough game for the first chapter but quickly loses it's charm when you realise that neither main sections of the game offer you anything more than busy-work. Despite this the art has a definite charm, the music is alright, and the story is serviceable.This is a review of the base game ""The Final Station"" and does not include a review of the DLC currently available."
76561198075202999,Not Recommended,435530,31302681,Posted: 22 April,all,Jakuzi,I'm a little disappointed by this. For whatever reason I thought a game where you play as a conductor and frequently ride a train would give you more to do when actually on the train. This game has a not so neat fracture between actually playing (as in shooting zombies) and the train segments where some side characters exposit about what's going on in a somewhat cryptic manner. Being on the train is just dull. And unfortunately being off the train is also dull. The graphics seem a little underdone in a lot of places and there's nothing memorable about the character design. Just go play deadbolt.
,Not Recommended,435530,30469926,Posted: 12 March,all,Merllinas,"Grab it if it's on discount and you want easy, relaxing game.Pros:- Nice music- Wonderful atmosphere- Eye catching pixel artCons:- Story is way too short for $15.- Not really clear what is happening and why even if you read all texts, notes etc.- Not much of a survival game. A little resource management required if you want to get all achievements.- Crafting system is quite limited and does not require any though what to craft and when.- A little bit too easy."
76561198022311003,Recommended,435530,32956804,Posted: 28 June,all,ZappBrannigan,"A game with interesting ideas that, unfortunately, never quite lives up to its potential. Its surreal world is intriguing and very atmospheric. Certain areas become truly creepy and unnerving. The actualy ""plot"" - such as it is - never really gets off the ground, however.  The story just doesn't go anywhere and ends abruptly. Lots of things are referred to, but it just never feels like a coherent story and there are so many unanswered questions that it just becomes bad design. Where is the other half of the game??Gameplaywise, there are 2 parts: managing your train and exploring. The train is basically just micromanaging parts with simple controls and babysitting passenegers who are inexplicably incapable of feeding themselves. It's boring and feels like busywork. When you get off the train, it's a 2d shooter with limited ammo. Gunplay is serviceable but clunky. There are only 4 enemies and they lack a real sense of personality or menace. Other than that you just wander around and salvage stuff like in a thousand other games. The gameplay desperately needed something more, some sort of twist to make it unique and interesting.The graphics, on the other hand, are often beautiful and sometimes haunting. Strange, mysterious backgrounds are around every corner. There are many intriguing sights and a variety of environments. I really liked this.I also would like to point out how excellent the sound design is. The music is great and really sets a mood. Sound effects like rain, grass crunching under your feet, etc. are also good. Guns are not so good. The guns sound like peashooters and don't make much of an impact.All in all, it's a short game (4 hours) that I would recommend only on sale if you are interested in a unique and atmospheric game that falls short on actual gameplay."
76561197997692528,Recommended,435530,31266631,Posted: 20 April,all,PorcupineThumbs,"I am not a big fan of the ""retro"" style games that seem to be coming out by the dozen recently. Having said that, I knew I was going to get this as soon as it went on sale. Unless I am really excited about a game, I usually wait until it is on a 75% sale. The 67% off sale that is going on now brought this down under $5 so I picked it up, and I am glad that I did. It took me a little over 5 hours to complete (taking my time AND going back to check all locked doors) so it fits within the $1 per hour of playtime rule.It is a pretty simple concept for a game with 2 different sections, managing resources and keeping survivors alive on the train (while listening to their exposition to get a deeper understanding of what is going on) and clearing each station as you come to it. I read that some of the other reviewers complained about not being able to keep up with the dialog on the train becaue of the ""mini-games."" First, they stop talking when you leave their car. Second,there is only ever one gauge that you have to manipulate between stops, so it is easy to keep up with."
,Recommended,435530,26977676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,antyblin,"I was waiting this game for so long... but release became fabulous disappointment for me.Let's talk about pros and cons.Pros:nice pixel graphics and animations of the foreground, characters, items and stuffgreat work with soundsinteractive environmentinteresting references to the science fiction works and writersthis game is very atmosphericCons:the game's short: it took only 6.5 hous for me to complete it and get all achievmentsunpleasent difference in drawing techniques of foreground and background,it seems that they didn't have enough time to carefully draw a background in pixel graphic style. and as a result it looks like a posterized images or photosmissions when you're in the train are boring. i've expected more features like train upgrades and defend.of course, there're lots of interesting dialogs between your passengers, but you have to maintain your train? which leads to the fact that you easily miss at least half of themmap makes no sense: it looks like you can choose where you want to go, but you can'tSo... I recommend to buy this game but only at a discount."
76561198158480061,Recommended,435530,34565359,Posted: 28 August,all,Skull Mc Curly,"The game is VERY good, I cannot stress that enough, one of the best indie experiences I've had in a long time. But the game is way to short, it seems to end very suddenly, and mechanics such as train maitnence and shop seem to be very under used in the game. The story is also complex and is almost not delivered to you, but I feel that the plot is told more in a traditional Souls like fasion rather than it just not being there. Speaking of plot, there seem to be a large amount of contex clues that should refer to later parts in the game, but end up just not ever being explained. You will end the game feeling that there should be so much more in this $15 package, but what you get isn't exactly bad either.Buy the game on sale, but I personaly think it was worth full price."
,Recommended,435530,35441773,Posted: 3 October,all,Dr. Rj,sad :(
76561197995193399,Not Recommended,435530,33203476,Posted: 3 July,all,Dr-X,"I don't often give games negative reviews but in this case....the story and ending were just a little too bizarre.  Made the rest of the game (which wasn't bad) seem like a giant waste of time.  If you don't mind being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the end of a game, then give it a whirl."
,Recommended,435530,25408005,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,wormroom,"A neat game, but definitely not what I was expecting. I heard about The Final Station on Giant Bomb, and expected to play a roguelike-y post-apoc Oregon Trail with trains. What I got was a neat adventure title with so-so combat.The game's loop is made up of two parts: Exploration and travel. Exploration involves pressing E on every interactable object and killing gross guys. You can also find survivor-types during the exploration phase, who disappear after you press E on them they'll reappear in your train during the travel phase.I picked the game up after taking one look at the game's travel phase for two reasons: Trains are cool and I like getting stressed out about resource management. Sadly, what I got was a lot more fiddly than stressful. Most of the ""repairs"" you end up handling on the train amount to no-effort minigames, and saving survivors doesn't feel all that great either. You have to feed and medicate them until you hit a safe (metropolitan) station. They reward you with cash, weapon upgrades, or a nice conversation after disembarking.The Final Station's english translation is really bad. The game's narrative is a bit enigmatic, and it's a lot tougher to parse when the sparse dialogue doesn't make all that much sense.Despite all these complaints, though, I had fun playing The Final Station. It's a neat concept, if a bit more half-baked than I'd like. If you like narrative games, trains, and searching with the E key, then you'll probably enjoy."
76561198010181671,Recommended,435530,26901796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matthew,"This game is surprisingly fun. A mysterious threat, unknown not-zombies, resource management, and beautiful landscapes. What's not to like? :D"
,Recommended,435530,33227487,Posted: 4 July,all,Herr Hauptmann Köpenick,This game is a little treasure.The story is fresh and the gameplay easy.Wanna have a good time for a lil moment ? Try it !
,Recommended,435530,26616725,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Parrotte,"My experience with this game so far:- Travel from station to station, looking for supplies and survivors.- Use these supplies to keep yourself alive.- Use these supplies to keep the survivors alive.- Loot their corpse for $3 worth of pants when they don't."
,Recommended,435530,32802301,Posted: 25 June,all,FL,"This is a good game. Play it with sound, turn off any other distractions and just watch and listen to what it shows you. The music is great, the atmosphere is great, the world building is great.What is it? It's like inside / limbo with simple combat."
,Recommended,435530,33596617,Posted: 16 July,all,curiouspers,Great atmospheric game. Game that leaves many questions for you to thought about. That's very interesting expirience.
76561197967219542,Not Recommended,435530,31811447,Posted: 17 May,all,maverickwoe,"It looks great, it sounds great, it reads great but it plays bad.The soundtrack is good, some very good effort in the style, oppressing ambiance and story, intreaguing pixel art.This is what attracted me in the game at first but then , the gameplay didn't compel me.You're relying so much on ammo during the action scenes that it became annoying to play. I spent quite some time throwing items and using fists to progress to save ammo but was unsufficient and got quickly boring.I might have missed the point of the game probably but i'm no hardcore gamer.The second part of the game occurs between the action stages, where you get people onboard of your train and attend to them for food and health, while also maintaining one of the failing systems of the train.There is no challenge in there and again, this is relying a lot on what items you can spare.The story was really intreaguing though and I would have loved to discer the end of the story if the difficulty could be incredibly reduced. Specially how the world evolves at each station and how you get glimpses of explanations. Really thrilling.Anyway, very personnal opinion, but I do not recommend the game for its gameplay."
,Not Recommended,435530,31312811,Posted: 22 April,all,MiscOne,"Is the game bad? NO but i cant recommend it, because the Train part sucks that hard.You have to read text to follow the story, you have to keep them alive and never forget the trainpower system...and all this together...if you leave the passangers they stop talking. If you take to long and are willing to take some time you run out of supplies. So you skip the story to save the rare supplies.The ""Zombies/Mutants/Aliens"" are oddly what is it? Aliens? Zombies? Mutants? All in once? WTF!!!!The Story is telling you nothing you never understand the World...you not even can understand what was the storyline of this whole game....GAS....Medicaments...Virus...what does the outbreak...WHO CARES...its the second VISIT but noone knows anything...what are the settlers? So many questions and nearly no answers.Weapons System...Just a NO...use youre first 90% of the time...never use Medkits for youre own just die and retry if you lose too much health.The Ending is also nonsense, what did happen who is that guy whats wrong? So iam now a ""Zombie/Alien/Mutant myself and i came back home....but this guy is what? Why does he follow me and why does he kill me, a SECRET."
76561198003973154,Not Recommended,435530,31263382,Posted: 20 April,all,UniverseBear,"I bought this game on sale for $5.60 but the regular price is $16.99 and since that's the price the developers feel their game is worth then that's how I'll review it.Let's start with the pros:-beautiful pixel graphics (especially the backdrops)-interesting dialogue and readables (successfully makes you interested in the story for at least 2/3rds of the game)-combat and movement feel good-music and atmosphere are fantasticCons:-getting to the end of the story is like watching your 18 year old star basketball playing son slowly turn to meth instead of pursuing basketball. The story gets weird, vague, confusing and uninteresting near the end. Perhaps the developers wanted something deep instead of simply trying to survive some kind of terrible attack but the truth is that the ""survive some kind of terrible attack"" part of the story was the best,-there are only 3 different types of guns with the 3rd one just being an upgrade to your pistol.-combat can become repetitive as there are only 6 different enemies-there is no tutorial, does it suck that your first passenger dies because you literally didn't know you had to feed him? Kinda yah  it does.-this game is WAY too short for a $15.99 game. I finished at around the 3 hour mark. That's more than 5$ per hour of game. For the price the game needed to be at least 10 hours long (with more guns, enemies and areas). I can go see a 2 hour movie for 10$ but they'll also set me up with a giant screen and a comfy chair in a huge temperature regulated building.Overall: I enjoyed the 3 hours I put into the game. I was frustrated when I realized the game was ONLY 3 hours long and more so frustrated when I realized they M Night Shyamalaned all over the story line at the end. It was atmospheric and interesting at first but atmosphere and nonsensical storylines don't make a game unto themselves. I would not recommend this game at $5.60 and at $16.99 the greed of the developers will easily steer me clear past these developers in the future."
,Not Recommended,435530,31284318,Posted: 21 April,all,xXKasketXx,After beating this game I feel better about Mass Effect 3's ending.
,Recommended,435530,29114110,Posted: 8 January,all,RENGO,"was fun, crai crai ending tho"
76561198065385098,Recommended,435530,28955038,Posted: 2 January,all,Atmospheric Resident,"I appreciate this game but I don't know if I could recomend it to everyone.TL;DR. This is a game you think about more than a game you play.If you actually want a proper analysis I suggest you read below.The most striking part of The Final Station is its visual design.Its pixel art manages the tricky balancing act of representing a cold, dying, eastern-bloc feeling world without feeling ugly or low effort. Its certainly a joy to behold, the train itself, the Belus 07 espescially feels like a chunky clunky joy that barges along the tracks. Characters are efficiently designed as well, with just enough major details to imagine their look yourself. For instance the soldiers in the opening levels have gas mask and olive drap tops with webbing so you know they have hazmat gear but no body armour. Your first hint of what you're facing.But I think this game lets its commitment to artistic vision override good game design.For instance, the levels are essentially side-scrollers. Which feels very apropriate for this game. Aside from the fact that it nicely gels with the train motif and makes it feel as if you too are on rails it also feels very deterministic and confining. Again, much like the narrative, you are an instrument of a crumbling yet still overbearing regieme and stuck on a fixed route with only one way forward -- keep the train going. That said, it kills the gameplay in my opinion.The synopsis will tell you that you need to outsmart the infected. You do but not to any grand scale.The level design means there is only one route so you will encounter every enemy between you and your mission objectives. A few can be found in optional side rooms which make exploration a risk-reward of supplies versus getting attacked. However to get the level finished you will have to confront and kill most of them or all of them. You aren't fast enough to run away without taking hits and there are no discoverable side tunnels or catwalks to get you through. Add to the narrow latch point for stairs and ladders and you cannot get past your enemy you must get through them.Another issue i had was its controller support. It only uses the analogue stick and doesn't recognise movements that are even slightly diagonal which means if your finger slips just an inch out of place you will stop backpeddling away from a horde of enemies and instead get your stupid♥♥♥♥♥beaten to death. Aiming on controller is similarly awful. whilst the default shot placement of centre mass is normally fine you need to shoot armoured zombies in the head to finish them off which can be difficult and cost you precious ammo.That said, the resource management is well done. I never had so few resources that I felt it was unrealistic or unwinnable but I often had so few I was laways worrying about something. Should I risk exploring so I can find more food or meds? Should I try to take these zombies in hand to hand since my pistol is low on ammo,? Should I blow thrugh my ammo since my health is low? Its always a tense balancing match so there is often a lot of tension and strategy on the player end it just often feels like its forced due to contrivances in the level design.The story is well told. It's naturalistic. Exposition is minimal, as it should be. Everyone in the world knows what is going on and they all really -really- don't want to talk about it. However, one odd stylistic choice I noted though was that we never get to see what the player character says even though there are no voiced lines in game. We can usually infer what they said but it seems odd and can make the conversations seem disjointed before you figure out what's going on.Soundtrack is almost completely absent in this game, so I'd highly recomend playing with spotify on if you don't appreciate long silences.TL;DR. This is a game you think about more than a game you play."
,Recommended,435530,27009137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,StarGuy,"(NEW REVIEW) This is probably one of the greatest games i've played so far on steam. There is so much to this game that you just have to play it to experience it for yourself. The thing about The Final Station is that it leaves so much up for speculation and it's story is a bit faint i will admit because most of it is told through the environment and the people you interact with. It is very hard to do this on the train later on however since you have to take care of the train, passengers, AND look out for messages. Meanwhile the survivors you picked up tell a lot about whats going on in the world and most of the time at that point you are just getting a glimpse of what they're saying because you gotta make sure all of them don't DIE. I hope that the developers decide to make a sequel to further advance the story (or at least tell another that relates to the original) and show us what really is going on in this dying sci-fi earth we are placed in. All we can do now is think on what is happening and maybe (if they see or listen) the developers can add it to a future story. I HIGHLY recommend you play this game even if it is pretty short, it's gameplay, atmospheric music and pixelated scenery gives much beauty to the game overall! I know some hate on it because it's not worth and stuff like that, if you don't want to spend $15 on this game it's totally up to you, i think a good sale would sway your decision (at least thats what it did for me). I personally think it was worth the money even at $15 (i think i bought it for like $10) and if you do try this game out i hope you aren't disappointed! You can always watch someone on youtube play this game just to see a bit more gameplay to be sure if you want to buy it or not (i believe Jacksepticeye is doing a lets play of it). I've played this game like 4 times ever since i got it so i could go back and find/read things i missed as well (it helps squeeze out any info you might not have seen the first time around). Anyway i think thats enough rambling from me, long story short the game is great and i really hope that this helps you (somehow) decide to try out The Final Station. Another thing is don't let other people ruin it for you just because they say it's short or doesn't meet the requirements of a good game to them, it's about the EXPERIENCE you have throughout the game to the end (or at least that's what i think personally). :-) Thank you all for reading! :D  (also sorry if i missed anything bad or good about this game knowing me i probably did so feel free to criticize me and my horrible review skills lol)"
,Not Recommended,435530,33241795,Posted: 4 July,all,Who,"The gameplay is really fun. The atmosphere is great. Unfortunately the devs weren't so good at creating a plot that actually feels satisfying to complete, and feels like a copout by the devs. When you finish the game, you're just left with a feeling of ""why did I even bother doing any of this?""It's really fun before that though, just don't finish it."
76561198235800626,Recommended,435530,26482117,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dahbestcod,Just wished it was longer.
,Recommended,435530,25459406,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,blindcoder,"I have just finished this game and must say I enjoyed it for the most parts.Making my way through infected stations was by far more enjoyable than the train-micromanagement which is pretty easy and even ignoring your passengers has no real consequence in the game.Sometimes things happen in the story that totally surprised me and other times it was very predictable, but still solid for the part that you get told.The games weak part is certainly the things it does NOT tell you. The player does not get told a complete story but only parts of it with gaps large enough to drive a train through.The weakest part is certainly the very unfulfilling ending which feels kinda tacked on.Watch me play through the game if you like:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLV5ESRXYMGbRKEhqA8Jy45K7N9kCLKihB"
,Not Recommended,435530,25788201,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gomu GooNz,"Well first of all, this game is almost 20 bucks, and you can only play for 5 hours... The story is quite mysterious and interesting but we never get to understand things and the ending is MEH... :/When this was announced i though you will travel the world, with various destinations you could CHOOSE and go freely explore, gather supplies, survivors etc. you know more open. But it's straight linear (which is not a bad thing) so if you miss something or didn't explore all the areas, you miss it definitely, you can't go back.This game had so much potential. There's many thing that are useless, like upgrading your weapons. You can upgrade your guns only ONE TIME at ONE PLACE or even just the money. You can spend your money like 3-4 times in the whole game.This game did not get to my expectations and for that price it is not worth it for 5 hours of gameplay. Maybe get it in sale at like 75 - 90% off. It can be found for a few littles hours for 5$ or else, don't buy it at full price."
,Recommended,435530,27905944,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cowboydirtydan,"It's short, but I had a great time. Afterwards, I was left with what the game had told me, in its sometimes vague and sometimes shocking way of telling a story. I'll be thinking about it trying to decide what to think of the story for a while. Overall, don't get it if you want action, get it if you want to be immersed in its fantastic atmosphere and unique way of telling a story."
76561197980112965,Recommended,435530,26367614,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,edmi0002,Incredibly immersive for such simple graphics. I had apocalyptic dreams after my first couple hours. Wonderful experience. Gameplay is simple but enjoyable.
76561198116354622,Recommended,435530,26911441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,infinitedriver,"An enjoyable game. It feels more of a casual game, something you sit down and play for 20 or 30 minutes per session. It doesnt seem fully worth the full price, but $10 seems pretty dang reasonable to me."
,Recommended,435530,25260722,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Greindhardt Willdo,"For as short a game as it is, this game provides a story that you won't find just by walking up to a character and they'll tell you every little tiny thing about it. Not even they know what's fully going on. There are a few moments where the gameplay becomes infuriating, and some mysteries that I would like to know. Overall, great atmospheric game, just don't buy it to play for the next week or so, unless you do it a minute at a time."
,Recommended,435530,25376225,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ogma_,"Though this game was short, it was incredibly sweet. The story was very compelling and engaging, even though it was vague. You are a train conductor, delivering cargo (very important cargo), fighting zombies (?) along the way and though you may seem small, you are probably the most important person in the world.Gameplay is simple, but can also be challenging at times -- more than a few times, I found myself cursing under my breath after trying a particular area several times. You are given weapons, but in most cases I found it was totally safe to just punch your enemies to death (though shooting them makes it a whole lot easier in situations where you have enemies all around you). Speaking of guns, DONT WASTE BULLETS, YOU'LL REGRET IT.Music for The Final Station is very well done and fits the atmosphere very well. (Also devs, I see you with those clipping, BBNG and Rubik references, a very pleasant surprise.)Overall, The Final Station is a great game, and is, in my honest opinion, well worth the $17 CDN I payed for it. There is definitely replay value in this game if you're one for achievement hunting/completionism."
76561198065700053,Recommended,435530,25373389,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,iQuikScopedJFK,"(Game play roughly 8 hours, 15 hours idle)I got to play this game at PAX East in Boston this year. I couldnt wait for it to come out! So of course i jumped on it right away. Only a couple things i didnt enjoy.. Start to finish the game was 8 hours.. Didnt even explore the whole map... Game ended as soon as you got to explore deeper and got new weapons.. The story line was ehhhh 6/10..basically i enjoyed the game. just dont think it is worth the price."
,Recommended,435530,27637769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DJsquare3 (Nebula),"Its short, but what it dose it dose extreamly well. Level and sound design are both brilliant and I loved the visuals.However I will agree with others who say that the ending is indeed disapointing.That being said I still recomend it but you might want to try and get it on sale."
76561198010517512,Not Recommended,435530,27841802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Maztrim,"I was going to write a thorough review, but like The Final Station, I've decided to keep it short and abrupt.The Final Station is fun, but far too short. It's a very linear game, so replay value is low. I finished the game in one, 5.3 hour sitting. Even at the sale price of $9.89, it's not worth it. I've spent more time playing demos."
,Recommended,435530,31266122,Posted: 20 April,all,4th,"Really gripping story that is expertly written. It reminds me of the original Fallout games. The story itself carries the same sort of mystique as Horizon Zero Dawn.The gameplay, whilst basic is very skill based, you will find yourself having to reload to checkpoint sometimes but when you complete each section of the game you feel like you have earned it. That said, I am not great at 2d sidescrollers like this yet I was able to complete it.Great atmospheric music that sets the tone really appropriately and adds suspense where necessary. Each station you stop at within the game gives you a different tale about the world. Some are horrifying, some inspiring, and some are downright disturbing, but all of them help to paint a picture of the world you're exploring.The graphics will be hit or miss for most people but I absolutely love them. I often found myself admiring the changing backgrounds as the train powered onwards.Overall I believe that all aspects of the game jigsaw together really nicely and I feel it all leads to an excellent final product that the developers should be proud of. I would say it is absolutely worth 15 dollars. Going to the movies costs almost that much and this game will give you many more hours of enjoyment than a movie."
76561198115454189,Recommended,435530,27037913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cub28,"Loved everything but hated the ending. Want more, please..."
76561198077526097,Not Recommended,435530,25377900,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Schrodinger's Pantsu,"Get ready this is a long one but I try to explain exactly what I think is wrong with Final Station and also what's right... more wrong but, I still liked parts.First let me say the gameplay elements of this game are pretty good, I enjoy the exploration, combat, resource management aspects, and the levels are well designed, interesting to look at and walk through for the first time.The story while having a lot of potential unfortunately is incredibly confusing and feels incomplete, I'm a huge fan of Dark Souls Lore and the way it presents it to you through tidbits like item descriptions and small portions of NPC dialogue, I feel like Final Station is attempting something similar but falls a bit short in comparison.Without spoiling the ending all I will say is that even if you read every note, talk to every NPC and look at every extra tidbit of info in the game, you will still probably only understand 50% or less of the games story as a whole and the ending is left so insanely wide open as to exactly what's happening/happened it feels almost unfinished, some people might like this but to me it just feels lazy.Lastly, this game has pretty much zero replayability, I played through the entire game, literally talked to every NPC and examined every note or laptop or whatever I found AND explored to my knowledge 100% of every map (I'm guessing even if I missed some things I still probably explored and interacted with 99% of everything that is avaliable to interact with) and I still got the same ending as people who rushed the entire game not talking to anyone or looking at anything they didn't need to. On top of that even if you do talk to all the people and look at all the crap possible like I did it's still only about a 5 hour game, unless you suck and die a bunch in which case I could MAYBE see this game being 7 hours tops (I died I think 2-3 times total first playthrough). So anyway to re-cap, nothing you do changes the outcome of the games ending, once you've seen everything and talked to everybody that's it, nothing changes on other playthroughs, the games very short even on your first time, so yeah no replayability.Also I disliked what actually happens in the ending, and as far as I've seen and heard from other people there is no alternate ending which I think is total BS, unfortunately due to these shortcomings despite it's good gameplay mechanics and story that DOES have GREAT potential I'm going to have to not recommend this unless it drops in price, I'd say this is an $8 ($6 USD) game MAYBE $10 ($8 USD) at most not $17 ($15 USD).6/10 If they lower the price by 30% 7/10. This game needs an alternate ending that gives you more closure and story details that aren't either vague or confusing as ♥♥♥♥, if this gets added in a future update along with a lowered price probably 9/10 the last thing they would need to fix is the replayablility issue but I feel as for this game that is impossible to do, so yeah 9/10."
76561198045013981,Not Recommended,435530,25486769,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DarktemA,"Nice game, nice plot but short and confusing as hell.PLEASE, STOP READING IF YOU HAVEN'T FINISHED THE GAME!Can anyone explain me why such a crappy ending? The game promised a lot and BANG, dead and goodbye, no explanation, no story behind...I was goin to give a nice mark but no point. DLC for free required."
76561198191446734,Recommended,435530,25260113,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,andylutton,"It was a very intriguing game with detailed game play. Its very story driven so i dont recommend it for anyone looking for a ""free-roam type"" game"
76561198118014508,Not Recommended,435530,25590211,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,[KO]_knight_COMBATWA4LES,ok...ok first of all not worth the money second i had to sit in my chair for 20 straight minutes and think wtf just happened in that ending.... and i tell you if there is not a secret ending to this game then it is not worth the money at all. since this game came out and i played i have been monitoring youtube for a secret ending because i do not want to go through playing it over and over again to find it. everything is good but the ending is what killed it for me and not worth the money like why do they charge and game with a crap ending and 5 hours of game play for $15.
76561198037350808,Not Recommended,435530,34868680,Posted: 10 September,all,mccaffery.martin,"There is so little coherent exposition in the game that the story elements which do exist are pretty much meaningless. Fair enough to leave *some* points to the player's imagination/theories, but when more than half the game is only vaguely hinted at, I call serious laziness on the part of the developers."
76561197960445774,Not Recommended,435530,28567057,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spite Engine,"Decent gameplay but the story is hard to follow, since much of it is delivered by passengers whose speech bubbles will be obscured by train repair displays or disappear while you're fetching medkits or rations for them. Keeping 6 passengers alive at once while fixing the train and taking care of them will mean you pretty much get to learn nothing. Snippets that you can find in the game are mostly cryptic conspiracy hints. We get it, it's a dystopia. What's going on? Why is this happening? What the hell was up with that ending? Who knows? An okay game if you like the aesthetic, but in the end that's all it's really got going for it. You will be frustrated by the story."
,Recommended,435530,25367952,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MultiJohnen,"This game is one of the best indie games that i have ever played. It stands on the same level with such titans as ""Limbo"" and the recent ""Inside"".-Pros:+ An interesting post apocalyptic story with a plot twist in the end !!!+ Beautiful pixel graphics and game mechanics !!!+ It offers some challenge which is rare this days !!!+ Zombies...-Cons:- It does not have a level manager, so it is impossible to make your own levels, but who knows, maybe in the future this opportunity will exist !!!- You can not shoot upwords, but it is justified by the level design !!!- The music is not very impressive, but fits the situation in which our character is !!!-In my opinion this game deserves a 8/10-P.S. Russians are involved in the production of this game, so it is amazing, considering the russian gamedev this day and age !!!"
,Recommended,435530,31256536,Posted: 20 April,all,Bryoz,"Seriously enjoyed this game.Lovingly crafted, using a simple yet effective style. Poignant story and tense atmosphere, as you slowly piece together events from different perspectives. Scarcity of resources also encourages tactical gameplay element.Requires a lateral approach, rewards curiousity and thinking. Would recommend."
76561198025458779,Recommended,435530,31269331,Posted: 20 April,all,Mad Max,"Bottom line?Get it for $5 because it's worth about $5 BUT it will honestly be one of the best $5 you've spent. A fun game, great concepts that fell somewhat short and a story that truly side-winds you and is, at least for me, very interesting. I feel like you'll need to play this multiple times in order to get the full story because the way the story is told is much like games like Inside, albeit with far more dialogue."
76561198228118332,Not Recommended,435530,31342744,Posted: 24 April,all,herrliljekvist,"I've just played through this pixel-arted retro flirting kind of wonder. All in all its a beautiful, atmospheric survival & horror experience. The game lacks a few essential components though and it leaves me wanting more.I played through this game in about 4 hours. During theese hours i read every not, talked to every persona and explored every part of the game. Sure, its a bit short but it wouldnt really bother me if the story actually ended up tieing the knots together wich it didnt. It actually went more and more strange as time went by. The end, without spoiling anything left me with a sense of, confusion. It also made me feel that i really wanted more wich in itself is a good thing but it felt quite unsatisfied when the credits started to roll.I bought this game on sale, so it wasnt such a great cost for this game and that did help in itself. I would be frustrated though if i had bought it at the original price. So therefore i cannot recommend it unless its on sale.I have to be fair though, the developers seemed to have put a lot of love into this game and it really feels great to play. I liked the different levels, the story (at least at the beginning of the gameplay before it got confusing), scarring for resources was also a challange and the graphics really appealed to me. A big plus would be for the backgrounds wich in some parts are astonishing.So sum it all up. It was a smooth, fun and interesting playthrough but it left me wanting for more gameplay and more answers. I am intruiged at getting the expansion for it, so its not a bad game. Just a bit to short, to confusing at the end and to expensive at the original price wich is why i cannot recommend it without a sale. But if its on sale and you want a fun ride, pick it up and hop on the train, to The Final Station."
76561198209660981,Recommended,435530,26891965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Rigor Mortis,Twain on twain twacks... :)
76561198061520901,Recommended,435530,26971876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Padme's Baby Daddy,Amazeing game great fun. the price is a bit high for the shortness of the game. but overall enjoyable
,Recommended,435530,26977997,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Insert Username Here,Found this game after watching a youtuber play it and thought it looked epic and it turned out to be.  10/10
,Not Recommended,435530,33459208,Posted: 11 July,all,mediaflare,"READ FIRST!The game was actually pretty fun, and I enjoyed trying to understand what was going on around me.Problem being, once you got to the end, you found out they'll never explain it, the devs also don't have intentions of explaining anything and leaving it up to GameTheory style explanations.If you like THAT, then it's actually a decent game. beyond that, I reccommend waiting until it's on sale to check it out. Otherwise the game itself wasn't BAD, it was just lacking substance"
76561198040878939,Not Recommended,435530,33491475,Posted: 12 July,all,thegreatshepherd,This game is too simple mechanically to be interesting to play. You can do better for the same price.
76561197972733083,Not Recommended,435530,29150718,Posted: 9 January,all,Dr.Polsk,"Boring. The trailer got like 90% of the action embedded in the game, the rest is just farming resources you dont get to use.."
,Not Recommended,435530,33282528,Posted: 5 July,all,Scuvich,"I was looking forward to that game and was disapointed. It by no mean bad, just didn't meet my expectation. I finish it in 5 hours with very very little difficulty almos doing a perfect run (saving everyone) on the first try.Some game mechanic are never explained (like crafting), and there very few gun / enemy / game mechanic to explore.The story is ok at best and there is very little replay value.In sale, like for 5$, sure why not, otherwise, I would skip that one."
,Recommended,435530,32416490,Posted: 14 June,all,BeeMovieTheGame,"Most of my reveis aren't very... serious but this game was amazing. It doesn't TELL you much of the story besides ""munster are coming you got survive and save da people!"" That's what makes this game great. You have to infer what's going on. The gameplay is great it's got plat former elements aND shooter elements. You have to conserve your items, especially bullets. If you run out of bullets then you're dead. Then you have to help people to get to other stations. I loved the graphics and look. You don't even know own identity besides ""the train driver"". The combat is great and so is the story. The ending is mysterious but also satisfying and intriguing.Overall The Final Station is one of the best games I have ever played.I know that the creators probably won't read this, but if they do, thank you for a great game, story, and overall, an adventure like no other.P.S. hope there's a sequel.10/10 would write a serious reveiw again"
,Recommended,435530,27690689,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marvalgen,Just wow. The story hiden in this game was amazing. The game kept calling me back to finish it. Love the hint of survival and 8 bit sidescroller style. Worth every penny.
76561197987002408,Not Recommended,435530,29542741,Posted: 28 January,all,gnumulen,This is a hard one for me to rate.PROThe atmosphere is cool and it pretty funCONIn the end it's to limited and too shortThe end made the survival bit feel unnecessary
,Not Recommended,435530,32793545,Posted: 25 June,all,HalfMoon95,"The game is actually really fun as a 2D survival game, the problem is it's so basic and too short. For a game about managing survivors, scavenging for food, ammo, and meds, it is incredibly lacking. In terms of sidescrolling combat, it's fun but too basic to be invigorating. The story is cool enough, but very hard to piece together because you can never hear the conversations on the train because you'll be too busy running around maintaining the train. And finally, it's just too short. The map has 30 or so stations visible, but you only end up visting 10. The game is fun, and I bought it on sale, but it wasn't worth it. I recommend watching someone play it on YouTube."
76561198002922641,Recommended,435530,25314091,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,bondo,This is a great example of good story telling in a game. However the ammount of time to finish the game is really not worth the price tag. If you are willing to dish out 15$ for 5-7 hours of gameplay and enjoy a good story then grab it.***This game offers no replay value***Overall I would recommend this game but at a cheaper cost
,Recommended,435530,25272921,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,℧ Nescient,"Fun, but too short.8.5/10"
76561197987876592,Not Recommended,435530,25373103,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Miksus,"The game is really good, but this is not worth 15 euro. It is game for one time and i ended it in 4 hours with no hurry.levels at the stations were pretty good but... I really like to know the plot and story, but in train episodes i can't fallow it. When i run to take aid kit, food or to fix broken parts i lose dialogues. Also I had a great dilemma when i can stop train but dialogues still goes. I wanted to know what they say, but i also want to complete the task and save all people.. every second decides about life and death.It was disappointing.Like i said. It is good game, but i can't recommend it."
76561198034304591,Recommended,435530,26610963,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,nikcha1313,"True SciFi in Strugatsky style. It feels short, but it tells story in details (diologs, newspapers, signs). Gameplay is good enough to keep playing. Thou, it is not zombie apocalipsis, so do not wait for hords slaying."
,Recommended,435530,25919123,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Xavier the Quilava,"There are currently 33 stations, and it stops at 23th station? I'm fine with the gameplay actually.Updating the game with more contents would help this game worth in my opinion."
76561198076143234,Recommended,435530,31260598,Posted: 20 April,all,Wuffles,"Quite intriguing story and haven't finished yet. I bought this thinking it'd just be a survive till end, no real plot like War of Mine (Good game also), so I was pleasently surprised to see story and character developments, as small as they may seem.Could have had enemy sounds though, would make fighting them more fun."
76561197962245625,Not Recommended,435530,34602492,Posted: 30 August,all,PortableBacon,"This game contains another one of those pompous ""stories"" where they reveal f-all hoping to come off as sophisticated and grandiose. Except that only works when you actually care about the story and the characters, neither of which this game gives any reason for you to do so. Top it off with jank gameplay and tedious upkeep mechanics and this game fails harder than the dysfunctional government it depicts."
76561197970615726,Recommended,435530,25291290,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SouskeSagura,A strange survival exploration game with an excellent story very atmospheric
76561198092721887,Recommended,435530,27919855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Silverfang2,"A very Headphone Enjoyable game, immersive with  a mysterious story I look foreward to seeing more from you guys!"
76561198044869560,Not Recommended,435530,26259581,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hugh Janus,"WAAAAY too easy. You can go the whole game without every having to use a medkit. Respawning doesnt have any negative imact besides having to go back for a little bit. I loved exploring the map. The story is mainly told through your environment and the conversations of the passengers, but if you leave the passenger room then the conversation bubble goes away, which becomes annoying since you need to go back and forth to heal and feed passengers, meaning you missed vital parts of the story. After finishing it the story wasnt very clear at all (could be due to not being able to read the conversation) and it felt repetitve going to each city grabbing the code at every stop. Although the story seems like it could be very interesting, the gameplay itself feels as though its missing something. Only one part of the train ever really becomes defective, making the train part of the story pretty boring, and there isn't much room for replayabiltiy, unless you want to try and figure out the story again. If you really are interested grab the game on sale for like $5."
76561197960487331,Recommended,435530,25466878,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Oppai Maou-Sama,"It's pretty alright. Neat little indie game with some strange, interesting visuals and a fun story. Lots of cool little twists and turns and self contained dead-end storylines, I liked it a lot. Enemy placement can sometimes be a bit annoying, but once you get used to how they work they're not really that threatening.The train maintenance gimmick minigames are mildly annoying sometimes (you have to leave the passenger compartment for some of them, meaning passenger dialogue stops until you get back), but they can also be safely ignored for like three quarters of every journey, so."
76561197971750948,Recommended,435530,25260356,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,cymaster007,"The vibe from this game reminds me of the old side-scrolling game ""flashback"" if anyone remembers that. It is unique with its retro feel and the conversations you have with the characters around the towns. There is a lot of room for add-ons or expansion packs that would unlock different weapons, story lines, and creatures. It would be fun to see a multiplayer/co-op or protect the VIP kind of mod.Great game so far- I look forward to any additional releases as this current foundation is addictive and has tons of potential."
,Not Recommended,435530,32994352,Posted: 29 June,all,Photon,repetitive
76561198034935991,Recommended,435530,25595178,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"Wow what a great little game. Dark story and atmosphere, difficulty just right (could've been more difficult, actually) and nice pixelart graphics.I just wish it were longer, it took me 5 hours to finish and there wasn't any new gameplay elements in the long run.Catch it in a sale, it's kinda expensive considering it's a short game. 8/10"
76561198155071592,Recommended,435530,28998289,Posted: 3 January,all,SpydiniMasta,If you enjoyed playing Lone Survivor then  you will enjoy this.  I guess it can be classified as an on-rails shooter.  Bad pun intended
,Recommended,435530,29344773,Posted: 18 January,all,toffeecat,"It took only five hours. but these were really pleasant five hours. Most of all I was charmed by the cyberpunk world. To be honest, I liked peaceful story-related stations even more than fight-related. Landscape views form the train are really impressive, and I also would like to read the dialogues between NPCs in the train, but I was constantly distracted by food, medkits and ventilation and other stuff. That was a bit annoying.What else. Music and art are great! Breaking glass and hitting monsters gave me a lot of satisfaction. I would definitely buy another game with similar art style, music and general atmosphere. Спасибо за клевую игру!"
76561198000711728,Recommended,435530,25254895,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Knight Guy,"A short little narrative game about the end of the world, thru the eyes of a train conductor.  Simple linear gameplay, with an interesting little story.  You spend your whole time either managing mood and needs on the train, picking up snippets of story from the passengers, or exploring stops to get supplies."
,Recommended,435530,25258648,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Recoon,nice train interupting someone invading privacy simulator69/1
,Not Recommended,435530,25275380,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Magnus,"I had high hopes for this game. After  the glory of Kingdom: New Lands, I was all fired up for more pixel art indie goodness but this game is a heartbreaking dumpster fire. The story is the most convoluted trash I have seen this side of a David Lynch inspired anime series. Utterly incomprehensible.The combat had me switching between controller and K&M to try to get an edge, all the while yelling F this S of a game at more regular intervals than I would like.Almost nothing bad that happened to me during my TWICE playthrough of this game was the fault of my actions, which vexed me to no end. Either the mechanics ♥♥♥♥ed me or the bugs did, either way I have a sore throat from yelling at my monitor.Also, spoiler alert...The ending is some of the weakest, poo-your-own-bed storytelling I HAVE EVER SEEN.This should have been procedurally generated. The story is a hot mess and would have been better written by an algorithm.Boo. Hiss. Sad Panda."
76561198039332062,Recommended,435530,25279459,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,jipper123,"wounderful game, not the most complex would love to see this game expanded on."
,Recommended,435530,34156206,Posted: 10 August,all,Jack Denkin,"I was expecting a zombie survival by train, but it's ok in regards to what it features and the story."
,Not Recommended,435530,34528477,Posted: 27 August,all,CamSandwich,"Most of the game is fine, I just can't help feeling like I missed something major along the way with last segment. And I get that because we can't hear the protagonist it makes it so we have to pay more attention to what people say back to him, but there was too much missing, too much important story that you just have to guess at."
,Recommended,435530,25259566,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,superalarming,"I'm going to try to keep my review short and sweet.Something that's both a pro and con is that you don't quite know what is going on, yet you can put pieces together to get an idea.The plot is there, but during some points it is kind of in the background.Something that I'm also wery on is the price, it's very close to being over-priced; yet not quite. I would say, looking through reviews and such (along with how long it took me), you will get around 5-6 hours of semi-repetitive gameplay. The art style is very nice as well.I know I am writing this a bit choppy, but I'm trying to just trying to get infromation to you without a bunch of un-nessissary words.Back to the plot, although it is in the background it is still very goodWould I reccomend this, yes."
,Recommended,435530,25256306,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bolcsi,So far worth every penny I payed for it and every day I waited for it! :)
,Recommended,435530,33193246,Posted: 3 July,all,Dozenbeer,"Surprisingly intense gameplay and a really good plot. This is definitely a must play game.Pros:+ the atmosphere is so good in this game, I loved it+ the pixel artstyle is beautiful+ so much detail in leveldesign+ one of the only games where I actually like reading notes+ its not always super intense fighting, there are quiet moments that are really good in terms of pacing+ the soundtrack works so good with the visuals, just beautiful+ every encounter with an enemy is intense, there will be lots of moments where you will hold your breath+ the story is fantastic and is told through subtle hints here and there+ there are great sub-plots of different people which are also cool to discover+ multiple weapons+ ammo is scarce, but not to a super frustrating extend, loved the balance of the gameplay+ you really have to think about clever ways to advance+ riding the train lets you manage people that you picked up, it switches to a resource management mini game+ food, medkits are mostly for your passengers, keep em fed and healed until you arrive your destiny+ ingenius method of blocking the train on each station, where you have to find a note with the code to unblock the train, this makes searching for loot and the note very intense and fun+ the level around you tells you the story, you can find a note like ""been gone for firewood"" and then find somewhere a dead body near some logs with several zombies, I just loved that, really tickles your imagination+ controls are awesome, very fluent+ very polished game, had no issues or bugs whatsoever+ the game saves automatically on each train station, dying lets you do the stage again or from a checkpoint throughout the level, you can also restart the whole level+ completed it in 5 hours, which I think is a very good lenght for this game+ it just never got boring, theres always something new on your journeyCons:- the game is very linear, meaning once you die, you know exactly what to do next- its way too hard to follow the story, very confusing at times with all the name dropping- survivors talk during the train ride and mention story bits, but its almost impossible to read, because you have to do all this maintenanceI so whish this would have been a rogue-like. I wanted more immediately after finishing it, how amazing this would have been, when randomly generated in an endless mode. But nonetheless, The Final Station is a fantastic game, love it so much. Definitely recommend buying it."
,Recommended,435530,25381061,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ramona Flowers,"- Very simplistic, yet fun and addicting gameplay. You will want to open more doors, to explore and see what's next.- The game puts up a great mood, with it's mysterious story, cool soundtrack and beautiful artwork.- Sadly, it's VERY SHORT and there's no replayability. Because of that, I would only recommend to buy it at a sale."
,Recommended,435530,25403521,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Swibs,"Played more than 2.1 hours, I think that travelling and/or playing offline might be messing with my play counter?I don't review games very often, but wanted to throw in a positive review in order to counter all the negative ones which almost prevented my from getting this game. The reviews are correct for the most part that the actual gameplay, while fun to learn, is not very deep and pretty easy to master. The checkpoints are also very forgiving.There are annoying maintenance tasks on the train that at first make you scramble, potentially missing out on the dialogue of the passengers and rushing to craft items and receive texts from other operators, but you will quickly discover that the maintenance can be left alone for a while until your train lights go out, and then it takes almost no time to get everything back up and running. To me, this mechanic was introduced to kill time in between stations.When you hit the stations you will encounter all sorts of towns that are (in my opinion) beautiful and deeply immersive, and uncover a story that is dark, hopeful, intriguing and pretty weird. The devs did a great job in creating this world and their work on the details should not go unnoticed.The game is pretty short, taking about 6-10 hours to complete depending on how many times you die and how much time to invest to absorbing all of the details. Considering the large number of AAA cookie-cutter sequels that sell for 4x as much and offer a campaign with comparable playing hours that requires a spaceship to run (I'm travelling and played this just fine on my laptop) I truly feel that this was $15 USD well spent and have gone on to recommend this to my friends.To those on the fence about getting this game, I would think about whether gameplay and grinding is more important than immersion and atmosphere. If it's the latter, I think that this game is for you.Regards,--Swibs"
,Not Recommended,435530,25361345,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Oxide206,"I am bummed about this game as I followed its development for months. Overall I rate it a ""meh.""It has a shallow depth to the game unfortunately. Hardly any upgrades, repetitive enemies, repetitive game extenders (the train always does the same animation in and out of the station with no way to skip it), and when you're on your train you only get to follow the conversation people are having if you're in the same car.The gameplay was also unfortunately very repetitive.A few pros are:-The art style is gorgeous-I was actually really into the story-The people talking to eachother all have genuinely interesting/tense conversations.If its on sale, go for it but the repeptitive gameplay makes me not want to pay $15 for it."
76561198022223005,Recommended,435530,26489229,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Raaka,"Interesting story and I liked the management viewpoint but the ending sucks. I mean why (won't spoil, see for youself)? I guess they ran out of ideas, money or just plain determination.Still. Worth a try."
76561198100018241,Recommended,435530,26494428,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dormint Blue,"The Final station. I got it on sale, and I would suggest this game only when it's on sale for $10 or less. It's a great game, but I beat it in a matter of 4ish hours.However, I enjoy this kind of game. Short, but that just means that whatever they made they made amazing. The game was pretty great and nail biting.However the train sections before the levels left something to be desired. It's just a bunch of mini games while trying to keep feed and not dying. I never really saw the point. I was kinda hoping that at least multiple systems would go down as well as monsters attacking the train. But that never did happen.However, The story, the game mechanics, and the level designs all left me satisfied."
76561198041038407,Not Recommended,435530,25374255,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,The LargeMen,"One of the most weak storylines I've ever had the misfortune of stumbling through. From tedious micro-management, to dissapearing text boxes. The Final station barely manages to give an enjoyable 4 hour expierence. Do your wallet a favour and get something else.P.S There is no ending. Only disapointment"
76561198086398413,Not Recommended,435530,25320478,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,shaneomac88,"Game is awesome.....for about one sesion of play, because that is liturally all i had to be plesed about. Are you seriously trying to tell me i paid what amount, for a 5 hour game that had a patheticly short amount of game play and a super stupid ending. the game felt rushed and like the dev's ran out of logical idea's to use in such a simple platforming engine to rap up. no new game plus, no new charecter selection, NO NOTHING."
76561198027904750,Recommended,435530,25318907,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TheAnonymousOne,"This game is essentially the entire history of East European Science Fiction compressed into a five hour experience. Never have I simultaneously felt so accomplished while realizing almost everything I did was pointless. It's an experience more than a game, and the game itself points this out multiple times, but the gameplay is gripping and tense regardless.In addition, the incredibly simple, yet refined gameplay allows you to immerse yourself perfectly in the characters, putting you in the shoes of a man stretching his meager resources as far as he possibly can while struggling to save his world.All in all, I recommend it as a must-play for fans of feeling accomplished even as everything you do crumbles to dust at a touch and you watch all you fought for erode under your feet."
,Not Recommended,435530,25350915,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ddemons,"Linear, boring gameplay.Plot seems interesting at first, but ultimately is convoluted and goes nowhere."
,Recommended,435530,25303213,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,✔,Don't listen to those mugs giving negative feedback. The game is great and atmospheric. Exactly what I want from an indie pixel-art survival. My expectations are fullfiled.
,Recommended,435530,25435506,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Choujeen,"Great road-game. Travel across the land, deliver passengers and cargo, watch the world as you know it comes to the end. The gameplay is moderately challenging, but the story is the true brilliant here."
,Recommended,435530,25462570,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,korefuji,"Game that includes micro management and monster survival mechanics which is an interesting combination I haven't experienced before. Game is perfect length at 6 hours long.You are a train operator on your way to a destination as you have been given orders. Not all is as it seems however. On the way you will meet some corrupt people, and survivors of the post-apocalytic desolation that has transpired. To succeed you will need to micromanage the health and hunger of the survivors while on your train, micro manage your supplies, as they are extremely limited, and micro manage the train itself so it doesn't overheat or pollute the passengers to death.The story has intrigue, mystery and twists. At several junctures you get to choose the dialogue which only results in different responses and doesn't affect the end game.Really enjoyable game, perfect length, and fun to boot. What more could you want?"
76561198148189614,Not Recommended,435530,25308310,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BarkySharky,"It was a fun game, but not worth the money, the ending was VERY poor, it explained nothing about the things that I wanted to actually know, the only thing you can do is the story, once that is done there isn't anything else accept replay it, do I liek this game, yes, do I recommend it for 15 euro? NO. It isn't big enough (only 3-4 hours max) to cost that much money, if it was 5-10 euro then I would recommend it (apart from teh ending) overall I give the graphics a 9/10, the gameplay 7/10 but the ending 2/10, so in my opinion just watch it on youtube and spend your 15 euro on something else, a game ruined by greddy devs, what a shame"
76561197970349788,Recommended,435530,25346661,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nosos,"Good story, good action, train riding a bit repetitive."
,Not Recommended,435530,26409792,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CreamyMemeyMeelo,"Such an amazing idea for a game, but it just doesn't last long enough."
,Recommended,435530,29145412,Posted: 9 January,all,Maxtimot,"What I expected: Organ Trail but with a train.What I got: Wonderful game with a really well written story, really immersive, the whole soundtrack (both the music and the sound effects) are really great, the gameplay manages to blend with the whole narrative perfectly, and also, kickass aesthetic; I feel like I'm playing through those pixel-art pictures people draw but that are not intended to be a game. Except this time it's a game, and a good one.The fighting system is kinda weird though, but turns out well balanced, I can falcon punch my way through most zombies but if more than three of them touch me I'm dead.Lastly, there's only a few cons I found in this game, like there's no choice to accept or not people wanting to join the train, they automatically join once you talk to them. Also, the dialogs during the trips are hard to catch since repairing stuff takes the whole screen, I think voice acting would have been more fitting, but I know that hiring actors and stuff cost money.The game is really nice overall, would buy."
,Recommended,435530,25390981,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,JFJ,"A great game. amazing atmosphere and tons of awesome artwork.pros:Combats good.Lore is there.Nice micromanaging.Good morality sequence.nothing but good things-----------------Cons:I feel rushed, and can't listen to conversations revealing lore.Having to work on the train and having to heal and feed people♥♥♥♥ing hungerI couldn't understand ANY of the lore. Period. I had to focus on the ♥♥♥♥ing train the whole time so I couldn't listen to people talking to me.I'm sad now....A hardcore 7/10. I would feel so much more emotion from this game if I COULD READ AND LISTEN TO THE STORY BUT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE ♥♥♥♥ING DEPRECIATION SYSTEM IS OVERLOADING AND IS GOING TO SUFFOCATE ALL OF US"
,Recommended,435530,25256885,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,cline ice,well i like it
76561198036475064,Not Recommended,435530,25276968,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TerroRick,"""Dull repetitive shooter with huge ammount of notes and other text windows, that represent a story."""
,Recommended,435530,25255520,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yuuji.Grisaia,"Cool game, transportation of people, time to give what they need and to take all and not safely, for which you get money or something stronger. Quite a lot of zombies and exciting music. I gave up their money to buy this game. I personally like anime Koutetsujou no Kabaneri"
76561197992593310,Recommended,435530,25280313,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Silver Morning,Very well made game. Looking forward to more of what this developer puts out.
76561197989143039,Not Recommended,435530,34664100,Posted: 1 September,all,timo_tahvanainen,"Disappointing game. Thought that I bought a roguelite and more hours as gameplay. Not very hard at all and the ending was just too weird and unsatisfactory.The first hour or two was good, but after that it degenerated rapidly. And then the end just came after just over three hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,435530,31296503,Posted: 22 April,all,外道詩人,"Not sure if I would recommend this, the story basis is fun but hints of story are too cryptic, game system is simple, the train mode do not have too much meaning."
76561198070380749,Not Recommended,435530,26043023,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jackierascal44,"THE ENDING IS BAD!!! AND TOO SAD! If you're looking for a decent strategy game with shooting, then ur in the right place. If you're hoping for a happy ending, WRONG AREA MAN!"
76561198197304071,Recommended,435530,25437964,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The White wolf,This Games Ending was so said when i was done i just sat there it is a grate game
76561198053151717,Recommended,435530,25262724,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gloade,Only negative thing i can find about the game is the lack of answers for the story and ending it's self
,Recommended,435530,26946385,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Terhazul,I like trains!
76561198097727971,Recommended,435530,25262419,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ClockSpin,"The Final Station is a game about trains and pain; this ain't plain and it entertains.In The Final Station, the player is a train conductor, delivering goods to different stations and cities during the second coming of an unknown disease. The conductor makes frequent stops to collect supplies and passcodes to progress the train along its route, all while finding survivors and fighting infected.When traveling from station to station, the player manages multiple aspects of the train - including helping passengers, crafting supplies, and maintaining the train. These segments of The Final Station are the weakest part of the game. Despite the apocalyptic circumstances, the passengers never help the conductor in maintaining the train, and they cannot help themselves if they need food or medicine. The player is left to constantly baby the passengers and the train at the same time. The multitasking is also problematic for those who are interested in the game's lore; keeping up with the passengers' conversations and other conductor's messages is extremely difficult. These segments never feel worthwhile, nor are they intuitive or fulfilling.The meat of the game comes at train stations and depots - at most of these locations, the player has to find a code to progress the train to the next area. The player traverses these locations alone and on-foot and, while a gun is on-hand, ammo tends to be limited. The conductor can use their fists, and while it is useful for basic mobs, they aren't as effective against bigger groups or specific mobs. Most situations feel tense and unpredictable, with varying enemy types and ambiguity. What's behind the door? Do I have enough ammo? Can I save a medkit for a passenger?With all this being said, stations are very linear, and there isn't as much freedom as there could be when approaching different challenges and scenarios. In addition, ladder-cheesing becomes a near-necessity in later levels, where there are several enemies that cannot be dealt with face-to-face. More weapon variety could have made combat more interesting - The Final Station only has a limited selection of guns. Different melee weapons would be a great addition to the title.The Final Station's charm comes from its aesthetics and lore. There are many environments that are vast and expansive - sometimes the scale of cities and other pieces of scenery make the conductor diminutive in contrast. The overall theme of the game is captivating, the atmosphere filled with tension and uneasiness, with notes and emails alluding to details of The Final Station's world. Despite this, however, the individual character development is nonexistent. There is very little attempt to give the conductor (or any other character) a backstory. The game ends with some confusion, and because there's no emotional attachment to anything, the conclusion is blunt and lackluster (there may be multiple endings, I am uncertain).The Final Station, while short, is a satisfying enough title for those who are looking for a immersive survival-horror title with a 'zombie' theme. This game may not be for those who are looking for a title with depth in its mechanics and gameplay - there may have been missed opportunities to make the title more complex, intricate and engaging. Don't expect to be attached to any of the characters."
,Recommended,435530,31247351,Posted: 19 April,all,Kiki162,Awesome story with my only complaint being the discussions on the train are easily missable due to the minigames required to keep the train running.Edit: An issue that has been fixed with the Only Traitor (atleast for Only Traitor segments) as the dialogue moves on when you press the action button.
,Recommended,435530,25262010,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,RuN,"I did not expect it to be the game that it is, and that is fine. The gameplay is solid, fun and sometimes tense, I love the music and while the game is short I think any longer and it would have outstayed its welcome.A cool take on survival horror but nothing groundbreaking, go in with no expectations and play it in one sitting, I think thats the best possible thing to do."
,Recommended,435530,31252237,Posted: 20 April,all,DragonFax,"Its not perfect, but Its got atmosphere, which is so hard to cultivate in a game. It gets hard fast. But the mix between keeping your people alive, and fighting zombies in different phases, keeps it interesting.Works great with the Steam Controller, just setup a custom configuration."
,Recommended,435530,25349236,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hero of Canton,"A fantastic side scroller, coupled with a very good story.Highly recommend"
,Recommended,435530,25339404,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,uiopy1,"Amazing pixel graphics, great sountrack, great level design, and a very myserious background story. Overall, a brilliant game with a wonderfull twist ending. No spoilers, play it for yourself >;)"
,Recommended,435530,26510945,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,UselessVempt,"""One of the best Indie games of 2016""-PaperNoteMLGThough a rather short game, it's one of the best games I've played. A sad ending, but a thrilling hunt against infected.You could probably play through quickly and get your money back, if you really wanted to. But that would just ruin the experience."
,Recommended,435530,25338981,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ripper_1590,"Love this game, but it crashes everytime I get to a certain point."
76561198051361056,Recommended,435530,25466028,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,"""Dirty"" Rataca ""Enigma"" 100","Passanger died literally one second before i disembarked, found out all passangers disembarked at that station, missed out on a achivement. Bad devs, annoying game, dont deserve money refund plz."
76561198029781038,Not Recommended,435530,25349211,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,thomasvdv,Rather disappointing
,Recommended,435530,25471776,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LeQuack,"Short, but a great game."
76561198189591529,Recommended,435530,25472156,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr. Schmubbs,WOW. that was fun. I thouroughly enjoyed that adventure all together. sure there were some things i would change but i love this game none the less.
,Recommended,435530,25260377,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,maureen6703,"*overview : good game i really like it! ... it is really fun to play and it can get hard. but really repetitive*i really like this game im enjoying it so far. but i have to say each station is a bit repetitive, some of them are hard, but not too hard, it doesnt take long to beat. i find it repetitive because each station is different but the same if ya know what i mean... it has monsters u have to kill and stuff to find thats all. u find people and items and u kill monsters. then u go back to the train and there are some problems on that, which u have to fix(like u manage the train and its people. *dont get me wrong this game is really fun but it gets a bit repetitive...it just goes in a loop a lot of negative reveiws say that too so a lot of people hate that aspect but i dont really mind it*but a pro is the artwork its amazing ...*but still read it and comment if u disagree or just to tell me something*"
,Recommended,435530,25309785,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Catfood McFly,"This is a great game, I'm very much enjoying it. I don't usually buy stuff pre-release but something about this one sat well with me. I love the atmosphere and the pixel graphics. If I had but a single niggle, well - it's obvious English isn't the dev's first language and sometimes the somewhat odd way people in the game have of expressing themselves can be a little distracting. It's a minor thing, and far from serious but it's there.For a suggestion, I would like to see the ability to unlock an 'endless track' mode where levels are randomly generated so the ride can never end, but I understand that might be difficult to make work successfully.Anyway, great game and worth the money."
76561197986929226,Recommended,435530,25296936,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,lUCIFER2286,There are few games which give me the feeling of pushing through just based on atmopshere and story intrigue alone but thats just what this game did. I sat down and played it through till fin.gameplay mechanics are simple and easy to master and resource management wont feel too hard to manage if you completely survey every zone ( bound to find enuf stuff)the game is easy and yet that isnt eeven a problem i mean i died a few times but just thinking through how to manage fights is easy if u take ur time to plan ur attacks.story was intirguing i get some people will have issues with the dialogue being vauge and sometimes hard to keep up with ( especially when ur managing a freaking train and ppl inside it as well)  but the main gist of the story seem easy to grasp.A man on a journey across a nation by rail discovering the events that has transpired while being thrust dead center in the situation.this game is worth the wait i had from the trailers i loved the change in art and scenery all the while being meaniful to the story and destinations it takes you to.
76561198065993169,Recommended,435530,25581240,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mr. Orange,"Great indepth story, but very repetitive. It kind of sucks missing some of the on train chatter because of the running around you're forced to do."
76561198036437538,Not Recommended,435530,25263709,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zarrashi,"Ladders are a core part of the game, but are placed in a way that the monsters just get free hits on you. the only strategies that seemed to be viable feel like cheesing. you can kite the basic monsters with punches, and you can go up and down stairs holding a charged punch, one shot a guy, then retreat back up the stairs.death has no consequence, so it only makes combat feel tedious. the first train sequences are so basic a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkey could keep it running because despite having multiple modules, only one needs attention at any one time, rather than starting with one and introducing another to increase complexity and difficulty steadily. Things probably get better as the game progresses, but the pacing was so dull, and with the game being hindered by bad combat, I couldnt be bothered.this is the first game I've ever refunded on steam, and its a shame, becuase the aesthetic and atmosphere are so good."
76561198096878145,Not Recommended,435530,25435146,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dragontrav,"The story was interesting, but that's not enough. The description of the game made it sound like a survival game that you had to make choices and progress through the world. Unfortunately it just wasnt like that."
76561198100030190,Recommended,435530,25260254,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Soundguard,Great setting but I can't say it has any replay value.
,Recommended,435530,29149821,Posted: 9 January,all,Gop,extra sexy game that I love and stuff. buy it. buy it now.
,Not Recommended,435530,32810459,Posted: 26 June,all,Sentura,"It was ok. The game has a thick atmosphere which covers up a lot of its other faults well. That being said, those faults are still present and if the game was any longer they would definitely begin to be much more frustrating.The gameplay in this game is tedious and most of the time feels irrelevant. You aim awkwardly with the mouse (or even more awkwardly with a gamepad) and the movement controls don't feel well done. Certain spaces like ladders and stairs restrict your movement excessively which leads to annoying gameplay encounters in the levels. The combat paced between boring and frustrating, and rarely does it ever feel satisfying. Ultimately the game would have been better if combat was avoided entirely and the focus was on exploration, which is the strength of the game.I still don't understand what is going on with the story. The clues you get from passengers on the train or from memos found in the world don't really piece together what is really going on. There seems to be a lot of influence from ""Roadside Picnic"", yet we are never really shown anything out of the ordinary beyond zombies or ""dreams.""Ultimately these things aren't that bad considering the length of the game, but at the same time it feels like the game's length is also a detriment. It seems it is almost the wrong kind of game to tell this kind of story with, and that a top-down or isometric view along with some more interesting level design could have propelled this game to the top. Sadly, with the combat, controls and camera all working against the game's premise, the atmosphere can only do so much to lift it from a low score."
76561198108627726,Not Recommended,435530,25376320,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheAmericanKamikaze,"I can't reccomend this.Pros:Great visuals, the backgroud art is beautiful, the train rides are actually enjoyableInteresting enough levelsResponsive controlsCons:Gets redundant fastConfusing story. Seriously, I had to read the forum to understand it.Confusing dialogue. I believe this game was transated Into English. You only ever see 1 side of the conversations?SHORT game. for $15 I expect 1/4 of a $60 game. Not even close. Pre-reviewers got it in 3 hrs. Took me 9 hrs of taking my time, exploring and retrying to minimize health loss and max collection of items.Small weapon selection.Minimal train mechanics. FTL for trains this is NOT.Zero replayability.The dialogue is so vague and possible translated incorrectly as to be useless.This game has So Much Potential.-Expand train management mechanic-Give more weapons. 2 is not enough.-Add more levels, uniforms (Seriously, he collects them but, what they're all the same, why collect them?)-Clarify dialogue and storyListen, I spend $15 on a 2 hr movie ticket. This took me 9 hrs for the same price. I'm a casual gamer, might take 5 if you sat and plowed through it. If it wasn't for the terribly confusing ending, no replayability, or depth to the game itself, I think I would review it better but I can't, not right now.I loved this game for the 1st few hours. Then I just wanted to see the end, to justify my playtime and I was left wanting."
,Recommended,435530,25258556,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,IYB,10/10 would play again and again... Ending was confusing though...
,Recommended,435530,30800797,Posted: 28 March,all,Bonnie Kiwi,This game is one of my favourite PC games of recent times!Such beautiful art-work and well thoughout out mechanics! - Total blast to play!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoZO5zQnoSg
,Recommended,435530,25394255,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,d1g1t@l wisp,"Very deep and remarkably atmospheric game. The gameplay itself isn't that great or innovative, but I like simple concepts laid as foundations in this game.To understand the story even partially, you'll have to think hard and read/overhear everything.I didn't understand the story in full, but I have a half-life type feeling (where I felt it was sort of incomplete on purpose, too)Reminds the Lone Survivor story-wise: basically, you'll have to figure out the story on your own"
76561197994437785,Recommended,435530,25362971,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Micka,"Nice unpretentious game. I liked the vintage graphics and the atmosphere - it has a Heart of Darkness/Out of this World feel. It can be quite repetitive, but since the game is pretty short, I didn't get the chance to become bored. Hey it cost the price of a movie theater ticket, so I won't complain.The gameplay is pretty good, I enjoyed the mouse + keyboard combination, but the game is a bit too easy to my taste. It would have been more fun with less ammunitions available."
76561197967033235,Not Recommended,435530,26468737,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Archduke of South America,The game itself is fine. The mechanics are easy to grasp and don't have many hitches. The sound track is nice. The graphics are fine. The game is just so incredibly short though. I regret spending $15 on it when it only took a couple of hours to finish. The ending surprised me because I figured there was no way the game was already finished.I'd recommend this game if it was $3 but honestly can't see how $15 is remotely close to being worth it.
76561198025011066,Recommended,435530,26496097,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Spaghetti Skelengton,This game was AMAZING
76561198121740214,Recommended,435530,26486581,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DustyDust,"hum...the game is nice, but not fantasticsame goes for the music, nice but nothing to be hypethe game is short, can be finish in 4-5hrs on the first playthe second play is... just about punching everything, and so keeping a lot of ammothe main difficulties is having an azerty keyboard and being to lazy to pass it in qwerty.i did enjoy the game, so i recommend it, but better wait for a sale to get it (unless they update the game with new stuff or end-less mode)4/5 for an indi game"
,Recommended,435530,25360991,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,InsaneSushi,"A simple game, a simple objective, yet so much fun and intensity obtained by a 2D side-scroller. Released only yesterday on the 30th of August, it already obtained nearly 200 reviews which rate it ""Very Positive"" on the Steam Store page.At first glance The Final Station appears to be a more fast pace zombie killing side-scroller. However, right from the beginning you can tell this game is truly a more survival and story driven game. So, do not jump into this game hoping to get your fill of zombie killing action. Instead expect a very well crafted story, and solid gameplay mechanics.The objective of the game is to go from train station to train station in your trusty old locomotive gathering supplies such as health packs, food and ammunition, as well as survivors of the rapid zombie apocalypse.The dialogues between your passengers and people you see in the city are quite interesting. If interested, you could also find notes in various houses in the city which tell a little about the people who live/work there and give you an opportunity to speculate what may have happened to them. For example: I have found a laptop with a conversation open talking about a work colleague who spends a lot of time in the bathroom, once I entered the bathroom and opened all the stalls, one zombie actually popped out and surprised me.Overall this is a game definitely worth getting, but I advise you to wait for a sale as it is quite expensive ($14.99)"
,Recommended,435530,25380302,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,CS-,"The Final Station caught me by surprise, while it may seem simplistic on the surface this game more than makes up for it with an incredible sound track, amazing atmosphere and a storyline that will leave you unable to stop playing.The Final Station took me around 4 hours to complete inclusive of all achievements which were obvious and not at all hard to work out for yourself as you are playing. While four hours of total game play time might be a little off putting for some I would recommend you at least keep your eye on this title for future sales. The combat mechanics in the game were very simplistic and after learning how to deal with each enemy type most of the challenge is removed from the game and it becomes almost too easy. I got through the entire game without using a single med kit on myself or using the shotgun once. These two slight negatives should not put you off though.The Final Station gives you a feeling of not understanding or knowing the world around you while you make your way through the game that leaves you wanting more as you try to put together the small bits of information here and there. This is done in a manner rarely seen in games and movies alike, instead of feeling annoyed or cheated out, the information is given to you in a way that encourages you to empathise with the characters giving the information creating a world that you care about. This combined with the amazing atmosphere of dread as you try to learn your role within the world, helping as many people as you can along the way creates a phenomenal storyline for you to enjoy.The soundtrack for this title is incredible. I found myself at moments leaning back in my chair to close my eyes and enjoy the simplistic beauty of it. Throughout the game you cross multiple lands ranging from snowy mountain tops to lush green lowland meadows that allow you to enjoy the calm of riding in the train while listening to this amazing soundtrack.Overall I really enjoyed my time on The Final Station. While it may have been relatively easy and a short title, I could not pull myself away from the computer for long break at any stage and finished it within an evening. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,435530,25373647,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ravenzire,"I wanted to wait until I had finished the game to write a review for it. I've been watching the development of this for a while. From my first look it caught my attention. The art in it is beautiful. The use of foreground for transitions works perfectly. The soundtrack was wonderful, and haunting, and perfectly subtle. I've seen some reviews that say it doesn't have a story. I disagree. I thought the story was hauting, and moving. It pulled me in and made me ask questions, made me think. I wouldn't have changed a single thing about it, and I enjoyed searching out all the small story fragments hidden in the books on shelves and notes on the walls. This has been one of my favorite games I've played in a good while and I suggest you play it too."
,Recommended,435530,25367401,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bb_why QwQ,aye
76561198308623534,Recommended,435530,25332984,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,proemf02,"Hard and fun. The game is fantastic! The atmosphere, the characters, and the gunplay are all just great. There are some pretty tough situations in this game. Overall, one of the best games i've played in a while. Easily a 9.5 out of 10! I definitley recommend it. The only thing i dont like is that it can get can a little repetitive. But definitley worth the price!"
76561197970310555,Recommended,435530,25393577,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Loub,Enticing and fun. Won't be able to forget this one any time soon.
,Recommended,435530,25396422,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MrHedgehogs,I enjoyed the game and for the price its worth it
,Not Recommended,435530,25417335,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,08glloom,"As much as I would like to recommend this game. I cannot. There are many things I would like to go into detail on and explain what the game could improve upon, but I'm sure you've read it in other reviews. Lack of depth, short length, unsatisfactory, small variety, the list goes on. Worst of al is the ending and for those who have played and finished the game, IT IS SO NOT SATISFACTORY. All in all, the game is very linear and short. It would be a good game if the price was lower, but I wouldn't recommend the game for $15. I love the concept of the game and its potential, but it was not satisfactory.4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,435530,25417955,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ShadowRevan,"the story starts off very well but the game is very short , i liked the soundtrack but as its so short its not worth the £10.99 , i managed to complete it in 3 hours , there could be alot more in the levels and there is no jumping in the game and that made fights a little harder and you just couldnt seem to get away , its got a great idea but just doesnt seem to continue with it"
,Recommended,435530,26032667,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bbrodriges,Unbelievably beautiful
,Recommended,435530,26704205,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Navystatue8,This is the best game i've played by far. Weird but incredible storyline.
,Recommended,435530,31259949,Posted: 20 April,all,Merkins,"great game, kinda wish there better controls for the xbox controller"
76561198148087798,Recommended,435530,31266858,Posted: 20 April,all,Thandwiches,Great game. Truly beautiful in its simplicety. Dialauge is a little hard to follow but it has a lot going for it. Love this game.
76561197982853933,Recommended,435530,31284927,Posted: 21 April,all,JungleJollies[],"People are right to call this game half-finished, but I rather enjoyed it. The core mechanic & structure will become repetitive: you will wander through areas to find a code to unlock the next area... which will be the same. To add insult to injury, a bunch of the codes will be right under where you start; though a locked door willl force you to take the long way around.That said -- it's kinda beautiful and strange. It took me 3-4 hours to beat; and I didn't mind wandering through the dying world and its nightmares. It was odd, in kinda the same way ""Home"" was or ""Lone Survivor"" was."
76561198267255456,Recommended,435530,31286131,Posted: 21 April,all,BUNNINGS SNAGS,personally i like this game its pretty fun and some what challenging but i dont think it would be worth 14.99 purely because of how short the game is because i finished in about 3 hoursif you were gonna get this game wait for a sale or somthing
76561198023126789,Recommended,435530,31304036,Posted: 22 April,all,SlowMotn,"Very much enjoyed the game. Buy it without hesitation.What I Liked:The atmosphere and the mystery intrigued me. Well worth the money and although the game is relatively short it is fun and I beat it in 3 sittings, playing an hour or two at a time. The gme has three phases for each stage: alternating between dialogue, micromanaging a train between levels while keeping passangers alive, and exploration and combat. This pacing keeps things fresh and the pace is right on. New enemies and play mechanics are added gradually so you feel ready for what comes next.  Level design and enemy placement are varied. OST is great!I did not like: buggy controller support (played fine with keyboard and mouse) and glitches reading notesImprovments I'dl ike to see: Could be a little harder, but I did die enough and had to stragegize just enough to keep it challenging without being frustrating.  More sound effects would enhance the atmosphere of the game, and additional sounds for being hit by the enemies or getting low on health would help me know how I'm doing without having to look away from the action and focus on the HUD - even if it is just for a second. Dialogue on the train shoudl not overlap information or controls that I need to interact with in order to progress.???: Not sure why there were many keys that I aquired that no matter wht I did, did not end up getting used. Were there things that I missed?"
76561198116241783,Recommended,435530,31316284,Posted: 23 April,all,microb123,"Cracking little game, killed a few hours i couldnt put it down.."
76561198151614930,Recommended,435530,31260726,Posted: 20 April,all,LeFr3nch,"""Travel by train through a dying world. Look after your passengers, keep your train operational, and make sure you can always reach the next station. Make your way through swarms of infected at each station. Explore mysterious and abandoned stations looking for supplies and survivors"".So this game I have been eyeing for a while but due to the reviews of the game, I was hesitant on buying it at it's full price.there was a recent sale on the game, which placed it under $5 USD and I believe this is an absolutely fair price for this game. So far I have almost 3 hours of gaming and I have to say that at the beginning, you feel quite excited as the game itself is pretty fun as you learn the mechanics but unfortunately a lot of the game becomes a bit redundant after a while.PROS+ Fun pixel art+ 2D scroller/shooter+ It's on sale at this time of review (less than $5)+ It's a great way to kill time and not really need too much investmentCons- Maps are extremely linear, you don't get to choose where you go, you're guided by ""obstacles""- The train, when inside and between cities, as one commenter expressed, is built of ""minigames"" but they're pretty much redundant.- The survivors on the train don't really matter if they die, you'll just not receive the loot for getting them safely to destination- Weapons are limited (fists, gun, shotgun) plus very limited upgrades- enemies are limited as it is almost the same enemy everytime (Exploder, SWAT, Generic and the midget)- The maps between train rides are almost all the same and to a gamer it gets boring- when one dies, you respawn with all ammo/healthkits/weapons, so there is no real challenge- The plot so far is... confusing to say the leastin conclusion, the game is fun at the beginning but tends to lose it's appeal quite fast. I gave it a thumbs up because I bought it on discount and could afford to burn $5 USD on an indie game, but at full price, there is no chance in hell this game is worth the developer's/Steam asking price. Again, if you want a simple Indie side scroller shooter, I would recommend but only at a sub $5 purchase. I'm still enjoying the game after 3 hours, but the initial hour of gameplay was far better. Happy Gaming."
,Recommended,435530,31264367,Posted: 20 April,all,infek`sk,"game was alright, felt like it dragged on only slightly. somewhat monotonous on your train with doing the same ""maintenance"" every new trip/act. make sure you backpedal with pretty much every enemy except the ones that are on fire, you can kill every monster by backpedalling and meleeing without using ammo (or losing health), which can be sometime scarce. the story felt like it came to an abrupt end and the ending was a little predicatable.worth $10 at most, short game but it's a nice indie nevertheless."
76561197994031405,Recommended,435530,31296966,Posted: 22 April,all,Wraitteli,"I really like this game. It is simple yet satisfying experience.Story on this game  is great. It is given to the player multiple ways. Conversations with different characters, hints in the environment and items. Someone have truly create a world for this game you play.Combat system simple but give satisfaction and have variaty enough to keep you interested.Music and sound environments are superb. Fitting to the mood and landscape very well."
,Recommended,435530,31308124,Posted: 22 April,all,eric,"I was blown away by the art, atmosphere and overall excellent production on this game. The story is bizarre and clever with a forboding ""Half-Life 2 meets Silent Hill"" vibe running throuhout. This is not a game for everyone. It is an exploration-based action game with a management mini-game built in."
,Recommended,435530,31287809,Posted: 21 April,all,Goodbye,This is exactly what I wanted ! Highly recommend!
76561198183504789,Recommended,435530,31290139,Posted: 21 April,all,PortableBagels!,"This game is amazing. The ending is a thing that you need to find out your self. I would really recommend this game even if it's only about 2-3 hours long. I loved it and the background and everything I love everything about it. It is amazing, you can buy it if you want, your choice. :D :P"
76561197964400693,Recommended,435530,31313744,Posted: 23 April,all,Gen,very nice game. Nice ending
,Recommended,435530,31255734,Posted: 20 April,all,Mr. Misty-Eye,"*may contain a few spoilers, rating at the bottom*I was not expecting much from this game, but i found it very entertaining, i am usually into FPS games and action games but it was fun to play. I like how the game has different aspects to it, how you have to manage the energy levels on the train and they health of your passengers, but then also when you explore they city areas it felt like a completely different game, I really enjoyed playing this game and i would rate it a 8/10, simply because i kept getting swarmed by zombies, I either ran out of ammo and had nowhere to run, or i climbed down the ladder and there were 6 or 7 zombies waiting there for me, this game deffinatly has its ups and downs but i would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a well-made game that they can chill with for a bit.at the end of the day i really enjoyed it and would say that it is worth the money.RATING: 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,435530,31268496,Posted: 20 April,all,cocozuBR,"i would buy it for the story,even though the gameplay is good, the story is what kept ME most close to the game during the time i played, the decisions are easy,as you can see how much you receive for each passenger. As for the artstyle/sound direction, no words to describe the animations, or even the sound of footsteps in the snow(for as little as it sounds, it makes a difference), so this is my review,thanks for reading"
76561198150263121,Recommended,435530,31288243,Posted: 21 April,all,rk.2c2b,"best 2d point and shoot , horror, survival, game"
,Recommended,435530,31306705,Posted: 22 April,all,ethianstrickland23,"One word; Pacing. You play parts of the game with a songlike progression. Breaks from the intense, infested sections are a perfect balance between wanting to fight more, and relief that you won't have to. From train, to station, to city, gameplay is different but linked together buy a interesting mystery. I was alway happy to find out more about this world and what happened. I recomend a buy at any price!!"
,Recommended,435530,31308878,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr.Groovy,"The game is pretty good, not a masterpiece, but still pretty nice.The story goes on nicely, you have to pay attention to the info you gather around such as the passenger's dialogues, sometimes hard because you have to bring them food or medicine and fix the train's systems.The gameplay is simple and effective, save your bullets and find more effective ways to kill enemies by looking around the place, sometimes just run for it. The only complain i have is that you can't jump, the game is made so you don't have to need to jump but it kills my fun of stupidly jumping around the map.Overall I recommend for a short play and some spooky experience."
76561198024945022,Recommended,435530,31311074,Posted: 22 April,all,jacek,"All in all, it's an enjoyable 4-5 hour experience, so I recommend it despite some of it's flaws (lackluster ending, busywork on the train making it impossible to listen to NPC conversations)."
,Recommended,435530,31263978,Posted: 20 April,all,Kraft Punk,"Really enjoyable game. Has absolutely superb atmosphere - the sound design is genius and makes feel much more tense than it should. (this is because the fighting is not really that difficult if you plan ahead a little - do not expect a hardcore experience.) However, it's still a lot of fun - killing the enemies in creative ways is very satisfying.The story is great, but you're not told *anything* directly, only through NPCs, newspapers, etc. The game starts with the world going to hell around you, and only gets worse from there. As the game progresses, you learn more about what caused the crisis, as well as the mysterious intro - and how the government have been dealing with it.One feature I particularly liked is that often there are large underground sections to the maps, that don't appear until you explore them. This can mean that apparently-happy towns can have a darker side...Great game, great story, very nicely polished. Lots of fun, but not for the hardcore aspect. Hopefully the devs will eventually add a New Game+ mode or a hardcore difficulty, but even if not, I highly recommend it."
76561198092778590,Recommended,435530,31264921,Posted: 20 April,all,Loksmith,"Great game,  simple and fun with a story that makes you want to learn more know what is going on. Overrall really enjoyable experience though I wouldn't pay full price, the sale price made it worth it."
76561198005495793,Recommended,435530,31269609,Posted: 20 April,all,[Alpha]Sutterkane,"Guy, this is a great game indie experience, I mean that you really fell the story settings and every character found.You try to save all people reached, feeding and healing them, but it is not so easy, sometimes you will defeat to their doom.You have to find ammo, bandages and new weapon reaching all the buildings in every place that you visit... you have to dodge every ""zombie"" attack and try to kill them with every weapon, and when you are moving from a station to another one keep an eye on your train, it could be dangerous if there are any disruption...Anyway, this is a really amazing indie game, don't lose it!** review 1.0**"
76561198095807949,Recommended,435530,31303194,Posted: 22 April,all,Monk E,Play this game.
,Recommended,435530,25352019,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SashimiTrash,"great game 10/10, would die in the end again"
,Recommended,435530,30009808,Posted: 18 February,all,Flashist,"This is an awesome story-rich game, and the story is the part I liked most here.Please, don't expect from this game survival like in The War Of Mine or goue-like-random like in the FTL and you won't be upset. This game is unique, and even though it has some common features with the games I mentioned, it's a solid great game of itself."
76561198305553566,Recommended,435530,30044546,Posted: 19 February,all,Thunderblade_N,A.W.E.S.O.M.E game. A very touching story.I recomended this game to anyone who likes zombie games.It's worth the money! Just buy it.
,Recommended,435530,29902507,Posted: 13 February,all,Vulpes Omiroth,This game's formula was ready for more. The Final Station had so much to offer and a system that I found myself enjoying quite a bit. However my adventure into the world of The Final Station was tragically short as the game comes to a rather abrupt and unsatisfying end. The game's mechanics are engaging and left me wanting so much more. Sadly this game is more of a 2 hour short story rather than a full world ready for exploring.
76561198135450426,Recommended,435530,30172799,Posted: 25 February,all,T0XICTAC0,"Its a three hour long game but just buy it, you will enjoy its odd story."
76561198056983550,Recommended,435530,30128523,Posted: 23 February,all,Antoninator,"Amazing game!. Generates a very strong and special wibe, Really great artwork and style of the game. I've created a special bond to this game!"
,Recommended,435530,32873179,Posted: 27 June,all,Danger Dangle,Great story so far!
76561198195567047,Not Recommended,435530,32926529,Posted: 28 June,all,millena,The Final Stationpros:fun gunsfun zombiesfun rewardsfun missionscons:unfair and unexpected ending.
,Not Recommended,435530,33155713,Posted: 2 July,all,Captain Internet,Execution doesn't quite live up to the ambition.
,Recommended,435530,33209324,Posted: 3 July,all,Nolan the Nerd,The Final Station is fantastic. It provides a truely immersive experience that draws you in and stirs up your feelings by the end.I absolutely recommend this game. The gameplay itself is not complex. But the story is complex and engaging. 10/10
,Recommended,435530,28565718,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SebastianBastian,Doomsday feeling at its best!
,Recommended,435530,32618764,Posted: 21 June,all,SOGGYWONDERBREAD,awesome game nothing bad exept the game is flashing random colors all the time
,Recommended,435530,28159815,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Doom-Slayer,"Very strange game, but definitely worth playing. Amazing art style and amazing world."
76561198193019006,Not Recommended,435530,33690878,Posted: 21 July,all,Droxus,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ending Simulator 2017
,Recommended,435530,28302292,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,boomboompower,"Amazing 2D platformer, leaves you hooked at every corner."
,Recommended,435530,28349994,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kallon,"I enjoyed this one a lot, an interesting tale"
,Recommended,435530,25336098,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Karma,ALL ABOARD THE COLE TRAIN BABY YEEAAAAHHH
,Not Recommended,435530,31481677,Posted: 1 May,all,blackmiaool,Totally a boring game. I can't see anything interesting in first 78mins.
76561198355095415,Recommended,435530,32959385,Posted: 28 June,all,Martys Bro,Best game i have ever played 10/10 everyone wil love it!!
,Recommended,435530,29050714,Posted: 5 January,all,Lethal Devotion,Not worth the 15 bucks but it is a pretty decent game. Alot more could have been done with the story to really make this a memorable game. Gameplay is fun and engaging but the snipets on the train just felt tedious and actually take away from the story.
,Recommended,435530,29036386,Posted: 5 January,all,Turbosipuli,...the f**k?
76561198131346315,Recommended,435530,33242703,Posted: 4 July,all,BombMarley114,"Well where do i start.... I will also continue playing this more later on since i just found out that there was hiden achievments, maybe some of those involve stuff that i will talk about after pros and cons. This game isnt exaclty what i thought i would get. sure i couldve looked up videos on it but id rather go into it blank.THIS GAM ISNT EXACLTY A SURVIVAL GAME, IF YOU THOUGHT YOU WOULD ACTUALLY RUN YOUR OWN TRAIN AND SAVE PEOPLE AND PRETTY MUCH DO WHAT YOU LIKED, NOPE. GOOD STORY THOUGH.PROS:-Great game, simple and easy-A good 4 hours gameplay-Mystery is in pretty much all the levels-Weopon upgrades and shops here and there-Story is simple with not much explination leaving you wondering about this and that, i think it adds to the game rather than make it too plain. The story dosent completely leave it up to you, there is stuff going on that youll find out but again, it makes you wait to find out or leave it up to you to put it together. (i was kinda lost on which character was which but thats just really me and hoow horrible i am with keeping track of names).-A fair variety of infected. I think if it had a few more it woul kina ruin it becuase then they would just get anoyying. Each infected has its own way of attacking or special trait, so having more would just colpicate things.CONS:- Very close to ""needs more content""-The (4)hours i played this for were fun and full of mystery but i didnt like having to walk all the way back after i find the code to be able to leave the station. maybe the levels could use a btter design like making the player to loop around rather than just go through it and half to walk all the way back with nothing to do.- Im kinda lost on some lettering here and there, youll fine some civilian related buidlings with sings in russian or japanese, i think. I could easily translate it but i kinda dont get why you have multiple languages, maybe becuase of the area but it should make it more clear.Notes or whatever you would call this (spoilers but not any involving story):- I think dead lootable bodies could have more variety becuase i belive there is only like two difftrent kinds. Even some office workers look the same. it would be as simple as just changing a shirt color or something.- In one level you find a building and it has this crazy robot spier looking thing, it has a moving animation but its looped. you cant really find much about it other than notes and stuff of people asking the dude like what was he building with all these parts. Maybe when you walk back it isnt there, or maybe it recognizes the player and tracks it like simply mmoving a leg twords the player, idk. i just feel like you coudlve done more with that.- Give me more lore lol. I need answers.- maybe add to the background, you know like maybe some stuff on fire or infectedin the distance, some mechancial stuff moving here and there, dripping for infected areas, etc. just add a little more detail.- Please give us speach bubbles or something, like subtitles locked somewhere on youre screen while attending the train. its difficult to nose into your passengers conversation when you constantly have to move around and the speech bubbles are on them so you kinda only get half of what they are talking about."
,Recommended,435530,28019348,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Von Overkill,"The Final Station is functionally a visual novel; if you're looking for an action-platformer, stay away.Really, really great art/sound design & story, but lacks the depth or replay value to be worth $15. Probably not quite worth $10."
76561198158407003,Recommended,435530,27828827,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fi3ryMadness,love the graphics and soundtrack in this game <3 gameplay is good but play time is a bit on the short side :/
,Recommended,435530,28090280,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,QuillGuard,Really good!10/10
,Recommended,435530,28538243,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Nny,Fun little survival game.  Well crafted and easy to play despite being pretty tense at times.
,Recommended,435530,27860579,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D.Wilson,This game has been a good time so far.  I'm only 3 hours into it at present.
76561198014387376,Recommended,435530,28067288,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mieabby,One of those games that run perfectly on Linux. Not saying that I liked the game though.
,Recommended,435530,29472272,Posted: 24 January,all,Vinificanus / Lord of Bad Wine,Great atmosphere and crafting done just right
76561198298491950,Recommended,435530,29293354,Posted: 16 January,all,invalidblackout,"Great game, great atmosphere, a bit short but it makes it up by the way it feels."
76561198070246019,Recommended,435530,25455695,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Longshot-FreeRun,"This was a very fun game to play, was very happy with the way it worked but that ending SOOOO messed with me hard. Worth playing through to %100 percent it too!"
,Not Recommended,435530,34898996,Posted: 12 September,all,julym☼rning,"i cant play the game, when i start a new game all i get is a black screen (i can hear the sounds though), never ive had experienced such a problem in any games i've played on Steam"
76561198001360819,Recommended,435530,29348397,Posted: 18 January,all,S P O O K Y,"A pretty atmospheric and surprisingly tense level based survival game. It balances out exposition in segments of light (extremely light) puzzle solving while riding the train, with levels where you explore and shoot (or not) your way through creepy decrepit towns and buildings full of ""not-zombies."" These levels net you food and materials to heal yourself and your passengers, as well as money.  Don't let the pixel aesthetic make you think its ♥♥♥♥♥♥, its a surprisingly good looking game, and for the price its a solid buy."
,Recommended,435530,29311626,Posted: 16 January,all,Meta³,"Well, ♥♥♥♥. I wasn't expecting this to be that good, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it went WAY beyond my expectations. It's a touch expensive for the length of the game though, so buy it on sale.Buy do buy it.9/10 IGN"
76561197994106088,Recommended,435530,29400907,Posted: 21 January,all,hamooding,Beautiful but short game that condenses so much story and atmosphere in simple conversations and amazing background art. Gameplay was very fun and every door you kick down and every note you pass by tell you a little about whats going on.Highly recommended.
76561198082705617,Recommended,435530,32143078,Posted: 2 June,all,Ash Dilan,"The Final Stationis a side view Horror Survival game thats more story based and has pixel graphics. In it, you play as a train conducter transporting cargo though cities. At each stop, the train get hooked on a machine. You will need to explore the city to get the code to un-hook the train. However, the cities are filled with infected people. This people are pitch black and have to white dots for eyes. In the cities, you can find humans that you can take back to your train. You will then need to keep them alive untill you get to the next shelter. At the shelters, you can buy and sell items as well as get rewards for the people you saved.I honestly can't think of much wrong with the game. It can be hard and really eerie, but thats what makes it fun.The only thing I don't like about it are some of the humans you find in the cities. Manly the ones with a bandage one thier head. This guys are bleeding all the way to the shealter. Because of that, you need to use a bunch of medkits on them, leaving few for them. I will say that you do not of to take these guys to the shealter, but you'll lose the reward if you don't.I have found a lot of good things about the game. The soundtrack is really good and so is the art. Also, the story in very intriguing. I will say ""this will be the last city for tonight"" but always find myself go to the next city, and then the next one. There is also a varity of infected and each with their own strategy to kill them. The game also supports a controller if you would want to use that instead of the keyboard.The Final Stationhas great gameplay, art, music, ect. The game is a really cool game and one of the best indies on steam. And at only $15, you should buy it."
,Recommended,435530,31692446,Posted: 11 May,all,Voxelbuffer,Picked up a toilet and threw it a midget.10/10
,Recommended,435530,34227672,Posted: 13 August,all,BlueDagger,"I started this game not knowin what to expect. Simply put, it's beautiful. The music, the environements, the story, etc... all beautiful. If you come in expecting a long action packed zombie shooter, then you will be disappointed (the negative reviewers here). If you go in expecting to unravel a story that doesn't spoon feed you the whole plot you will be more than happy.Absolutely loved it."
,Recommended,435530,34229142,Posted: 13 August,all,aidan3205,Amazing game... hard to keep track of the talking on the train.  Still.  Probably one of my fav games on PC
76561198085148811,Recommended,435530,32978765,Posted: 29 June,all,Death the kid,multi player please?
76561198114464005,Not Recommended,435530,31341682,Posted: 24 April,all,Holy,Zero replay value and the game only takes max 3 hours to complete. Not worth! No custimataztion of train or anything
,Recommended,435530,25275788,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bairdo,"So far I am extremely impressed with this game. I love the feeling of dread and the design of everything. Quite good, but yes can be repetitive. Nonetheless, loving it."
,Recommended,435530,25363952,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mr.RoBoT,"I enjoyed playing this game, but I wish it lasted longer."
76561198276018763,Recommended,435530,25261799,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,tree3211,I like the gameplay but also the art style too.
76561198159081912,Recommended,435530,26038666,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jin12369,"One sentence to sum it up: What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just see as an ending.Now for the actual review:The game itself is great, fun aspects and an interesting storyline you get to learn on the way.It's worth soaking up a few hours playing the 'game' part, but that ending.Just when it gets to you that this is it, it's the part where all your hard work keeping those damn hungry and bleeding passengers that keep wasting your damn reasources comes to an end for the big reward, that this is the ending, it hits you. Hard up the♥♥♥♥♥ With a ♥♥♥♥ing, most damn lazy ending ever.Something worth buying if it's on a sale, but with the full price, the ending ruins it all."
,Recommended,435530,26045546,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TotalPleb,"Solid game.Combat mechanics are interesting, though restricting. At range, you can fire in a cone that covers all areas bar directly above and about 30% of the space below you, this is only an issue when you are above an enemy, but it comes up a lot, so it deserves a mention.[Minor spoilers][No plot]Truly, this game has only two threats; the faster moving creatures, and the flaming creature. The faster ones often hide behind doors and will rush you as you open it, causing damage whilst you back up to begin: A) Firing at it, and wasting ammo or B) beating it into submission with the butt of your gun.  As for the Flaming ones... They explode oddly enough, doing the most damage to the player in one hit of anything else in the game, this is only a threat when paired with one thing, however, because all enemies in this game can be kited.Ropes. Or ladders on the side, whatever. They are the only TRUE threat in this game, backing into one will cause you to climb onto it, resulting in you promptly being beated to death. They also prevent you from firing or charging your weapon bash whilst you climb them. It sucks, but hey, it's literally the only bad thing about this game.[/end spoilers]Overall, this game has many interesting moments, the plot is highly interesting, though, somewhat convuluted. It balances a fine combat/exploration aspect with a time management segment between combat, the rewards for doing said time management aren't amazing, but it isn't so bad as to be entirely disregarded. Ammo management is important, being trigger happy may result in a bad situation further on.In my personal opinion, this is a little gem that's worth the money at full price; but should you find it on sale, I highly recommend you pick it up."
76561198120285520,Recommended,435530,26097168,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ClevyCola,Quite fun. Needs more story maybe even customization but i enjoy it
76561198287679652,Recommended,435530,31029457,Posted: 8 April,all,Lumbo,"What can I say, Final Station is a game where you're put up against odds against your will where you're destined to travel across the railway lines and cities full of trechourous monsters lurking in rooms and tunnels, By far this game holds a special place within my library the reasons why?1, The storyline - Yet it may seem unsure of at first but as you continue onwards within the game itself you learn with the chracter on whats going on be it through character conversations notes terminals or basic story progression dialog, Utterly great how they captured the conversations between survivors.2, The simplistic keying for both fireing and melle even down towards character control.3, The music fits its place very well the music is toned as a zombie game but also has a strange similarity sound towards the breaking of a real trains wheels towards great drumline tones for those moments of intensity I appauld the composure for the hardwork on this alone.4, Gun selection and surroundings, Well the guns themselves serve as a fantastic purpose they can get you out of sticky situations and even at times can be rendered useless against certain foes or even be the downfall to your death by other enemys, then we have the surroundings that can be tied into combat be it chairs barrels tv's or even simply toilets! These serve as crucial roles for wanting to conserve ammo at the most stressful of times.5, The scenery is just so mysterious dark and also light soft even hard and gritty and also terrorfying and even has sections where you feel as though you've stepped into Sci-fi! It does all of this without breaking immersion fantastically.6, The ending ...... You'll just have to wait and see.. though for me I liked it but was not overly impressed if not confused.Cons? Because no game is perfect1, I felt the game itself was not long enough for the price admitingly it was not the reason for this being a con it was more the fact I was drawn in so much to the game itself I was worried for when it was going to finish and sadly it finished too early for my liking, I believe a second installment to this game but predating to the ""first"" time these issues began would be a great investment though.2, Why use guns when you can fist almost all the enemys? Yes sadly this was a issue we are made to believe conserving ammo is crucial by how you can make ammo buy ammo and buy attachments for your guns these were all great but sadly this was overshadowed by the power of punching while backstepping, I'd like to see a possible patch for not being able to backpeddle while punching it would make you choose wisely on your situations to slow to very fast enemys.3, The train sequences I loved them I learned so much from the conversations but what was the issue? I felt the trying to save all of your passengers to be rather easy.... YES it has been said, I believe this needs to be tweaked more if not th ehunger bar if depleted shoul dcause starvation / death, I felt med packs were to easy to come by which in full cause me to not care about food as much and have a plentyful stock of med packs instead, Though I also felt the food was never of low stock as if it was planned for you to always to have enough for each passenger.4, The game needed more towns, Yes sadly so I felt the game required more survivor sections for cities and also for settlements to buy things, I found it rather impossible to understand the logic of the attachments pricing and existence within a game that can be completed in the time frame you see my record on for it, though a great idea! Though not for a game as short as The Final Station.5, So many characters within the game as you adventure to affected locations, the vast amount of potential for side quests was uncanny but was not taken advantage of which coul dhave made the game have puzzel aspects to finding keys for rooms for medical supplys for injured men and women to being told survivors are being trapped within a room as affected monsters push against there door and they need someone to deminish there numbers.6, Dying holds little to no issues spawning if not seconds from your death makes the game feel it holds your hand too much, Possible hardmode for later on which includes perma death? I would happily welcome that.Now the real question, Is The Final Station worth a shot or even worth the price tag it holds? Most certainly don't give it a miss and if you can't buy it just now? put it on that wishlist as its a game you don't want to miss."
,Recommended,435530,25564319,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ACOG,Pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,435530,32837466,Posted: 26 June,all,GUYS_WITH_GUNS,It was quite boring and had almost no replayability
76561198050846278,Recommended,435530,25260744,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jive Turkey,yes
,Not Recommended,435530,25371366,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bndy chrom_,"This game is quite beautiful and the gameplay works but beyond that there isn't much to say about the game, for the full price of 14.99 I cannot recomend this game because while it does have it's nice points the game becomes extremely repetitive and challenging purely on the basis of ""well you didn't find/craft enough ammo have fun with meleeing creatures with 2-3 hit kills"" another thing I have issue with this game is that on occasion the game feels unpolished or non-intuitive. If these issues were to be resolved or they add more content I cannot recommend buying this game for full price."
,Not Recommended,435530,25370775,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ombligo,"Interesting game.  I wanted to like it, and it has a lot of good parts, but it largely falls short.  Grade: C+, wouldn't buy again. Wait until a 50% off sale at least.Pros:ArtInteresting storyCons:Way too slow - need to move the story alongBecomes repetitive very quickly.  Stop, go through linear level that's sometimes annoyingly difficult, repeat 3-4 times, get 5 minutes of real story, repeat.Zero replay value"
76561198052724933,Recommended,435530,25255639,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Boyz_Noize,"Очень атмосферная и ламповая игра, по крайней мере эта выживалка-симулятор поезда отнимет у меня как минимум вечера 3"
,Recommended,435530,25316498,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr Sydney,"Playing through this game, I'll say i enjoyed it and had fun in many parts. This game is worth the buy if you have the money or wait for a cheaper sale.My main complaint would probably be with how the game ended, wasn't able to tie on the loose ends of the story well enough being too vague on some things. Hopefull they may remedy the story in future expansions, I would look forward to that.My r8 is an 8/10"
76561198025226894,Not Recommended,435530,28699065,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Yurt McGirt,"Despite having an intriguing story and some fantastic moments of small terror and tension, I can't bring myself to recommend this game based on the fact that the gameplay itself feels overly simplistic during exploration and tedious busy work during the train sections. I liked what I played at first but it got more repetitive and the lack of variation and mindless chore running between levels eventually overshadowed my interest in seeing the story progress."
,Recommended,435530,32881504,Posted: 27 June,all,Bigsand,"this is one of the best games i have ever played, up there with HL2. If you have the chance, GET IT!!!"
,Not Recommended,435530,25370019,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,chucky cheeze,"Not sure how this game has gotten such high ratings.  It looks neat and the premise is cool, but it fails to deliver in my opinion.  I was expecting FTL train-style.  It feels underdeveloped."
,Recommended,435530,25301559,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,waaaaaa,very nice indeed
76561198009515742,Not Recommended,435530,25372285,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Rorschach,I loved the gameplay and the story andm then it ended abrruptly and in a VARY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way dont waste the money it should be a 5 dollar game and im going to try to get a refund.
76561197980482304,Recommended,435530,25384613,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Red Shirt,"Pros:Immersive atmosphereUnique and Original storylineExcellent Pixel graphicsGreat OST and sound effectsEnjoyable Map layout and explorationFun combat w/ reasonable ammo rationingDo-able AchievementsCons:Levels somewhat repetitiveTrain maintenance is tediousStoryline isn’t straightforwardGame abruptly endsTutorial level drawn outI was excited for The Final Station and preordered it a few days before release, once unlocked I quickly fell in love with the atmosphere and general feel of the game. The storyline and deployment is great but as I progressed it felt a little vague and rushed. I enjoyed reading little personal notes on computers and in rooms but they felt unconnected to the storyline or random. That aside, I enjoyed the game and would recommend it to others, but make it known ahead of time the game is fairly short but fun, just don’t expect to understand what entirely is going on."
76561198155446279,Recommended,435530,25603889,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,krutovhomestyle,"I will explain why you aren't right, devs.I suppose your game is more about telling a story than about shooting. And if you read a book for example where the end explains nothing, so this is not a good book.But anyway I reccomend this game for athmosfere, sound and its dark beauty."
76561197994570159,Recommended,435530,25281257,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,En1gma,"Absolutely love the atmosphere of this game! It's an interesting experience for the indie genre in my opinion, and well worth the price. I wish you could have multiple save files.Pros: Excellent controls, cool story (although a tad lacking in character), immersive soundtrack, easy to pick up and put down thanks to check-points!Cons: The game feels a bit linear, I wish I could pick and choose when I can go to town to restock on ammo or food with money from people I pick up. It would be a cool idea to take this game off its rails and allow you to go to places where you've already been or something to farm for supplies. Not much bad to say about this game for what it is.Overall: Get this game if it looks like something you'd be interested in!"
76561198051495482,Not Recommended,435530,35075355,Posted: 19 September,all,Preciousdio,"The concept is cool, but the game just is not.  too short too simple fun for 30 minutes then you don't care about it any more."
,Recommended,435530,25485090,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Garret,Incredible story game!
,Recommended,435530,25295148,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CBrown,"I bought this on a whim after seeing a few pictures, watching a trailer and reading the synopsis: ""Travel by train through a dying world. Look after your passengers, keep your train operational, and make sure you can always reach the next station. Make your way through swarms of infected at each station. Explore mysterious and abandoned stations looking for supplies and survivors."" A rogue-like game where you drive around the country in a train, picking up passengers, delivering them to their destinations, maintaining the train, exploring derelict stations... hell yeah, sign me up for some of that.And at first the game really didn't disappoint even a little bit. The first hour had me completely engrossed in the game and I couldn't tear myself away (which is not good at work!). I eagerly swooped into every station, scouring every container for food, medkits and ammo and feared opening every door. But then it started to become problematic. What I thought was a rogue-like was actually a linear narrative from beginning to end and once you figure out the secret behind the mighty fist, combat becomes far simpler, reducing what started out as pulse gripping horror to repetitive clicking. Rare were the times when the game didn't eagerly offer up some clever solution to the combat, a trick as it were, to avoid spending bullets and the later in the game, the more explosives you find littering the corridor. And if no explosive barrels are nearby the enemies themselves are explosive and with their inability to climb ladders, mere elevation is their biggest foe.And the train simulation is more of the same. Well, no shooting or punching or exploding but a repetitive motion that you go through because... well, you have to. Or do you? The jury is out on that one as all you get for your troubles is money and upgrades and I honestly needed neither. You'll come across plenty of passengers but you're never given a choice whether they get to go on your train or remain once they're on. They all sit there, talking amongst themselves and bleeding on the upholstry. Your job then is to feed them, dress their wounds and make sure they have air to breathe, a troublesome task at first but ever so slowly it too becomes repititive and easy. The game gives you just enough of all resources plus a little more to get by if you explore the stations in detail and with the simple combat, there's no reason not to.So all you've really got are pretty graphics, a story and heaps and heaps of atmosphere. The first times you explore stations, that first journey through a tunnel, first time exploring a city, it sucks you in and doesn't let you go. Listening in on the passengers's conversations and reading all the notes you come across paints a mental picture of the world you temporarily inhabit and the lives people lead. But little by little the story kind of gets away from you and your interest in the world vanes equally. There's a huge chunk of the game where nothing really happens and you're bogged down by repition and samey, featureless environments, the narrative sort of... taking a break before it picks back up in the third act. But at that point the gameplay is already stretched too thin to be interesting and there are a few strange design decisios that really didn't gel with me. And consequences seem to be non-existant. Keep passengers alive or let them die, fire missiles, talk with all the people, go straight to the object, explore the stations. Nothing truly seem to matter as long as you get to the end.As such the game feels... unfinished. The narrative itself is interesting but fails to maintain interest and the gameplay isn't free enough to truly make it interesting. If I had a choice of where to go and the journey got harder, more engaging as we went then perhaps the gameplay would've been more interesting. If the resource management was more detailed and there were more options then perhaps the gameplay would've been more interesting. If my character could grow and his arsenal and train was customizable then maybe the gameplay would've been more interesting.But it isn't. And it's a shame too because there are some breathtaking moments in this game that whispered of so much more. But the second act isn't as solid as it needs to be to carry the narrative for four hours and neither is the gameplay. Cut an hour of the game, add some more meaningful exploration and a few tough choices to make along the way and the game would've received a glowing recommendation. As it is, it only receives a thumbs up because of the graphics, what little the story manages to salvage and that first, glorious, brilliant first hour. Just don't expect a rogue like, at least not yet..."
76561198104361836,Recommended,435530,25474187,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Inappropriate Erection,"Final Stations story was very compelling from start to finish and enjoyed the pixilated style and train management. From the moment you get into the action from being just a normal train conductor thrown into a situation suddenly is very well done through out the entire game and the ending will definately be unexpected. Thge atomshpere that the game throws you into will draw you in and when you think you're safe, there will be a unexpected discovery just seconds away. I recommend this game for anyone that is a fan of pixilated style suspense though there are some faults I experienced....Taking care of the train and guests does take away from the storyline at times. Leaving the car to get food, meds, and/or  fix the train delays dialouge and costs your other guests of health and hunger if you try to catch up with it all before arriving at your next stop. Another small problem I encountered was the enemies health. The enemies seemed rather easy to take down, usually 3-4 good hits to take a single enemy down. Even the large creatures, though visually meneacing are taken down with a feww good wacks of your weapon. If the later types were built up stronger, The last part of the game would feel a bit more challenging instead of just being able to melle them to death in a few blows."
76561197966917815,Recommended,435530,25354519,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Andrew,"Short, Bleak, and Gorgeous. The Final Station is pixel graphics meets Ray Bradbury meets Soviet winter. The ending will confuse and sadden you, but the game play will entice you.All in all A+ and well worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,435530,25261853,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,⇜SQUIGS⇝,"The game overall is very solidly built. The art style suites what it's going for, and the music and sound design are amazing, all of it really comes together to create a very bleak atmosphere whch I feel the game was going for.Spoilers will be in this review!ProsThe gunplay is well done, and you'll constantly find yourself struggling to find ammo, health packs and food to keep your passengers alive, which is a good thing as it helps craft the feeling the game wants to go for.Visuals and sounds are great, I cannot stress this enoughIssuesSometimes the game will like to throw you a bit of an unfair challenge, like in the Metro station, they throw something like 16-18 enemies at you in one medium sized room, with a ladder being the only way down. You cannot aim directly down, so I had to find a way to cheese my way through that segment.Food is much more rare than it needs to be, even at populated stations, you can usually only buy two stacks of food, and it doesn't matter how much money you have, you won't be able to buy more. This issue would also exist for medpacks if you couldn't craft them.Some story is conveyed via passenger dialouge, which is a cool idea that soon becomes a curse as while on the train, the game will usually want you to repeat one or two repetetive tasks to keep the train running, and you will often times miss out on some of this dialouge.Upgrades cost you an arm and a leg to get and often add very little. A laser sight in a 2D side-scrolling game where your gun always fires whereever your reticule is? no need, so why is an upgrade that is technically functionally useless cost $800 to begin with?ConsThe game becomes a very monotonous grind after a very short time, when you realize the gameplay is simply becoming a vehicle for the plot, it ultimately becomes a unengaging experience.The game fails to appropriately fail deaths, likely because the team behind it knew when they were shoving a cheap section in the game that they'd need to shove a checkpoint nearby because people would die there alot. This is an okay idea, but why not just remove the cheap parts of the game entirely? If the death holds no weight then there's no feeling to it and thus absolutely no reason to have it existing in the game to begin with, as it just becomes a time padder.Keeping certain survivors alive can be extremely bothersome. Certain characters will be bleeding, and require constant medical care as you cannot stop the bleeding. In theory this is a cool idea, in practice it is not. Maybe add in a rare item to stop bleeding instead of draining us for medpacks that we, the play need to use on ourselfs when you chuck a cheap section into the game?The game seems like it'll be short. I'm just over 3 quaters of the way done, station wise and I've only played for around 100 minutes.Enemy placement and item placement is static. This means it always spawns the same way no matter what. This wouldn't have had been an issue were the game longer, but it is not.Overall ScoreThe game has some very solid gameplay to it, but it fails to mix it up resulting in an ultimately dull gameplay experience. If I had to number my score out of 100, I'd give it 65/100. It's a good game, I just can't deal with the utter repetetiveness of it and with the prospect of it being so short, I can't bring myself to give it a rating that's higher.Reviewrs NoteI hope the devs manage to tweak balance or something to make it more enjoyable for people who decide to play it later down the line. Don't think I'm trying to turn you away from the game, it's 100% worth getting if not only to support the developers, but to also try it for yourself to see if you like it. I'm just warning you of the issues this game has."
76561198034485077,Recommended,435530,31294230,Posted: 22 April,all,{CHT}vagg6,"Comfortable game mechanics, suitable and nostalgic artstyle, subtle but interesting plot(if you pay attention)! Great game, would recommend!"
76561198040186186,Recommended,435530,31292079,Posted: 22 April,all,Dawg,LOL... What an ending... short game (4h) with great atmosphere and great retro feel. Not very challenging but enjoyable combat
76561198051882484,Recommended,435530,25283472,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shhtteeve,"Tense and fun, would rather there were less checkpoints in parts, to make it feel more threatening and dangerous. Overall very good =]"
,Recommended,435530,25494626,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Marchallmo,"This story-steamed game is one of the best experienses i had.After Garfield Kart of courseI don't really write reviews oftenbut Strygatsky Brothers monument made me want toThe cool thing is that i didn't had to buy it by european price, YAY.But still, the game has its own  moments that make you want to play it furtherIn conclusion, Devs please, make dialoges stop when you are away from people7/10 buy it on sale if you wanna"
,Not Recommended,435530,25463092,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,21st Rct. Kenobi,"It's.... it's not terrible but it's repetitive as hell and is very basic.Just so everyone knows, it is definitely a linear game. You'll explore every pre-made level, sure. But...they're really nothing special. The survival aspect and train mechanics seem intresting at first, but they QUICKLY become mundane and annoying.I'd recommend for maybe 5$ USD, but that's all."
76561198115705145,Recommended,435530,25275107,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,kicsivk88,"After 6 hours of playing I can sencerely recommend this game.It's fun, it's engaging and I am having a great time with it.Took me almoust 9hours to finish the game.It's a good game for the prize tag."
,Recommended,435530,25358312,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Grape-Lookin' Slut,"What it lacks in mechanical depth it makes up for with amazing tone, atmosphere, and world-building."
76561197992051002,Recommended,435530,25292967,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gammapod,"Fun game! Bad ending, and not in a good way."
76561198162022017,Recommended,435530,31269955,Posted: 20 April,all,HuhBuhListic,10/10 would cry at the end again
,Recommended,435530,25406134,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ROOT #Seahawknum4,"I don't really get all the hate this game is catching. Is it perfect? No. Is it a little on the short side? Yes. But all the other complaints about it...The game doesn't chissel down on some of the mechanics people wish it did, but it doesn't feel unfinished either. The story isn't immediately obvious to people, but they would hate if it was spoon-fed to them through cutscenes. The list goes on.For me, it's a 7/10"
76561197999413477,Recommended,435530,28600993,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,UnholySpectre,The artwork is buetiful The game is a bit challenging at times but is still very fun
76561198287475338,Not Recommended,435530,31332870,Posted: 23 April,all,bunny de fluff,"First of all this is not strictly a ""rogue-like"" game. This game is quite liner, you are not going to be as free roaming as the trailers made it to be. Secondly this game is not strictly a ""zombie"" game in the traditional sense of the word, it's just that they cannot find a better word to describe the enemy critters in this game.The most glaring problem of this game is its length. I did almost everything in 5 Hours. Even when the hard drive space required by this game is more than 1 GB you really cannot play this more than 5 hours let alone play it again. It is far more an ""adventure"" game than a ""survival"" and/or ""resource management"" game. The item buying and selling mechanism in this game is like it was there just for the sake of art and no real implementations. It is more an adventure game that you really do not have to buy or sell anything. Just shoot some enemies and get some key codes to drive some trains and you are done.For those who love very simple 2D side scrolling shooting actions with a bit of sci-fi adventure element(with not much story) , I would recommend buying it when it's on sale.edited on: 8 May 2017After I finished playing this game, I have a bad feeling about it that I cannot describe. And today I finally realized what that feeling was. It was the feeling of being scammed. Yes, I was scammed by this game, fooled into buying a piece of mediocre art at an outrageous price. I am not above admitting my own stupidity and the cleverness of this game company at marketing their low quality game. This game sure as hell does not worth 15 dollar. It does not even worth half of it if truth be told. I changed my review from recommend to NOT recommend. This game quality is like a concept 2d side scrolling shooter that is suitable for 10 yo kids and below. To whoever felt they were scammed by this game after playing, upvote me so that others could see this review easier.Thank you."
76561198132209346,Recommended,435530,28142220,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,commander,"It had a really awesome atmosphere,makes funSPOilER: that ending...I didn't like it"
76561197970163812,Recommended,435530,25268177,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,HolyAssassin,The Final Station is a little short but it's a perfect example of the beauty of indie development.
76561198036853689,Recommended,435530,31271306,Posted: 21 April,all,Lime Jeepers,This game got me ****ed up. I don't think my mind can handle this ridiculousness.
,Recommended,435530,25302592,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Snook Cat,So i have to agree the price is a bit much for the gamplay it put out but i have to say this is one of my most favorite games i have ever played. The story is one of those that can be just a bit much. and i have to say that if your looking for a good story this is a real gem right here. if u arnt worried about that hole guns bazing but more of the art and style the game puts out this is one u want in your library.
,Not Recommended,435530,26519298,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"The demo, for me, was a bit decieving. It appeared to offer tons of gameplay in an almost open world. What the actual game offers is a very linear and lackluster story. It's a shame because the ideas behind the game are great. I do not recommend this game at full price, though on sale for $5.00 or less it may be worth a playthrough."
,Not Recommended,435530,25371678,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[на родину] Σ-sτιgma,"On the surface it looked like a good survival game with some other interesting activities. Survive on a train, save people. However, it's more or less just a 2d zombie game. The plot is miniscule, and the train is just a mini-game. It's already bored me, and I have less than 2 hours invested. I wanted to like it more."
76561198116208480,Recommended,435530,25262194,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DankSwiggitySwagNibelsnarf,"Great game so far.  There's definitely a story, which grabs and picks at your mind...  The controls are fluid and tight, and survival is actually not that easy.  There are a few interesting and unique mechanics that come along this title, and so far I haven't lost interest.  I recommend you pick up this game."
76561198373588058,Recommended,435530,31603898,Posted: 7 May,all,ash7840,great game had a big twist but but short and sweet
76561198032137345,Recommended,435530,31250544,Posted: 19 April,all,wubajay,"This game was an 'on special' impulse buy. While it was downloading, I felt buyers remorse settling in as I had done no research whatsoever beyond watching the trailers. I'm kind of hard up for cash at the moment and the regret of the purchace probably raised my expectaions of the game to the point where if the first 15 minutes or so failed to hook me, I would of been pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off...I was rewarded with 'a post-apocalyptic adventure about travelling a dying world on a train' (as stated in the dev's description) and was utterly mesmerised by the story I was pulled into. Luckily I had stuff all to do today, so I smashed out the full game in a few hours, taking the time to explore each section thoroughly in order to get any scrap of lore I could.Upon finishing the game, I'm debating with myself, as I type this up, whether or not to move straight onto the DLC and flesh out my experience even more. The hesitation comes from feeling like it deserves one good sitting to complete, just like the core game, time I'm not sure I have unless I can come up with a good excuse not to go out for dinner with my family.I'd thoroughly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a mystery game tied up in tight gameplay. My only criticism is the length as I didnt feel I was given the chance to sink my teeth into this properly. I guess that means i'm moving straight onto 'The Only Traitor'. I think I feel a cold coming on... *cough*In short, worth my time to review."
76561197985808746,Recommended,435530,31250824,Posted: 19 April,all,jack|ass,"Train zombies from space.  Played 90 minutes straight til I realized what goddamn time it was, but still took time to post this.  That's how good it is."
,Recommended,435530,31250894,Posted: 20 April,all,Slore,"The atmosphere is dark as you venture out into the unknown on your train. The adventure that lies ahead, well it's not for the faint of heart. Side scrolling through towns, to find information about the world around you is a delight, but not overwhelming. While on the trian, there is some brief resource management. Do you feed everyone? Do you save the person who is offering so little for their ride? There are also some little mini games to keep the train moving.This game turned out to be a diamond in the rough. Quite the gem. I don't like spending more than $1 per hour of gameplay, so definitely worth the price on sale. Maybe another play through or two could get the full price covered."
,Recommended,435530,31251890,Posted: 20 April,all,coco260[officialprofile],"After about 4 hours of hard binging i finished The Final Station and its an interesting game. it reminds me quite heavily of a Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress(Koutetsujou no Kabaneri). the gameplay is solid and honestly keep the game remarkably interesting and while ammo is scarce at only one point did i find my self unable to fight the infected.The biggest flaw with this game is also one of its greatest strengths so i read on it a bit after completion and it supposidly suffered from a poor english translation which would explain my confusion but in a way the constant mystery of what was going on made me far more interested than if i had gotten a proper translation.all in all i would recommend this game on sale its very good for what i got it for which was about 5$ but i could see why it might not be worth it for 15$.PROS:enjoyable and tense gameplaymysterious story (again from what i heard due to poor translation but i enjoyed this game regardless)Simplicitic and yet detailed art style.and at some sections genuine tensionCONS:Game length is about 4 hours (though that was perfect for me personally)Story is hard to followGameplay consists of largely the same task (manage train,kill infected,explore map. rinse and repeat)IN SUMMARY: I found the game quite enjoyable and intrigue though there is not much a resolution in the english translation of the story. get on sale too short and repetative for full price."
76561198040766310,Not Recommended,435530,25992077,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Square Mom,"The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't make any real sense. Several useless cutscenes that provide little to no information. Game is exceedingly easy and short. A+ for graphics and artwork, but the gameplay and story doesn't add up to much. 4/10, would refund."
76561198123276896,Recommended,435530,29192698,Posted: 11 January,all,FlyOnTheWall,"My god, where do I start?This is like getting kicked in the balls with a boot of pleasure."
76561197999500737,Recommended,435530,26034985,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,K!,Отличная игра. Парни молодцы!
,Recommended,435530,28437884,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BurningBacon101,BEST.GAME.EVER
76561198029931288,Recommended,435530,31245286,Posted: 19 April,all,Tiny Rick,This game is a classic train conductor zombie survival game. simple and fun. well polished and artfully executed.
76561197998033010,Recommended,435530,31312168,Posted: 22 April,all,daniel_mic,"*Edit:  DLC!!!!*Different, atmospheric...cool and excentric!  Only problem, if any; are the texts - the wording seems a bit rough around the edges, but I can live with that - this game is really a cool find!Reminds me of Braid a litlle..."
76561198059849493,Recommended,435530,25426460,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ShadowXprice,It is a awesome game and a must try i had alot of fun trying to figureoutthe plot
76561198121680649,Recommended,435530,25294519,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BigMan,"This game is just awsome. It oozes atmosphere, it rewards exploration by the player with supplies and more peices to the puzzle that is this games intersting story, and it is just difficult enough to provide a good chalenge without being out right frustraiting. It is well worth the price, and I can't wait to play more of it."
76561198210948124,Recommended,435530,25361029,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,vulcan.hestan9,"6/10 I recomend this game only because the starting game play is good I finished the game in 4.8 hours, the ending is terrible as if the people ran out of funding and just cut the game. About one quarter of the stations on the map are visiters. money is pointless, it is only used to buy meds and food and food is only needed to get money, so long as you economise with ammo only shooting when 100% nessesery basicaly only shooting 10 shots max per level which is completly possible you don't need to buy ammo!. I finished the game with about 60 pistle ammo, 13 shotgun ammo and 9 meds. sudden ending but be prepaired to be dissapointed."
,Recommended,435530,34940506,Posted: 13 September,all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,TRAINS!
,Not Recommended,435530,25354062,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,lolwhat,prosto idi nahui a ne igra
76561198001818857,Not Recommended,435530,31249572,Posted: 19 April,all,jasonblank,4 hours of my life I will never get back. And it cost me money to boot.
,Recommended,435530,25257846,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Frederik,"I don't think I quite understand the entire story, but what I do understand is the crippling depression I feel when I play this game.. 9/11 Do want to kill self again"
,Not Recommended,435530,31265702,Posted: 20 April,all,JaKa semtime,nheee.......
,Not Recommended,435530,29802429,Posted: 9 February,all,Kasparao,"Refunded, unfortunately.. Beyond 80 mins of game time, the game just didn't hold my interest. Combat is bland and button mashing and you basically just abuse the stairs - you can punch/evade from stairs, which you abuse to the fullest to conserve the sparse amount of ammo you have.Storywise, I never got to relate and listen to the stories of the passengers because I constantly have to chase around the train and micro manage time-factors that will slowly detorioate and damage the train if you dont pay attention."
,Not Recommended,435530,31416468,Posted: 28 April,all,BubbleMonster,Boring
76561197993498533,Recommended,435530,25315935,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Nodnarb,This game was amazing! I do wish I had a little more time with the title as it only took me a day to clear the story I was still blown away by the experience. If you are looking for a unique game that will leave you with that sense of satifsaction and awe you just haven't been able to find with modern titles then The Final Station is the game for you.
,Recommended,435530,25321351,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nihisil,"Nice story and smooth gameplay. There are a couple of unclear moments in the game story, but overall it is ok."
76561197970972661,Recommended,435530,25298791,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Baron Munchausen,Very thought provoking.
,Recommended,435530,25285227,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Xherethrus,"This game is... Hard to describe, I guess the only real word I have for it is ""Fantastic"". I haven't played a game like this in a long while, something that sucks me in with the mystery and terror."
76561198124180853,Recommended,435530,25297250,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,c z y,intense story
76561198054867796,Recommended,435530,25384133,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,PYRO_GAMES,"ok i've played a fair few pc games but right now im mainly a console gamer (trying to convert XD). but in saying that this game is bloody amazing i didnt follow this game from the begining but i thought id take a risk and buy it the day of release and im glad i did it is amazing and if you have the extra £4 get the sound track, OMG it is amazing and if your like me then i can make you jump or just make you think s**t i need to run, and just a tip conserve your ammo as if your game is like mine then you wont find much along the way XD and if you choose to buy The Final Station hope you enjoy it as much as i have been"
76561198009410901,Recommended,435530,25385320,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Indigo,"Nice and emotional. Done in two hours .... honestly, I expected more time in this nice world."
76561198006396217,Recommended,435530,25388155,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Itching_fingers,"Definitely recommend.Little nitpicks:- Managing train is useless - no fun. Just the distraction from passengers dialogs and beautiful backgrounds.- Story needs a bit better pacing. But it's developer's first game, I'm sure they'll improve in the next one =)"
,Recommended,435530,25306824,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,GalaxyPoo,"Perfect game. Straight 6 hours of intense, interesting and intuitive gameplay. Thank you, devs, very much!"
76561197971127571,Recommended,435530,28748247,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The_Real_Black,StoryA nice story of a man doing his job..... sad he is not one of the 1% surving. Fail state endings are sad for games.... saving the world saving people.GraphicsNice pixelart wonderfull backgrounds and little animations.
76561198009266557,Recommended,435530,25285870,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OrneryBud,"Too short, great story tho'"
,Recommended,435530,25288663,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Master Jedi Bob,"A great no brainer single player dive in, dive out game.Pros:Solid simple combat mechs.Easy to follow paths.No over thinking, just point, shoot or punch.Ideals:Even though I loved this game as a no brainer, maybe a few simple puzzels?Con:Needs a level/act select after completeing to get missed achievements. (Luckily the ones I missed were right at the beginning)Final level or an epilouge level with a last stand aspect of just going hell for leather would have been a welcomed addition.10/10 Will get ""The Final Station: We found more stations"""
,Recommended,435530,25356594,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lander,"The Final Station is a very short and sweet game. I'll go over the pros and cons.Pros:-Good art direction, backdrops that the train drives through are pretty cool most of the time, and there is a cyber-punky aesthetic to the cities and tech in the game-Combat, simple yet has enough depth to make you think about how to engage your enemies-Story, there are many hidden tidbits to find that reveal more of the story to you and the storyline is somewhat mysteriousCons:-Very short, took me about 3 and a half hours to beat and I was somewhat taking my time with it-Price, a little too expensive for less than 4 hours of gameplay-No replayability, I was expecting a NG+ mode or something like that but there's nothing-Very easy, only one system malfunctions at a time in the train and it's pretty easy to stay on top of the system and 6 passengers, even if 2 are injured. I always seemed to have enough supplies if I just explored all of each levelOverall it's a pretty good game but given the price it is too short and does not have enough replayability.I recommend you put it on your wishlist if you're interested, and buy it when it goes on sale."
76561198200018558,Recommended,435530,26471091,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,XpodusMaster,"If you have mad stacks of cash, and no spending limit, this is the game for you! If thats not the case... I would wait for the summer sale. This short but sweet 2D game takes about 5-6 hours if you really look at every detail and explore every inch of this game. Even though thats the case, this is a beautiful game. You take the role of a train conductor, delivering survivors and importaint equipment to government safe zones during the infamous ""Second Visitation"". You have to work alone to gather supplies at each station to not only keep your train passengers alive, but to make sure you are prepared for the next room, which could be crawling with infected. Not only trying to survive, you can find multiple letters and easter eggs around hinting at more nefarious plots within the game, from the mysterious Mr. X, to devious government testing. This game is very addictive, and has  a truely touching ending. I would highly reccomend playing this amazing game. (P.S. The sounds in the backround of this game are to DIE for)"
,Recommended,435530,25287197,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Blackbeard,"So far this game is really fun. I had my nvidia surround on and was very supprised to see that this game supports it! I thought I bought a simple game, but it tunrs out this follows a story and surprised me how fun it was."
76561198145765595,Recommended,435530,25357894,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,cyber,challenging and awesome
76561198136227456,Recommended,435530,31243277,Posted: 19 April,all,Torix,worth it !
,Not Recommended,435530,25275671,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jet,The initial trailer showcased a fantastic concept.You have the last working train in a zombie apocalypse and you gotta save people while keeping it moving.Somehow they managed to ♥♥♥♥ this up massively.
76561198130869394,Not Recommended,435530,25491430,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Moon Truther,"Re-used stuff, just increases difficulty 2/10"
76561197984113063,Not Recommended,435530,30459719,Posted: 11 March,all,Landerr,"bad controls, leads to constantly dying."
76561198052508893,Recommended,435530,25318754,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,pigeonmaster,mesmerising
76561198069513316,Recommended,435530,25287553,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,riggingchimp,"Brilliant bit of story telling, loved the style and atmosphere of it all.But at only 4 hours of game play with pretty much no reply value, perhaps wait till the price comes down a bit."
76561198305239783,Not Recommended,435530,31140657,Posted: 14 April,all,Fortune Finder,its a fun game but you get about 5 hours of playing time until you start to get really bored of it which is not much playing time for the 15 dollars that it costs
,Recommended,435530,31003457,Posted: 7 April,all,Evan,"Everything about this game is amazing. The story, music, sound effects, graphics, etc. I would love to see a sequel or DLC."
,Not Recommended,435530,25254879,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Лупус,"Besides great atmosphere, the game is very very very very very very repetitive.And don`t punish you enought for your mistakes,plus some controls are placed in a way that makes you even more frustaded."
76561197960315996,Not Recommended,435530,25313806,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DjArcas,"The trains bits are boring.The platform bits are boring.VSync is also apparently something that 'other games do'I can't find much positive to say about this game, to be honest."
76561198144816003,Not Recommended,435530,26687890,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CatFlaps,The final station is not what i expected. I was snt by Jacksepticeye to buy it but it didnt meat the requierments
,Not Recommended,435530,25276904,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mxix,"Not even close to what could be...I expected a longer game. Maybe an actual reason for repeating it, more stations? Random maybe? Maybe another gameplay mode beside the story one?Most of the characters you find are not worth saving ... and since you have to keep doing the ""mini""games on the train most of the time you can't even properly read and interact with the people you saved and enjoy the details they are introducing. And last, but that's more of a personal thought, didn't really get the story/ending.On a positive note, i do enjoy the game visually and it has a solid gameplay.Could use more content and some reason for actually replaying it."
,Not Recommended,435530,25428740,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JesusBeam!,"Nope, this just doesn't work."
76561198237686256,Recommended,435530,32679457,Posted: 23 June,all,iom,is good game
,Recommended,435530,25591818,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Th_,"Play this game. Just play it. Infact i'll ♥♥♥♥ing buy it for you, just play it."
76561198261066527,Recommended,435530,25254165,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),it is quite good however once completed im not sure if its worth going through again more of a story telling than action and half an half debating whether to refund or not but it is good
76561198044281293,Recommended,435530,25295913,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Swile,I enjoyed whole play throughBUT IT HAD SO MUCH POTENTIALLLLLLLL
,Not Recommended,435530,25254657,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TheCrimsonScythe,"The Atmosphere is nice but the game has several irritating features.The Combat is basic and unvaried and early on you run to just spam and hope rooms, there is little tacticle element to it, just run in hold left click and hope.Between scenes while you are on the train you have to preform a tedious minigame, some of which are ok but others are just ridiculous.Then their are the survivors who dont really seem to provide you much and mainly act as a nagging little side problem.This is a basic game which if you are patient you might like but it really doesnt have much to it besides its style which I will admit is very well done."
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,435530,25254116,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"This wont be a long review.  No tutorial.  The game isn't hard but it's frustrating to have to figure out what you're suppposed to do.  For example, I didn't know I was suppose to feed passengers or give them med kits.  It's not obvious.The game play is boring.  Reading other reviews, I see it doesn't get more exciting and the payoff at the end of the story doesn't seem to be there.I don't want to give away too much because soneone might like it, but after 30 minutes of doing the same thing over and over again, it didn't feel like it was progressing.  And what I did play was just boring.Luckily, I'm under the time where I can still request a refund."
,Not Recommended,435530,33209822,Posted: 3 July,all,Goyo,"Very, very boring."
76561198269146313,Recommended,435530,32690674,Posted: 23 June,all,Ashvin9567,I cry ivry time
76561198058441318,Not Recommended,435530,28172884,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The Invisible Man,"while the store page and gameplay videos look interesting, they show what the entire game is.  you run back and forth on a train for most of it, with badly written, one sided, and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""character dialogue"" happening around you.  it attempts to emulate other similar games in the post apocalyptic genre, but misses the mark entirely, creating a wholly boring player experience with occaisional moments of ""why am I still playing this"", and ""gee those pixels in the background look alright but I do not care about anything because the plot is cliche and the game is built around ignoring the expositional dialogue because I have to go adjust some knobs on the other train car.""not worth $15, not even worth the $12 when on sale."
,Not Recommended,435530,31261388,Posted: 20 April,all,Hunter Chantion,wow this game is boring. Just another pretentious indie game.
,Not Recommended,435530,25382796,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ray,Fast review! You play a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for a few hours only sticking with it to see the ending. The protagonist dies and you wasted your time. There. It's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047255428,Not Recommended,435530,28654701,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jsww,"Very torn on this review. The game starts off sucking you into the story, gameplay it self is simple enough but intricate enough to keep you on your toes through out the game.Halfway through you start asking your self questions as the story progresses however i feel the end is a bit of an anticlimax. I mean i knew this character was going to die eventually but not like this, just not like this.Anyway, i can't really recommend this at full price. Get it if goes on sale below $6. It just leaves many questions unanswered and you wanting more.(Yes i finished it in 6 hours)"
76561198042447745,Not Recommended,435530,25309485,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,HappySnappy :D   -csgo500bets.gg,i idnt like it
76561198015030875,Recommended,435530,30423086,Posted: 10 March,all,40255th,"Pro's- Great 2D Pixelart graphics,- Great Sound,- Interresting Story (little hard to follow as the real details are somewhat vague),- Great level design, stays interresting even in a somewhat linear 2D world (no backtracking)- Pace of game is very good, levels and intermediate train trips are just the right length of time to keep you going for just another levelCon's- Enemies in combat are somewhat simplistic but it fits the overall style of the game,- Its somewhat short (to complete the game takes 4-6hrs) and you just wanna to play more :-)Overall an very immersive game!"
76561197993950264,Recommended,435530,30461228,Posted: 11 March,all,Beef Of The Sea,"First up - I think the price point is a little high, but non the less:The background art, the scenes, the sprites are all lovely, and the minimalist sound track and sound effect really work well with the muted world. Fighting the monsters can get a little easy once you figure out how to move around them but it's never a drag. They've done well with the english transaltion, but there are a few spots where it's hard to follow, and the story does suffer a little bit for that.Now as the for the story, it does rely heavily on exposition - so if you miss a note or computer it can be difficult to figure it out. It does skip along towards the end and leaves a few plot holes in its wake, but overall I found it pretty satisfying.They could (and hopefully will!) do a lot more with all the work they've done on Final Station, I do hope to see more."
,Recommended,435530,30461860,Posted: 11 March,all,Collypso,"Excellent atmosphere, great detail in the graphics. It was an engrossing story the entire way through, took me almost six hours to finish.The combat isn't difficult at all, its main purpose is to increase the tension and make you wonder as to what happened."
76561198168156058,Recommended,435530,29543140,Posted: 28 January,all,dashel,"I just finished the game yesterday and it was incredable, reminds me of a shorter Hyper Light Drifter, but more modern. I really reccomend it."
76561198139394061,Recommended,435530,30592692,Posted: 18 March,all,Nadast,"Final Station is short but beautiful. Drenched in atmosphere with a great soundtrack for what is essentially a 16-bit style game. Effectively split into two parts; the main survival-horror platform game; cleaning out abandoned stations of infected hordes, and mini-game maintance of your train as it travels from station to station, with ammo and health conservation (of not just you but the passengers you rescue), playing its part. Centring around a government conspiracy of an infected population and a colossal Guardian robot which may (or may not) save them all, the English translation of the story is a little difficult to follow in places, but you can more or less tell what is going on.And that ending though...Survival Horror at its indie finest."
,Recommended,435530,30606704,Posted: 18 March,all,0MrFantasticFace ☭,"An amazing game full of amazing and spooky scenerys to the mysteryous messages and notes left behind survivours you come across in your journey as a train conductor fighting the mysterious black monsters roaming the fallen cities.Play as a train conductor keeping the train functional through your travels, entering towns finding codes to turn off blockcades. on your journey you find surviours that u must tend to for there needs to keep them alive to reach to the next station.Story is great and the gameplay and music is amazing but the game pretty much ends once you finish it... you can go back to try getting the achivements you missed but thats pretty much it for The Final Station. Hopefully soon there be DLC but for now getting this game on sale is reccomended rather then full price.Reccomend getting this on sale and if your a fan of story rich games, 2D side scroller and survival!"
76561198320742186,Recommended,435530,30735278,Posted: 25 March,all,NerdFluffington,"This is a great game, gameplay wise, but i'm not sure about the story, i just ignored it so i could play the game, i think it would be much better with a survival mode, because that's the main reason i got this game, like it could still have breaks in between zombie areas, but instead of having to do the story, the code is right next to the train, and you can get things from shops. There should also be survivors that you can maintain and get rewards from, basically the entire game without dialogue or backstory, and can extend as long as you can survive, that's what i would like from this"
76561198054219204,Recommended,435530,25269785,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Payday_Park,"That ending hit me right in a feels.Phenomenal art and sound style, and the game says a lot while speaking very little. Watching passengers talk on the train and fully exploring each station reveals more and more about this amazing world."
,Recommended,435530,25275608,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ChaosMass,"At first I thought to myself: cool another roguelike for me to try and loose, but I was wrong. This bit art game tells a story about a dying world and an alien invasion from the perspective of one of this world's denizens - not precisely the main character, but surely an important one. In the end, it makes a very good use of the concept of the inevitability of mortality... but don't listen to me, go and play it.The game throws at you challenges I'm sure most will overcome, but one can get desperate sometimes with the resource management part. Combat is tight and well done, with minor quirks, but enjoyable. The story has some holes, but you can fill in them if you connect the dots between the elements of the other parts of the story.It's fun, it's sad, it's good. A little short, tho..."
,Recommended,435530,25268378,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Insaanity,"The Final Station is a Wonderfull game that keeps you coming for more, so when i finished it in about 4 hour i was disapointed, because the game could go way longer. So i highly suggest an Infinite mode were you go from randomly generated stations to another and take survivors, so for the ones that finished the story and want more of it they can just keep going."
,Recommended,435530,25291987,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,{1CAV} Flak,20 minutes of gameplay for those who cant decide if they want to buy it or not.https://youtu.be/cAdkiZ97iAA
76561197971208006,Recommended,435530,25270464,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ludologist,Fantastic little product.  Little cheeky on the pricing £1-2 less woulda have been perfect.Nicely implemented story telling only impacted by a rather mundane train maintenance mechanic which can mean losing chunks of dialogue while you run back & forth tending to mundane tasks.
,Recommended,435530,25271117,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,samglo93,"After my short time with this game I must say i do enjoy it. Its like a cross between Igi, FTL and The Last Of Us. The gameplay though a little repetitive is, enjoyable with enough variety to keep you playing. The story keeps me asking whats next and what happened, and the art style is simple yet effective at providing a creepy environment. Well done. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,435530,25261587,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Matt,"Good, fun, simple-but-challenging, fairly-linear, interesting story game."
,Recommended,435530,25255087,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ObligatedCupid1,"+Good atmosphere+Good level design+Good humor+Good core gameplay-Sometimes feels literally impossible to pass some challenges-WHY DOES BACKING ONTO A LADDER MAKE ME CLIMB DOWN IT?? I JUST WANTED A LITTLE ROOM AND I KEEP BACKING OFF TO THE POINT OF GOING BACK DOWN A FLOOR WITH NOWHERE LEFT TO GO BUT A CLUSTER ♥♥♥♥ OF BLACK♥♥♥♥♥♥-Lack lusture options menuOverall, minor issues in a great game"
,Recommended,435530,25276625,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dario,A decent even if quite short game.Doesn't have multiple ending (seriously with all the possibility that a train detour or track change offers??) but the single run you have is pretty smooth and funny.Lovely background and well crafted scenery. Gameplay is not boring since becomes sometimes a puzle.A good short 4 hour experience for a price that is basically 2 movies seen at a thater.
76561197965916889,Recommended,435530,25415207,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dalyon,"It's a not-bad-ish from me. A story focused 2D survival ""horror"". The gameplay kept me in the first half of the game, sometimes getting past enemies could become even a small puzzle how to best handle every encounter, which unfortunately becomes slightly repetetive towards the end as I found myself rushing through levels just to be done with it.But it was an alright experience, albeit a bit of a hard grasping story. I thought it was something zombie related, turns out I was wrong, so that's cool."
,Recommended,435530,26663879,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dick Kickem cs.money,11/10
,Recommended,435530,26664110,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Simonhez,"I finished it in a little over 4 hours, some would say that is not enough time for a game but, the story makes up for it, great game and the sound design alone is worth the money!LOVE IT"
,Recommended,435530,26794188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roukke,"The best atmospheric indie game i've played, highly recomend it."
76561197970957522,Recommended,435530,27698082,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Demeggy,"Well bugger me. What a fantastic little game. Top marks for passive storytelling!You weave tiny bits of story throughout the linear path, dropping ambiguous hints here and there (with some genuinely fantastic little twists along the way).A simple, but fun game mechanic, and to top it off - what an ending!Can we expect to see more?! 8/10!"
,Recommended,435530,27676790,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Неил ★,VERI GUUUD GAME
,Recommended,435530,27603719,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Propane and Propane accessories,I really enjoyed the game every step of the way. highly recommended it.
76561198298176073,Recommended,435530,26456805,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shea.phil,"Overall, I really enjoyed this game. I felt, the mechanics were fresh, and it had an interesting story. However, I felt it was quite short. I would like to see it fleshed out a bit, or maybe even developed into a randomly-generated, rogue-like mode that you could play after you're done with the story. I'd play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that.But again, I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,435530,25332163,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MrHrulgin,"Really good. REALLY good. Worth every penny to buy it full price. The story is minimalistic, but full of implications that keep you wondering and guessing.A couple of game tips: Ammo is rare. Use melee attacks whenever you can, and melee with one of the more advanced weapons does more damage than punching with the pistol. Secondly, the weapon upgrades don't seem to be worth the money. Much more valuable to buy up food and medkits, as those will keep your passengers going.Two complaints: In all my rushing about trying to keep people fed and healed and the train in order, I missed 50-75% of all of the conversations among the passengers. Also, if I didn't bother to keep them fed or healed, I'm not sure I wouldn't have been better off. They never paid well enough to compensate me for food I might have bought or the multiple medkits that I used on them and your supply of medkits you use for missions is the same pool you're drawing from to heal your passengers.Those nitpicks aside, I loved this game and totally recommend it."
,Not Recommended,435530,25332754,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Maya,the game is good for the first 4 hours of playing it has a rather stressful and tense tone when youre low on ammo. however mostof my stress has been due to things that the game didnt mention which i needed to do such as how to feed and medicate the survivors on the train. the price for the game at its current state is a bit too high however i hope they add more contnent in the future maybe a survivial mode or a way of having more explorationthe game play consists of aound 10 minutes at each station and then 3 minutes tending to your trains needs and your survivors needs. while in the stations you can explore a small and limited area but kill around 30 zombies in each map most of these you have to  find enough ammo to kill however you can run trhough very easily if needed.the graphics is very nice and kinda pleasing to look at it has a nice retro feeling that definately suits the game. however if the game was for instance 3D it would look abit wierd due to how the game is layed outi dont mean to self adevertise here but check out my 1 hour long game play video to see if the game is worth your time or notconclusion: Buy on sale or when there is more content[url =https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHxdobMhN1o]
,Recommended,435530,25661799,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Halogod75,It's pretty good
76561198240599838,Recommended,435530,25657172,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Haverstash,"Awesome game! Despite not knowing what the heck was going on (story-wise) throughout the entire game. My overall adjective for the game is that it was weird, but a good weird. The pacing and game elements are unlike any game I had played prior.In my opinion, by not focusing on Hollywood-style CG graphics, you spend more time trying to stitch the story together. And thinking about play mechanics a bit more.For the price of a 2.5 hour movie, you get a lot more hours of entertainment out of it.After completing it once, I am wondering how hard it is to accomplish certain tasks 100%, like not dying once. In any case, a well-crafted game that you can play at your leisure."
,Recommended,435530,25853512,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,IBringTheFunk,"A fantastic side-scrolling action-adventure game. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll love and hate the people you rescue. Not massively replayable (bar achievements), but a highly memorable experience nonetheless!"
,Recommended,435530,25893324,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SkullBrother,"This game is amazing.  The story is so well littered around the levels for you to find, and you'll spend most of your time wondering just what is going on.  And the end, well, you need to see for yourself."
,Recommended,435530,25873423,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Boosh,"I grabbed this game as a pre-sale/pre-order for slightly cheaper than normal, but after playing it, I would absolutely recommend you wait until this game is wicked cheap. Summer Sale? Cyber Monday? This game was in my 'discovery queue' because I have Dead Pixels, a couple Resident Evils, Dead Rising, etc. Because zombies, or as the game says ""definately not zombies.""It's a challenging game with very fluid controls and enjoyable 8bit-style graphics. It's a lot of fun for what it is, but I think it's too short with too many translation problems and an abrupt ending to really call it a great game.At first, the first day, I opted to play it rather than sleep (pretty much at all) one night. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys games that have retro graphics with a very modern feel. I kept on keepin' on and powered through the game and now I'm sad it's over. I almost don't mind the ending but it felt so abrupt and just really made the game feel too short.Pros:- Controller support (full disclosure, I've only used an Xbox controller, I'm not sure if logitechs or older gamepads work with it)- Mouse aiming is more precise than controller, and the control schemes can easily be switched back and forth- Challenging at times, for sure, but certainly not the hardest thing you'll play in your life.- Interesting story, though it does suffer from a lack of exposition and possibly translation, leaving a lot to speculate what the fugg was actually going on.- I love the train dynamic. I loved the beginning and hearing the story through passengers.- Fun, well-designed train stops to explore. Really grabs the survival horror genre tone and feel, even if its 8bit-esque.Cons:- Tiny mini spoiler alert, I guess, bt the passengers you grab for your train, some of them are beat up to sh*t and no matter how many health packs I give them, they still rise up and join the choir invisible, and then I've wasted all those precious life-giving medkits for naught. NAUGHT I say. It takes a lot of medkit stockpiling and timing giving the medkit to th epassenger a split second before its iminent death.- There are not enough variations of ""not-zombies"" in the game. Even though the levels have a unique feel to them, they also have a lot of repetition to them. It can seem tedious because even though the beautifully pixel-rendered backgrounds are different, there's only so many ladders and doors and grey rooms you can go through before you want more variety than you get.- Abrupt, some would say lackluster, ending.- Suffers from a small lack of exposition or perhaps translation, to really have a cohesive story with a definitive ending.- It's normal price of 14.99 is NOT worth it. Get it on sale. I'm stil recommending the game. It's fun for what it is, it's just certainly not worth full price when Resident Evil 1, 0 & 4 are only $5 bucks more."
,Not Recommended,435530,26528617,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MooMooMilk,"Game was too short, the ending was god awful, but at least it had nice graphics. For $15, its not worth it.If they add some DLC (Free for those who paid the whole $15) and fixed the garbage ending, I would feel justified in recommending this game."
76561198065584247,Recommended,435530,25554925,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,InSpades,"Great game, I really enjoyed playing through it."
76561198145930115,Recommended,435530,25581145,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Franklin Roosevelt,"I enjoyed it, I liked how there was a train part and a zombie part, and breaks where there weren't any zombies. Pretty good."
76561197965402707,Recommended,435530,25580665,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Creepy,"Short version: It was a fun game but the ending might ruffle feathers.In broad strokes, the story is fine and it feels like there's something deeper but when you get to the details, it gets muddy and hard to understand. It doesn't help that while you're busy trying to maintain the train, there's a bunch of dialogue going on that might shed some light on what's going on. There are also story elements you might end up missing as you go through the level because full coverage is not actually necessary (but it can be helpful) in order to progress to the next.There isn't much to say about the gameplay itself. It's a side srcolling adventure-thing that isn't really complex. There are no character stats to keep track of and not a lot of inventory elements. Speaking of inventory, there isn't an inventory bag or anything like that. It's not necessary. You basically have Ammo (two types), Med Kits, Food, Money, and a bunch of odds and ends that you collect to make Med Kits and Ammo. Money has some use but the opportunity to use it is far and few.It's not a really long game but I wouldn't call it really short either.[VERY SLIGHT SPOILER REGARDING THE FIREARMS]:Okay, so you get a pistol and later you get a shotgun. You can also get a rifle/submachinegun at some point after that. If you really like your pistol, don't pick up the SMG because you'll lose your pistol and won't get it back. The SMG is pretty much a bullet hose but I *think* it starts losing some accuracy at a certain range when you go full auto. I'm not too sure on that part. I try to keep it single shot unless I'm under threat of being overwhelmed -and I didn't have the SMG for that long. It eats bullets relentlessly."
,Recommended,435530,25703305,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TYPO,"This is one of the like five games where I played it and had to sit back after finishing to go ""Damn, that all just happened.""  I would say my only gripe of a short 4 hours of gameplay can easily be squashed by the lore that went into this game and the feel of everything you have to try and do.  The game itself isn't too difficult with only one of my passengers dying.  The survival need feels real at every moment.When I finished all the stops and walked home they pulled even more surprises.  The cowboy hat guy was real, my daughter was hiding the whole time, and I ended up becoming one ofthemafter all I had done.Just about everything about this was fun.  If anything, I would like to see a sort of endless mode just to keep things going after the campaign."
76561198067363026,Recommended,435530,25729264,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,wisegal99,"This is a fun little game with some challenging areas.  Some people hate the ending, but it's okay.  It only took me a few hours to play, but I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,435530,26565663,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cutterino,The game was fantastic. But the ending was horrible.
76561198093173767,Recommended,435530,26564379,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,supergazelledolores,"Excellent, engaging, bleak sci-fi inside a retro game approach. I won't spoil the story other than to say it will leave you scratching your head. If you like everything cut and dried in a game story, this isn't for you. But if you like a little mystery and melancholy in your games, it's a blast. Well done by Tiny Build.Other reviews are right in saying that it's short - it took me 7 hours, but other have said it took 3-4. I can see their point, but I think of it this way - I can go see a movie with popcorn and that'll set me back $15 bucks for a couple hours of enjoyment, or I can play a haunting, thought-provoking sci-fi game made by an indie studio that I'll remember for a long, long time. I think it's more than worth it. Here's hoping for - if not a sequel - another game that allows us to explore the dark world of the Final Station."
76561198014785505,Recommended,435530,26619043,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,1911kevin,"This game was very fun and immersive even though it was fairly short.  Great creepy vibe, pixel art and challenge, was not too easy.  Well worth it!"
,Not Recommended,435530,26540028,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TunDeri,"Man, I thought it would be hard to get all the achievements. I'm feeling really let down by the lack of challenge. Also I think multiple endings could've been a nice thing. Maybe. Would've added some replay value to such short story. Overall for what this game is right now, I don't think it's worth more than 5€"
,Recommended,435530,26547387,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Madou,"I've seen some people mad at this game for what it sells itself as, so I'll clarify what it is:This game is story based. What you do is travel from station to station, all while fighting 'zombies' and rescueing passengers. Ths game has deep lore, although the ending was a bit disapointing.Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,435530,26550221,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Time Vault,"I saw where the last level would end pretty quickly, but it still managed to make me feel tense as I waited helplessly for it."
76561198044586446,Recommended,435530,26642374,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,EmperorZheng,"i really love the game so far take me about the whole day to finish it, but by rate of this game i say 8 out 10i like the level design and gameplay and the story too about, but if in the near future that had free DLC add-on maybe likesurvive mode saying how long will you do it and save many people, that would be awsome ^^and yes maybe had more craft system and weapons or even armor come with it will be goodanyway recommand pick this game =D it take the whole day to finish the game but it was worth itso how to see more new update or add-on for The Final Station to me it feel won't be finish ^^"
,Recommended,435530,26643323,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,konoshy831,I really enjoyed the ~ 4 hrs it took me to play this. I didn't get every achievement so it the time can vary. The visuals are wonderful. The backgrounds are artfully done and really give the feeling of a dystopian society as the game progresses. The fact that story is told through the conversations of the passengers on the train between stations is a nice touch.
,Recommended,435530,26696843,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Chekote,"Great game. I love the atmosphere and the way the story naturally unfolds.The combat is deceptively simple. There's lots of opportunity to use tactics and combine the various combat techniques in interesting ways to conserve ammo.I love the back and forth of maintaining the train and the passengers vs exploring the stations and scavenging for resources. Continually changing the pace and focus helps keep things interesting.Tip: To enjoy the game at it's best, don't use the crafting system, and don't sell anything you find. I found that this gave the perfect ballance of fun vs challenge."
76561197962656481,Recommended,435530,25829367,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Turk182,"A surprise gem for me in 2016. A bit short but saying that means you didn't want it to end, sign of a good game. Grab it when it's on special as full price may leave you feeling like you got shorted a bit."
,Not Recommended,435530,25815254,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lancer,"A fantastic idea, but ultimately a poor implimentation. The music, art, and atmosphere of the game are flat-out fantastic - but neither the story nor the gameplay are up to scratch.As the trailer depicts, the final station is split, game-play wise, into two parts. The first part sees you in command of a train as it travels an apocalyptic world between stations. This would be a fantastic opportunity to impliment some management sim gameplay elements - diverting power to different parts of the train, or fixing problems. Arguably, the last station has all of this - but no *choices*, no decisions. The train carriages all have various parts that break down, such as an air filter. To fix it, all you need to do is walk up to it and press a button. No mini game, no decisons with trade-offs, no resource use. You just walk up to the problem and press a button. If anything the mechanic is actively annoying as it takes you away from eevesdropping on your passangers, who all have well-wriitten dialouge that tells you about the world. It would have been fantastic to have a bit more of a management sim element here, but as it is, it falls flat.  (There is a power management system - so some mechanics are there, just no reason to use it because you never go over power, and there are (as far as i know), no upgrades i missed)The management that does exist - giving medkits and food to you passangers when they are low - again falls flat. Given the abundance of these supplies, it becomes just another thing you have to do with no kind of thought or decision making.The second part sees you stopping at a station to explore it and collect supplies. The combat mechanics are smooth, simple, and work - no complaints there. You have a handful of guns, that you choose to shoot a handful of enemies. If you run out of ammo (you won't), or are going for an achivement, you can use chairs, toilets and boxes to kill enemies.But the station sections have the same flaw as the train sections - as the player, you are never in a position where you need to make a meaningful decision about exploration. You simply go from the start of the level to the end, picking up what you find on the way. There is no point where you can ask yourself 'Do I go further and risk using more ammo/medkits/death for more sipplies, or do I turn back safe with what I have?' (and without more involved train management, I'm not sure what supplies you'd look for anyway - ammo, food, and medkits are so abundant they may as well be infinite by default.)  Because of this, there is no risk-reward payoff scheme in the game, no motivation to explore places you might not otherwise go (and indeed, those places do not exist) and no exta-challenging sections you can brag about getting past.The counterpoint to my cirticisms might be that I'm simply asking for a different game. There are no exploration or management sim elements - but why should there be, this is a different kind of game. This may or may not be a fair criticism - I'll let you decide based on what I've said and your own impressions - but it leads me to ask, without those elements, what else is left for The Final Station?Not much. Gameplay wise, it falls flat in almost every respect, with the smooth & simple combat being the only commendable thing, but certianly not enough to make a game. What about the story?A lot of people in other reviews and on the forums are complaining about the story being confusing, and I would have to agree. The end comes as an unexpected shock - and not a shock from a twist, more like the credits began to roll half-way though with no part 2. Nothing was resolved - there was no climax - it just, suddenly, ended. Maybe that was the point.I will admit, I played the game in 10 minute (the time it takes to beat one level) a day blocks over two months or so, and that probably contibuted to my not understanding the plot. Imagine watching a movie 10 minutes at a time for two months - you might get the basics, but a lot of the detail is going to be lost.Overall,  given the effort put into the music, art, and atmosphere, the The Final Station could have made a fantastic pixel-art movie. As a game, however, it falls flat. If you are still interested in it, wait for a < $5 sale and then sit down to play it all in one go, 3-4 hours. It'll be an enjoyable, atmopsheric experience, but nothing that requires much thought or involvement.All that said, I would probably have paid full price for a screensaver of the train rolling across the various pixel art backgrounds. If you ever need an example of how good pixel art can look, The Final Station would not be a bad place to start."
,Recommended,435530,25461776,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tom-Eric,"The final station is a side-scrolling survival game that tells the story of a train conducter delivering special cargo to various stations around the world. During your travels you'll find survivors that can travel with you on your train, but you will have to take care of them by providing them with aid and food.Don't go into this game expecting a FTL light or a 2D open world survival game. The game is a nice mix of various genres but only really shines in it's storytelling. It is also a very linear experience that will try to do it's best to get you until the end by using save points. Ammo and first-aid kits are definitely limited though, so don't go wasting them!Even with the limits of it's 2D pixelated art, it manages to show a world that's aware of it's impending doom but tries to keep going anyway. Through the conversations the survivors have during your train rides and newspapers you can buy in towns that are still operating, you get a small idea of what's causing the coming apocalypse and what mankind is doing to try to stop it. Even though you have a role to play in that plan, this is mostly a story about you, the conducter.Unfortunately, the ending leaves you with many unanswered questions and the game could really use an epilogue to explain a bit more, but overall I quite enjoyed it."
76561198079606831,Recommended,435530,25443833,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Asian Dumpring,"A pretty simple game. Not as centered around your moral decisions as the game blurb would have you believe. You just sort of run through each level, open all the doors, and shoot stuff. The only tricky part is that ammo is occasionally scarce so you need to be conservative with it. I was disapointed because it wasn't as great as I was hoping it would be, but the game is still worth playing."
76561198165277199,Recommended,435530,25465465,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dflorey,"Terrific game. Haven't finished it yet, but it's a great story that keeps you wanting to know what happens next. Gameplay, as other reviewers have said, is pretty basic, but it does become more difficult over time, and there are a few different mechanics you have to master. If you're not expecting AAA gameplay and want a compelling story set in an interesting, thoughtfully illustrated world, it's very much worth your time and money. Highly recommended."
76561198042138384,Recommended,435530,25437544,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Trampington O'Hobo,"The good: Great atmosphere, genuinely creepy in some places. Exploration is rewarding. On foot in the towns and stations, gameplay is fun. Combat is solid and fun, with a surprising amount of variety for just a few basic enemy types. Levels are really well designed.The less good: The translation isn't the best, so the dialogue is sometimes weird and incomprehensible. It's kind of amusing and charming, but it makes it hard to follow the story at times. The game is really short. I managed to beat it in under 4 hours. I don't think it's a problem. It's short, to the point, and never wears out its welcome. Some people may hesitate to pay full price for such a short game, though.The bad: On the train, gameplay is very tedious. You constantly have to keep tabs on survivors who seem determined to starve or bleed to death. It's less This War of Mine and more Tamagotchi. One part of your train will always be on the fritz, and fixing it is a boring and repetitive chore. A handful of moments in the on-foot sections can be cheap and frustrating, especially when you have to deal with enemies waiting for you in a small room at the bottom of a ladder.The overall: Good! ... for the most part. It's certainly worth playing."
,Not Recommended,435530,25429546,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tyquanda,"The devs should release 3-5 DLC packs for free to make this game what it should be.The ""tutorial stations"" are literally so long - that by the time I got to the first shadow people stations, I was already bored of the game. Sick first 40minutes as far as atmosphere goes - not a sick game in any sense of what gaming should be. Nice atmospheres are also set by music, movies, candles and sex.""Managing the riders on your train"" is like a.. mini-game. That's not even fun. It's like a Warioware mini-game, so it would be cool if this game was on a 3DS or something, 10 years ago.The mainplay will get repetitive very quickly for most people. Needs more of... everything, really.Great concept, really poor execution. Someone will make a better version of this soon enough if the devs don't fix their concept."
,Recommended,435530,25432688,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,GoldBacon,"I recommend this game, but it's being represented wrong, the train part is mostly trivial, while the story is very linear. The only real changes are if you grab all the supplies and have everyone survive (I actually had only one death). There's very little replayability. One thing that I think should be DLC would be alternate endings based on who dies or lives on your train, because for all I know, theres only one ending :(."
76561198075528322,Recommended,435530,26194295,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kurisu,"This is a hard game to put a review on. Was I hyped for it? Yes. Did I get what I was expecting? Sort of. The gameplay from the Beta was the same good stuff that I had seen. But complaints about price and length hold strong. I would LOVE additonal content for free (Partially because I had paid 15 dollars for a 5 hour game and because I'm a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.) or at even better, workshop.I can say I enjoyed the game. Very atmospherical. As much as the plot was lacking, I liked the mysterious aspect of it. And I'm a sucker for trains. But my opinon on the main selling point of the game stands as: it could have been more. Half of the time I missed dialogue from the NPCs as I managed the train. Managing the train was little more than clicking a few buttons. I think it would have been a nice touch to include more flexibility with where you wanted to go. But I do admit, the feeling of running on your last supply, hoping the next stop holds humans was quite a feeling.Gameplay wise, a small problem was still apparent. If the enemy were camping a ladder, there was nothing much you could do. The pistol for most of the game was sort of bland, and most of the time I just held down the melee button and slammed them down. The assault rifle came way too late into the game in my opinion. More gameplay features could have been added.Story wise, again, was lacking. But the atmosphere partially made up for it. The errie silence of a civilization broken down by an unknown force. A lone man tackling these monsters as he rides his train in a strange world, off to The Guardian.Overall. I liked the game a lot. But is it worth 14.99? Even though I am giving this a positive review, my answer stands very in between. The game was worth playing to me. But for what it offered and had, I'm not sure if I feel like I got scammed or not. There's little replay value. I really don't know. If I had a choice to, I'd probably just watch a gameplay of it. But nonetheless, a good game."
76561198163452957,Not Recommended,435530,25268384,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pikachu,"Overpriced for what it is. It looks and sounds good, but it was just to short for my liking. Get it during a sale if you want to try it."
,Not Recommended,435530,25859204,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sotonest,"The game is misrepresented. It is completely linear with no replay value. The story was interesting but you learn nothing substantial in the end. I feel like the developers set out to do something with more depth in both gameplay and story and then just sort of went ""meh, whatever"". Definitely not satisfied and not recommending."
76561198170200602,Recommended,435530,26041300,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,zanenash663,Great game. Fun gameplay and engrossing story.
76561197973430201,Recommended,435530,28617157,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,wombatforhire,"Well worth playing.  Sure, there's not a ton of complexity to the gameplay - moving, activating devices, shooting, reloading.But that's just fine.  Really.  This game is an experience, with enough combat to make you feel like you're participating, and there's plenty to recommend here.  Sure, as other reviewers have mentioned, the script can be just a tad awkward in bits due to a less than 100% perfect translation, but it is plenty close enough.I would wholeheartedly recommend The Final Station."
76561198256328094,Recommended,435530,28608619,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Mute,"Over-all time I spent: around 4 hrs (I'm the kind of crazy map-exploring type player, spent 3hr for finishing the plot, 1hr for exploring hidden clues/endings which never exist.) An apocalyptic type of game, a little shooting, some resource/task managing, and a lot of clue searching and storyboarding. Nice atmosphere building.Pro:-	Interesting storyboarding; it leaves the puzzle to you.-	Awesome ambient and background music was enjoyable and kicked in strongly in late game.Con:1.	Battles and map-exploring might seem slightly redundant in middle of game for most people (and please delete this game if you’re expecting some Over-Watch stuff.)2.	There seems to be so much potential in the game that I kinda felt dissapointed to see the ending. But the team intentionally make it this way. (and as I stated above in point 1 I really lack interest to explore for any other hidden/missed possibilities right after finishing the game…)3.	Not sure if it’s worth it at full price (I purchased this at Xmas sales.)Over-all遊戲時間: 3.7hr (3hr完成故事, 1hr瘋狂找不存在的隱藏要素)末日生存類的小遊戲, 一點戰鬥, 一點資源分配, 超多探索跟劇情拼湊... 音樂與音效與劇情搭配後勁很強; 戰鬥稍嫌平淡重複性高 (如果你希望全世界遊戲都是O陣特攻拜託快逃) 整體上來說稍微有點失望, 因為1. 劇情太隱晦讓人容易期待有伏筆, 結果應該是都沒有, 讓人感嘆""可惜了"" 2. 就算隱約感覺有隱藏要素, 戰鬥與探索過程也讓人有點沒動力重新來一局, 3. 遊戲性原價恐怕讓人有點卻步"
76561198235124200,Recommended,435530,28683784,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr.Crow,"Fun game, but the story was somewhat confusing.  I still liked it though"
76561198042739345,Recommended,435530,28690771,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SarcasticFitz,"Great game, but feels short. Heres hoping for future expansion =)"
,Recommended,435530,28576695,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,praguepride,"Very engaging side scrolling shooter (kind of). The creepy setting combined with extremely minimal resources (very limited food/bullets/medkits) means you have to be very strategic and tactical when combing for supplies.The story and atmosphere aer both very strong and I really enjoyed how there were ""breather"" levels where you could relax and see first hand what you're fighting so hard for.Overall the plot and answers to mysteries are present however as a whole you're playing a low level grunt so nobody sits there and TELLS you what is happening, you have to piece it together from snippets overheard from other people and lore gathered while scavenging. That said there are a lot of gaps in the storyline open to interpretation and the forums are buzzing with threads with titles like WHAT DOES IT MEAN?Overall very satisfactory and fun. The only complaint I have is that the levels are not procedurally generated so after a single playthrough you can storm through the levels knowing which rooms you can bypass and which enemies are going to assault you next. That being said, a second playthrough to help piece together parts of the storyline you may have missed would not be remiss."
,Recommended,435530,28497285,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Peachicus,"A solid 10/10 for creativity and story telling, it maybe short and sweet but its a real treat. the music and art style is amazing and setting is also great.If you're looking for a platformer/story game this is for you. It's a really good game."
76561198141538058,Recommended,435530,28506624,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Andulos,"Really enjoyed this game for the most part. The music is really interesting and fitting. The controls are pretty easy (if you die it tends to be your fault) and smooth. Game isn't too complicated. I would almost call it a story with game elements if not for the rage panic I get everytime something happens in the game that horrifies/startles me.The only problem I noticed (and it's kind of a major one) is the NIGHTMARISH dialogue/translation. The speech/dialogue isn't realllly key to the game/story but some parts of it are so badly translated it's just unreadable/unintelligible. For how ""trippy"" the game is it almost fits but you can tell it's REALLY obviously not done intentionally. Needs a major patch asap fixing the multitude of dialogue/translation errors.TLDR: Great game, Great music, spoopy as well at times. Nightmarish translation of dialogue. I'd give it a solid 8/10I would probably normally give it a 10/10 but my god some of the dialogue is so painfully unreadable I just can't."
,Recommended,435530,28481334,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Regicidalnut,"You will spend around 5-6 hours playing through this game. And for an indie game with a low price tag that is pretty good. The story isn't spoon-fed to you, and is best learned by fully exploring the different stations and reading into the details of the background and character speech. The gameplay is incredibly smooth and very well animated. Minus some translation errors between Russian and English the text reads well enough to understand what is going on. If you can piece together the story you're in for a treat.Definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,435530,28294128,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,--NTW--,"What a game. I never have played a game that I finishedthe same day I bought it that made me feel so many emotions with a twist ending for the ages. Definitely one of the best games I have played from 2016.The game has its slip-ups and stressful times but in general, its a very good game. However, the game ended up making me say ""WTF is going on?"" as it got to the ending. But the ending was good, and I recommend that people should play this game.Best 100kr I have spent on Steam."
,Recommended,435530,28358368,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SuicidalPuppy,I loved playing this game it has an amazing story although i dont agree with its $15 price tag but its still a good experience but one bad note is that you never get to see what the character you are controlling says you only hear what other people say which i think can make whats going on confusing sometimes.overall I deffinatly suggest trying this game out if you enjoy a good story.
76561198192630479,Recommended,435530,28359374,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Askey,"Fantastic game, good gameplay, good soundtrack, isnt dragged out too long and a captivating story.Some people have expressed dissapointment for the ending but personally I thought the ending was good. I really enjoyed this and I hope the developer is planning on creating more games.10/10 for what it is and totally worth the price."
76561197983683211,Recommended,435530,31247786,Posted: 19 April,all,Jorona,This is more of a mode of delivery for a story then a game. Worth 5 bucks in my opinion. Engrossing while it lasted.
76561198061220806,Recommended,435530,31249597,Posted: 19 April,all,m1k3y0n3,this was a game i could not put down. i literaly played it right through. this was deep and dark and disturbing. this game keeps you hooked the whole time. 100% recomend this to everyone. best game ever.
76561198011517354,Recommended,435530,31246691,Posted: 19 April,all,oranmoten,"The Final Station achieves everything it sets out to do, with no small amount of finesse. Mechanically tight and satisfying, melancholically atmospheric, and a narrative that sets you as a minute but emblematic element of a large, intriguing and purposefully obfuscated world.The gameplay is split into two distinctive elements. One is exploring an environment for resources, snippets of story, and passcodes needed to progress while combatting zombie-like creatures. The combat isn't difficult, but rather asks you questions, which finding the answer to is satisfying without being punishing. While I don't particularly enjoy punishing combat anyway, my appreciation of how combat feels in The Final Station is in it's tonal consistency with the narrative. The feel and progression of the combat mirrors that of the emotional narrative. It feels laconic and rhythmic, almost meditative as you come to terms with the slowly unfolding and declining world. This element of the gameplay feels satisfying not just in and of itself, but especially so because of how it compliments the narrative and tone, contributing to an overall game that is more accomplished than the sum of it's parts.The other element of the gameplay is akin to plate-spinning, keeping parts of your train and your passengers from breaking down, which while not as satisfying as the other gameplay elements, does do the same thing in terms of feeling consistent and complimentary to the narrative. However, it is also complimentary to the exploration and combat element. It punctuates the exploration and combat sections, which breaks up the gameplay and gives a sense of space and lets the game breathe. In this way it reminds me of the relationship between traversal and combat in open world games, whereby the traversal punctuates the combat, building tension and giving the player room to shift their focus, and giving a sense of importance to the combat.The narrative is more emotional or tonal than it is driven by character or plot. Aside from the fact that I think this has been done very effectively in The Final Station, I think this focus is very clever on the part of the developer. Personally, I have found that videogame narratives are typically weakest when they are driven primarily by character or plot, especially when compared to other mediums of narrative fiction such as film or literature. There are many reasons for this, such as the burden being beholden to gameplay mechanics, a lack of artistic talent or vision in studios, but I won't digress. The fundament of The Final Station's success is that it relies on and explores the strengths of the medium. The game achieves a satisfying, affecting, and resonant emotional and tonal narrative through the complimentary uses of gameplay and world-building, with sparing use of plot and character. All of which would be for nought if that narrative was not interesting, compelling, believable, or satisfying.The narrative of The Final Station is successful because it eskews another weakness of videogames as a medium, in my opinion. That weakness being the use of grand, epic stories with the player character at the centre. This trope in videogames has been as bland and unsatisfying for as long as it has been in film, the medium it borrowed the trope from. Particularly satisfying in The Final Station, however is the fact that more than just avoid it, it is uses this trope as a foil, and borrows it's cache to do something more interesting. In the game, the blockbuster, epic, sci-fi story is happening just out of sight. It does so literally at times to do so figuratively, with the high budget scenes from the trailer happening just after you leave or before you arrive. In one particularly emblematic moment, what is happening in the blockbuster is literally to big for you to see as you pass by. This contributes to the sense of helplessness and pessimism of the emotional narrative, but also says something about the experience of ordinary people in the grand narratives of our world. Things really are too big and complex for us to comprehend. We are not the key players in the great games of history. We are largely powerless, changing ourselves to adjust to the world around us rather than changing it, spinning plates and just keeping our heads above water until the inevitable and categorically unepic moment of our passing."
76561198001474235,Recommended,435530,31257269,Posted: 20 April,all,Jonny Lightfoot,Solid 4-5 hours of platforming gameplay. A good story.My only complaint is that it was far too easy.
76561197970460379,Recommended,435530,31249904,Posted: 19 April,all,Lovejoy,I wish I had bought this game sooner.  I was put off by a few negative opinions but I very much enjoyed the story and gameplay.It isn't a difficult game but it flows very well and reaches a satisfying conclusion.Well worth buying.
76561197997296738,Recommended,435530,25579275,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jupiter King,"It did a very good job at scratching that indie game itch, however this game must have had most of its content cut before release... Is it a ""Post-apocalyptic train simulator + zombie shooter,"" no....  just a side scrolling zombie shooter with some minigame train thing.  Does it have move then 30 stations and railway levels, no (unless you count the backgrounds).  Narrative Environment?  Yes, the story is a bit broken but I quite enjoyed it.tl;dr if its 50% off and you have cash to burn, I would buy it"
,Recommended,435530,31248832,Posted: 19 April,all,Fluffy,"You see a lot of games coming out these days dealing with end times, the moral dilemmas, but they leave you out of that ""survivor"" state where yo u're also fighting against your environment, as well as dealing with the fact the world is crumbling around you.A huge amount of minor details, tons of mini-stories, characters, interactions, discoverables, etc. allow this game to have a surprising depth I didn't expect when I jumped in figuring it was something akin' to an endless runner.thoughts:Art 10/10, though there were many dark scenes,most things were easily discernable, great backgrounds, huge amount of detail to items fore, and background. This came in to play extra for me as i've a bit of color blindness so picking things out can sometimes be problematic.The pixelated style definitly didn't stop these guys from making things look  great. Theres a distinct feel you get depending on where in the game you are entirely based off your environment.The little touches, like the extra frame when you're readying a melee attack with a weapon, showing you in that braced position, viewing the gun from a different angle, it almost looks like the gun itelf is in 3d at that point ,just breathes life into it. kinda like those little battery powered fake sleeping kittens that pretend to breathe. (besides the point)Gameplay: 9/10, Controls were tight, weapons and interactables behaved well. Minor issue with me giving a medpack to somebody, but them dying anyways, but solid gameplay, tight controls, everything behaves ""as you'd expect"" you're not left baffled by why a thing did what it didGAME FEEL: 10/10 as i'd stated, it really nails in that end of times end of humanity feel, evokes deep thought, but keeps things light enough that it still feels like you're playing a platformer.I'm in no way good with ANYTHING spooky, so a few times i found myself turning back, waiting a little make sure its safe before nutting up and forging onward. Atmospheric, the music and sound direction is well done, really pulls the feel of the game together.Closing Notes: Again, i'm just loving the sheer amount of discoverables, details, little notes you find, they really flush out the world, and the characters as at a glance, things seem kinda ""Flat"" (get it? 2d? eyyy) but still, if you have an afternoon / evening to burn, this game is really great for that, it really draws you in.I picked it up on sale and felt not only did I get my money's worth, but then some, and therefore am gonna be gifting a few to my friends for them to enjoy too.9.776/10Absolutely Phenomenal."
,Recommended,435530,31348814,Posted: 24 April,all,Sime Bamidele,"Everything looked nice and it played really well, the beginning was great but after a while it became more of a slog to play through and the ending left a lot to be desired. I bought it on sale for $5 or so and i'm glad I didn't pay any more for it, its about 4 hours long and it had next to no replay value. Get this if you think you'll like it, if you're on the fence i'd wait until it goes on sale."
76561197989808597,Recommended,435530,31349485,Posted: 24 April,all,Mr. Bay,Fantastic game! Very fun. Maybe only worth 5-10$ . Get it on sale. Only major concern is the some what short story and no endless mode.
,Recommended,435530,31276408,Posted: 21 April,all,Luscious Llama,"Very cool game! If you like the atmosphere of games like Limbo and The Inside, you will simply love this game ^_^"
76561198139154871,Recommended,435530,31355439,Posted: 25 April,all,riccardo.conturbia,"Cool little game. A little bit too ""obscure"" for the sake of obscurity, but still worthy to play (maybe not at full price)"
,Recommended,435530,32715446,Posted: 24 June,all,Tamerlane,"The game is simplistic but still somewhat enjoyable with it's simple point and shoot gameplay but resource management is not as crucial as one would think in a post apocalyptic setting like this.Each level after the intro starts on the train. The player will manage whatever survivor's they've picked up with regards to tehir health and hunger while also managing the train's life support system via a balancing mini-game on one of the train's consoles.Finish a certain amount of levels and it will end that chapter. Exploration is quite basic with 99% of the levels. Move to the right, then underground and backtrack to the left towards the train going through previously locked doors. You need to obtain the keycode in order for the train to proceed to the next level.Earn money by picking up survivors and bringing them along until the end of that chapter. They don't help on the train and some survivors are ulitmately not worth the medkits and food.Pickup scraps for crafting Ammo and Medkits. There is no inventory system, crafting is simple and starightforward accessed through the train's console.Money earned can be use to purchase a small amount of medkits and ammo from the station at the end of the chapter. Might as well spend as much money since you'll only encounter these end chapters only a few times.Enemies come in predictable variety. Slow, fast, faster, heavy and the exploding kind. Combat melee consists of light attack and a charged attack which the game doesn't seem to pickup too well on a mouse. Guns are powerful but have limited ammo and lack variety or decent upgrades. There are only three guns in the game. Some items like chairs or gas barrels can be picked up and thrown at the enemy.Overall, it's very story driven and the story is quite intriguing in the early parts. However, it starts to lose cohesiveness near the end. Went from post apocalyptic slash dystopia to sci-fi body snatchers to ""All in your head"" interpretation. Gameplay can become repetitive but the presentation does makeup for it a bit.It could definitely be better but it's not a bad purchase for Steam's Summer Sale."
,Recommended,435530,32751413,Posted: 24 June,all,Ŵings Ỗf Γedemption,Hard game yet very fun
,Recommended,435530,32775090,Posted: 25 June,all,XpGamer1224,Well what can i say. I loved this game and i still do the story was great the characters were all great and especially the concept. barely ever do i get a tear in my eye for a game But this was one of them. This game is one of the best pixelated games i have ever played. And i will always love this game for ever. if your Reading this what are you waiting for? Get it and you will understand what im talking about. Thanks Devs.
,Recommended,435530,32733246,Posted: 24 June,all,CosmicDan.com,"It's not a ""survival"" game as prominently displayed in the tags (well, survival in the sense that you need to avoid dying - like almost every game) but a story-driven narrative. Set in a utilitarian near-future society that has endured an earth-changing event, the game succeeds completely in suspending disbelief and immersing you into the setting in spite of the pixel-art style that has made that difficult for me in the past. In fact, i'd even be so daring as to say the pixel art is of benefit to the story telling as it lets your imagination fill in the blanks (if you read books then you'll probably see what I mean).Horror? I suppose, very soft though. I’d say it’s far more a thriller and mystery. I got a few “wtf” moments but the only jump scares were the kind you get from any game with action.If you like story-driven games on alternate history, science-fiction, post-apocalypse and mystery, just get it – you won’t be disappointed, take it from a gamer in his 30’s with almost 700 games in his Steam library – this is NOT like other modern games, it is truly a work of art and it reall appealed to my nostalgia. The game may be short but the 4-5 hours you’ll get out of it will be awesome quality – compare it to seeing a great movie at a cinema, only better (I don’t care too much for the cinema).If, however, you are one of those people who NEEDS to get closure on mysteries, you might consider giving this a pass as the many open questions you'll be left with will annoy you (and I also feel sorry for you).With that said, I really hope the developers/write make more games set in this universe. They really have a knack for it."
,Recommended,435530,32754505,Posted: 24 June,all,For Sale: Fortnite 20 Bucks,"Finished it in just 5.2 hrs. Very nice story if you get it. Its told rather haphazardly and assumes you can put 1 and 1 together. Bottom line is; welcome to the apocolypse. On your (very linear) adventure youll come across many things that yell conspiracy and potential to a very indept story. However the most anti climatic part isnt just the ending, though befitting the title perfectly. Its not being able to see how everything you come across actually all ties together.The question is will additional DLC tie all the stories completing the puzzle? And show you the full image of this apocalypse?I bought at discount, im not sure I consider it worth at full price. Don't expect a FTL rogue like game!! This is a very linear story, and appears to have 0 replay value. But worth playing once (at discount)."
,Recommended,435530,32774352,Posted: 25 June,all,Cai,"It's about 5-6 hours long and 2-3 on the DLC for a first run though. There are extra acheivements that encourage multiple playthroughs.The story is excellent, the art style is nice and the music is fantastic. All three of these combine to create a wonderful atmosphere whilst playing.The world building is very good. It's not forced upon you as you play the game but you find numerous items and extra conversations which add to the world. I want to know so much more about this world after playing this game. I love a book or some form or guide that clears up a lot that's presented in this game.I picked this up on sale, but it's worth full price.Buy it, play it.Seriously."
,Recommended,435530,32763980,Posted: 25 June,all,Capri,"I loved the game to be honest, but it was far too short for me. I ended up being quite disappointed by the ending but overall I reccomend it."
,Recommended,435530,32749926,Posted: 24 June,all,Smitty,"Loved the music, art style and story itself. id say more, but it would spoil it."
76561197988048931,Recommended,435530,32771766,Posted: 25 June,all,Reaktor,"Bit short (~4 hours), but very athmospheric. Good bang for buck for the price of 5€ . Unfortunately quite a bit of story was left unanswered and tranlations seemed a bit off. Still, it's a good sample of what can be archieved with simply using classic 2D scenery."
76561198122439527,Not Recommended,435530,28989595,Posted: 3 January,all,Gobby,"Not really a survival game, just a platformer with a few persistent resources. Most of the game is pretty, but occasionally you see a background image with drastically lower quality than everything else and you double take.The plot is atrocious, but the atmosphere and mood are stellar throughout, so as a story its nice.There's essentially no gameplay. E to interact a few times, point and click to shoot all the things, hold down walk key for 30 min and you're done. Levels were pretty but linear. No puzzles and rarely any side content. There were a few points I felt proud of myself because I was able to skip enemies by backtracking through the level instead of completing the loop, but once I realized that resources aren't scarce or precious, I realized all I did was skip content."
76561197979421650,Not Recommended,435530,28971820,Posted: 3 January,all,Syte,Great game if it had more than 4 hours of gameplay. Really short and a very unsatisfying ending.
76561198093232656,Not Recommended,435530,28960840,Posted: 2 January,all,[UG] Cfig99,"The videos and screenshots gave me a good impression so I was like:""Ill play for an hour or so, and if I dont like it, ill return it""(Mild Spoilers)I start playing and start getting more, and more wrapped up in the scenario. An alien attack? People turning into either black, slimey zombie-like things, or white eyed super humans. A government project - ""The Guardian"" - to save humanity. Military bases with secrets that make you doubt what you've heard from people in the cities, and surviviors you've rescued? Despite the gameplay being repetitive, cool.But then I reach the end...Your train (which has protected you from the ""infection"" or ""medicine"" (as referred to from the white-eyed hunter looking person) because of its advanced engine created from the technology taken from the ""Aliens"" in the ""First Arrival"" (or first alien attack), you walk for several minuets and arrive at the town you started in, puking black goo every few steps (while a bunch of white eyed people seem not to mind) and seeing the white eyed hunter-guy every few minuets. You then arrive back at your house and walk through a pink room with hearts on the walls, a giant teddy bear, and a picture of a little girl and a conductor (probably you, because you are a conductor and this is YOUR house). And the hunter guy is waiting for you and says ""Ill take care of her..."" and shoots you as YOU turn into the black zombie-like monsters you have been killing throughout the game.A dozen questions, most of them go without an answer, and you die.I really hope they either add more to the game, or come out with a DLC or another game that continues on this and actually explains what is going on."
,Recommended,435530,28776582,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,| MannBeeerPigg |,"The game is really nice, great gameplay and interesting story. Kinda short though, but a great experienceA DLC would be great"
,Recommended,435530,28814638,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Clemroc,"A nice little gem!The old-school pixel graphics are neat and tidy, and fit well with the style and narrative of the game.This 2D side-scroller has a very intuitive and pleasant gameplay, which provides an interesting and refreshing (albeit not difficult) adventure.The story is quite interesting, and every level we keep getting little pieces of information (either through short scrap-notes or conversations) about the story and universe of this game.Great indie games like these is what makes me happy to still be gaming :)"
,Recommended,435530,28816134,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MayTwim,"I love how the story unfold. It's like a suspence movie you want to learn more. I'm not a big fan of text in game, but dialogues are very short (like SMS). Super easy to switch between controller and keyboard (by pressing one button on either the keyboard or controller). It's a great game for entertainment and shooting at stuff."
,Recommended,435530,28914073,Posted: 1 January,all,PoonOfDemise,Absolutely Fantastic.Story takes multiple playthrus to really understand everything that is going on.Management of supplies really puts you in a position of what passenger to save.Ending is fantastic and ive seen information from the dev that there will be dlc which is extremely interesting.would like to see the story be a little easier to understand and with that being the only downside id give this game a7/10still a fantastic game and score might go up depending on dlc
,Recommended,435530,28885888,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Neon Sheep,"What a delightful game!The story doesn't quite come through fully at the end, but the atmosphere, the mechanics, and some superb music and soud work make this a tense and very fun experience.Minor quibble - I didn't realize until VERY late in the game that you are able to craft on the train (which would have helped me save many people). Partly my fault, but the game gave me no indication that I was even missing something."
,Recommended,435530,28884480,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pixel,"I've played abut 5 hours at tis point and I love it so far.  Definitely worth the money and time.  Everything about this game is very captivating and extremely well done from what I can tell so far.  If you like this style of game, go ahead and buy it already."
76561198039447799,Recommended,435530,28924476,Posted: 1 January,all,Red,"A simple, dark game - a lot of fun especially for a casual gamer."
,Recommended,435530,28927811,Posted: 1 January,all,Praise Of Deph,"A really interesting game. Feels like something deep is going on in the background which keeps you wanting to continue. Ended a little abruptly but was thoroughly enjoyable. Visuals are very well done, especially in the backgrounds. Would recommend again and again."
,Recommended,435530,28870383,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mosaic,"This is a tough game to review. It's not perfect, it has some flaws. Even glaring flaws, like the poor translations which make some parts hard to understand. And the ending, which I felt left a lot unanswered. Especially about the world and what was going on. Not to mention that the main way of learning the story is listening to your passengers, but that's made quite difficult because you have to take care of them and your train. So you miss out on a lot of backstory.But it's also a fantastic looking game. I can honestly say that these are some of the best pixel graphics I've ever laid my eyes on. Better than some bigger budget games with more modern graphics. Plus for me I really enjoyed the gameplay. The running around and shooting just felt good to me. The world is interesting and I wanted more of it. In the end I will recommend because I just had fun, even if I felt like it was tough to get the full story of this game. For the visuals, the gameplay, and world atmosphere I think it's worth a look."
76561198065834500,Recommended,435530,28864430,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,REDKloud,"Reminds me of Heart of Darkness novel, the deeper we go in the story, in the stations and the path, the darker it gets and the crazyer it gets.Nice well done atmosphere, is just hard to keep the attention on the passengers when riding the train, because you have the repairs and you have to get food or medic kits for them and you loose the dialogue but I enjoyed the game"
76561198101177134,Recommended,435530,28842487,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,D o i n t s,Good story with a great soundtrack
76561197970697627,Recommended,435530,28844124,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dj_madspin,I just played the game to the end and I must say I really enjoyed it.
76561198030766238,Not Recommended,435530,28850563,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cnc_dogma,"The ending was absolutely terrible. The mechanics are mediocre, the combat is kind of bad, the story is disjointed but left me interested. However the end did not explain anything. The effect was to make you feel that everything you were working toward was completely pointless. Don't waste your time on this one. It never lives up to its promise."
76561198031089378,Recommended,435530,28851239,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Poet,Amazing story but can easily be skipped if you run through it without talking to npcs or reading articles. gameplay gets a little repititive over time but not enough to tarnish it 8/10
,Recommended,435530,29124214,Posted: 8 January,all,deafdumbandblind,Fanastic! Set in a dystopian environment with gentle reminders about Snowpiercer. Highly recommended!
76561198042079707,Recommended,435530,29135436,Posted: 8 January,all,Grape Giraffe,Loved it.10/10
76561197970531020,Recommended,435530,28735236,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CÆLEN,"Really nice look and feel to the game, enjoyable gameplay nothing amazing or revoloutionary but the nice blend of the action/horrorish survival with the train scenes was pretty cool imo.The story whilst feeling like its missing some important stuff the game gives you just enough to work out whats going on and that adds a layer of mystery which makes the story very captivating.My only real complaint is that at around 5 hours long and not huge amounts of replayability its probably a bit too expensive, but i'd say definitely worth picking up if its on sale for closer to $8-10.I payed around $ 9.89 and thats probably about the most i'd want to spend on it. Great game but a bit too short"
,Recommended,435530,31822648,Posted: 18 May,all,a Smooth Criminal,"I always try to take time to give games like this a little review.After traveling from station to station and transporting one mysterious parcel after the other for the government, I found myself heading up a mountain to get the blocker code that would allow my train– and my four injured passengers– safe passage to Metropole. In my pistol, I had three bullets. In my bag, two med kits– both of which I needed to save if I wanted my passengers to make it to the end of the line.Blood stains the hallway I walk through. The dining room is suspiciously clean, but as I open the door, human shaped monstrosities race towards me.This isn’t a battle, though; it’s a puzzle, and I have three moves in the barrel of my gun.Quick Run-Down:This game costs about $15 on steam, but regularly goes on sale for $5.It’s about 4 hours long when you’re running at a brisk pace– I could see someone who’s a completion taking 5 to 6 hours to complete it.It’s a 2D shooter/platformer (though I’d consider it more of a puzzle platformer).The Good:Really easy to pick up! This game is welcoming to “casual” and “hardcore” gamers alike, providing a wonderful atmosphere that’s not overtly terrifying. A lot of what you know of the world comes from reading, so if you’re not a fan of that kind of exposition, you’ll be in the long haul for the 2D root-n-toot-n-point-n-shoot gameplay.I mention the fear factor specifically because I, like many of you (probably) are tired of paying $60 to be jump-scared or thrown into a maze filled with gore. This game lets you experience creepy comfortably, so even the most squeamish among us can have a good time without needing to turn it off every ten minutes.Also, one of the most important things for me when I play a game is the soundtrack. The Final Station doesn’t have a lot of tracks (it doesn’t need many for it’s four hour campaign), but the songs it brings to the table are atmospheric and eerily beautiful.The strongest points of the game as a whole are the narrative, worldbuilding, and quirky characters. I’m a total sucker for a good story, and this game kept me interested through the entirety of it’s short runtime. It throws a few twists at you throughout, making sure you’re always guessing and wondering what’s around the next station.The visuals are also surprisingly engrossing, even though they’re 8-bit.Some would call the game-play repetitive, as you alternate between a combat section, a travel section, and safe hubs. I didn’t find that to be the case, but I was focused more on chasing down the story than I was on the way the game played. I never caught myself thinking, “Oh boy, another enemy that I’ve killed 20 times.” It was always, “Oh, man! I need that item, but I can go two ways– if I pick this chair up, maybe I can do x,y,z…”That’s why I call it more a puzzle platformer than a shooter. The enemies are lined up in such a way that they impede progress, but you have limited ammo, so you’ve really got to think about how you’re going to handle them. This keeps you highly engaged throughout the campaign.The Bad:Gunna lay it out here. If I’m going to pay $15 for a 4 hour experience, that experience better be absolutely fantastic or have a high replay value (like Undertale!). The final Station is good– maybe $10 good– but it’s definitely not worth $15. You’ll play through and enjoy the story once.However, I’d argue this isn’t one of those games you can sit and watch a let’s play of (which is strange, given the linear nature of the story). It wouldn’t have had the same feel– part of the game is interpreting the events that happen and stringing them together in a way that makes sense to you. Once you have an assumption, it colors the rest of the game as you go through it. Watching someone play it with commentary would ruin the effect, I think.The inventory system in this game is… well, I’m almost afraid to mention it because it’s barely a “system”. You can hold two guns. The game tricks you (genuinely, 100% tricks you) into dropping the best gun in the game, letting you think you just picked up a third. This really made the end portion of the game difficult for me, and they absolutely did it on purpose.Also, if you’re a fan of open-ended endings, this game has one. There is a finite end, but wrapping your head around the entirety of the story is a tough task. I’ll tell you, all the pieces are there, but the last half-hour starts to get tough to follow. I personally understood the ending well, which is why I enjoyed it. Other people felt it ended abruptly, so play at your own risk!(If you played INSIDE, which is a game I hated, know that this ending is in a similar category but by no means as frustrating.)Verdict:Buy it when it’s on sale! I got it for $5, and it provides a great narrative experience that reminds me of the old point and click adventure games.If you like the atmosphere of…INSIDE and This War of Mine,or the gameplay style of…Night in the Woods,you’ll probably like The Final Station."
,Recommended,435530,31865399,Posted: 20 May,all,RaFale975,"For an indie game, this is very enjoyable!It features:-Experimental Trains-VERY dark atmospheres-Some form of infection-A Robot of some sort-Deadly creatures-WEAPONS-And... an interesting plot!So if you like 2D platforms mixed with horror, Survival, Action, Adventure, Pixelated graphics and Trains, then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,435530,31813290,Posted: 17 May,all,GoldenBear,"This game has a interesting story but boy are those story portions tied together by boring gameplay.The train portions are a challenge to completing two things at roughly the same time:1)  Completing the same puzzle over and over (this changes between stops but while moving, same puzzle)2)  Giving food or medicine to passengers when their meter gets low.This happens between every stop.The exploring and shooting is well and good though you'll wish for a run button.  General movement seems stiff.  You can walk off some ledges but that seems to be at the designers will.  Animations of some ladders are wonky while others are fine.The game is interesting.  It's not a great game though.The DLC is an improvement and gets rid of the repetitive train challenges.  The DLC main character moves and fights a little better.The ending to both the main game and the DLC is a littel lackluster."
,Recommended,435530,31829243,Posted: 18 May,all,>K·§·A<´°Sþíké¸°°»»,"Great sidescroller game, if not for being a short game, the DLC does add a lot more options for gameplay."
76561198057420758,Recommended,435530,32040833,Posted: 29 May,all,Warrior Of Love,More DLC please!!
76561198044544643,Not Recommended,435530,31305210,Posted: 22 April,all,Impatient,"Honestly, this game should be a book. Then it would have like 50 pages. It would be interesting in the beginning, and boring  and obscure in the end. But it should not be a game. And don't think the train-part has anything to do with managing the train let alone driving it. There are graphics of a train, yes, but all you got to do is supply the passengers with food or medicine and keep them from suffocating by simply pressing a button every ten seconds. That is it. It is a platformer. The shop page somehow is deceiving. It is also not an adventure game just because it has a story. There are no choices to make, no different places to visit, no pieces to put together. It is a tube style platformer with 2d shooting.Let me put it this way: Imagine you want to tell a story about a woman who is in love. The story is not very long or special, but you think, it would be interesting to tell the story via a computer game. And then, because the woman in your story works for a soccer club as a public relations agent, you call the game ""Soccer Training Camp"" and/but the actual game mechanics are those of a very simple top down turn based strategy game.This twisted case is true for ""The final station"". Just with different genres for story, title and game mechanics.And for 5 hours of gameplay it is ♥♥♥♥ing expensive. For the same money you can get AAA or indie titles with hundrets of hours of entertainment or even unlimited replay value. This is just another game by (I assume) an indie studio, remaining too simple, not well thought through and absurdly overpriced. There are better flash games out there for free. For real."
,Recommended,435530,31677588,Posted: 10 May,all,The Manliest Lord of Crabs,"Personally I enjoyed this game a lot. It's comparable to games like Lone Survivor, Uncanny Valley, and Claire, and if you enjoy any of those types of games you'll love this.However, I should probably state that there are some pros and cons for those who don't know what I'm talking about.Pros- A great soundtrack. It's atmospheric but easily something I can listen to outside the game as well.- The story is a wild ride. There's a lot to unpack in the story, but unlike something like Claire it isn't clear what's going on as soon as the game opens. I especially love the world the developers created.- The art direction is solid. The pixel graphics look nice, and while I think the sprites on the characters could be a bit less generic they do all look different and are easy to read. Until the DLC I didn't find myself ever mistaking one enemy type for another. I especially adored the backgrounds when moving between stations.Cons- There really isn't much gameplay in this. You've got two different games packed in one here; In one you're managing your train as you go from one station to another, and the other game follows you running through increasingly defunct shooting galleries with story notes all throughout.- The game's short. To me, $10 = 1 hour of play and with the DLC I've spent $20 on this. With 7.5 hours spent on the game it's more than enough for me, but do others that may be too little. The DLC is fairly long too, as it took me 2.3 hours.- The story that is there isn't easy to parse. Games like this love to tell their stories in bits and pieces, allowing you to fill in the holes. Combine that with the bleak atmosphere brought on by the story, and it may turn some people off. This isn't a story that will provide with many answers or happy feelings. The DLC does end up complicating some things as well, but does provide a lot of much needed detail on certain characters.Overall, if you haven't play these types of ""basically a point-and-click but also not"" types of games this one is a great way to start."
,Recommended,435530,31689830,Posted: 11 May,all,nekochan34,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It has fun and simple mechanics and is easy to pick up and master the combat. When I say easy to pick up, do not read ""stale"". The combat keeps up by making the ""zombie"" things tougher to hit and introducing new types every now and again. Plus the intense moment of opening doors is crazy. You never know if there are going to be some in there or what you will find.The train parts, where you take care of your survivors and your train, where somewhat tedious but also tense because you don't want the people to die and your train is breaking down. Each part of the train is like a little puzzle (sort of) that you have to multitask to keep everything going. Plus they don't last that long so it's really not a big deal.The story is what really got me though. The story is very mysterious and you really want to just keep going to know what happens. I loved the ambiguous story line. Some of the things you find out are crazy and the scenes that you come across are creepy and chilling. Plus I have bought the DLC to see if they answered some of the unanswered questions.TL;DR In short, this game was fun, and worth my time and money to finish it. Loved the story and the pixel graphics were amazingly done. The game and story is creepy and mysterious. Definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,435530,31706078,Posted: 12 May,all,LordLucide,"Good, but really short, and not quite what I expected. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,435530,31779768,Posted: 15 May,all,Fang,"An excellent Snack sized game. pick it up when it's on sale, and you won't regret it!"
76561198178052906,Recommended,435530,31741012,Posted: 13 May,all,stegosaurus,"I like it, it's simple, it's fun, and the story is pretty good so far. Probably not worth it at $15 but I got it on sale for like $3."
76561198193981003,Recommended,435530,32129774,Posted: 2 June,all,soundwave25,best game evere buy it now worth every cent
,Recommended,435530,32188523,Posted: 4 June,all,CirnoTan,"Awesome thing with long and serious plot with plot twists all along the game. 9\10, would not play again :^)"
,Recommended,435530,32541910,Posted: 18 June,all,AsylumRat,"Beautiful pixel art and creative gameplay, I am in love with the level design."
,Not Recommended,435530,32455671,Posted: 15 June,all,TheShogun,"The Final Station was a game that drew me in because it looked like an immersive experience into a postapocalyptic world.At first the levels were interesting; the rides between each level on the other hand were a huge inconvenience. I would try hard to read what the passengers were saying or check out the map... but I would have to constantly fight whichever part of the train wasn't working. Train rides aside, I was dissapointed at how after a few levels everything turned pretty repetitive and simple. There are barely any threats to overcome once you understand how to avoid enemies and save bullets.However despite all that what really disappointed me abiut the game was the fact that it had the potential to become so much more. Maybe increasing the difficulty as you replayed or even looping the whole train ride to make upgrades and resources more important.Score: 4/10"
,Recommended,435530,33074870,Posted: 1 July,all,PumbaU,"The game is fairly short, but quite fun. The story-line is very interesting, encouraging that ""want to know more"" kinda of feeling throughout the game.Once you get the combat mechanics, there is not much of a challenge.Overall, quite a fun game!"
,Recommended,435530,33166034,Posted: 2 July,all,CrazyLasagna,"Interesting story, but I notice most people didn't understand it. Several replays might be required for a full understanding of the game, cus it definitly ♥♥♥♥s with your mind. A lot."
76561198015231869,Recommended,435530,33280410,Posted: 5 July,all,Sidus,"Lovely game, the story is pretty solid and there is more then enough reson to give it another playthrough wether it be for the achievements, DLC, or just wanting to exprience it all again.Was worth the money and would love to see more games out there the follow thsi sort of genre formula."
76561198020561663,Recommended,435530,33266733,Posted: 5 July,all,Blackburn,"One of my favourite pixel art platformers right now. A gripping story that thrusts you deep into the sh*t and watches how you survive and take on the challenges thrown at you. Very simple controls and a short game (5 hours on average to complete) but thats all thats needed. Highly recommend, especially in the sale!"
76561197970307004,Recommended,435530,33366633,Posted: 8 July,all,vélo,"That was fun. It was somewhat repetitive, but never to the extend that it got boring or really uninspiring. I found it pleasantly easy too."
,Not Recommended,435530,31310806,Posted: 22 April,all,Fiani,"If you want a coherent story and an actual ending, this game doesn't have it."
76561198031905229,Recommended,435530,31300510,Posted: 22 April,all,lukas1artPL,"Great atmosphere, nice gameplay, a little bit repetitive at the end.maybe 15eu is a little to much, but I bought it for 5eu on sale and dont regret that.Around 5 hours to beat story."
,Recommended,435530,31335897,Posted: 24 April,all,InQuisition,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was good. I mean really good.Story Telling is great, lots of mystery to the universe but the conductors story has a nice neat arc in this interesting world.Sound and Scenery is AMAZING. no spoilers, just witness it.Gameplay is great! (noticed a couple of tiny bugs, literally two times in 24 hours.)-Guns and combat is fantastic-Bad guys actually merit a jump scare a time or two-Running the train and treating survivors is interesting due to dialogue while you're working (it sounds like a meh feature, but youll probably start to enjoy the story and the world and what they say adds a lot to the mission.)Even at 15 bucks id consider this game, its great if you want some downtime on a weekend. highly recommend!!!"
76561198308200667,Recommended,435530,31326977,Posted: 23 April,all,GrinnGhost,Wowzer. Splendid game!
76561198064526673,Not Recommended,435530,31330641,Posted: 23 April,all,RufusMcdoogan,Zombies and trains? What's not to love? The controls...
76561198052594884,Recommended,435530,31379347,Posted: 26 April,all,[Big Chig] Ben Carson,"It's obvious a lot of effort was put into this game. It's not very difficult, but it is designed very well.  Simply, it is fun to play, the art is absolutely gorgeous, and the story is pretty good. 8/10"
,Recommended,435530,31383316,Posted: 26 April,all,Trinqunityisgud Hellcase.com,it's kinda short but if you just get it while it's on sale it's such a good time
,Not Recommended,435530,31382410,Posted: 26 April,all,Lyrositor,"I was very disappointed by this game. It crafts a spectacular atmosphere and has a great setup, but fails miserably to deliver on any of it. You are only left with vague hints and a cop-out ending that left no impact on me whatsoever. The poor translation don't help either, making certain characters feel unnatural and stilted at times.Something that I haven't seen other reviews mention is that the controls, at least for me, are absolutely horrible. Sometimes, I'll hit a directional key and my character won't move at all; other times, he'll budge an inch before stopping again. I've come close to rage-quiting the game several times after dying dozens of times to this issue; thankfully the checkpoint sysem is rather generous.I cannot recommend this game. I wish I could, because there are a lot of things it does right, but overall it was just a pain to complete it and a disappointment once it was over."
,Recommended,435530,31400653,Posted: 27 April,all,Norrdec,"Excellent game, maybe not worth the 15 euro, due to lenght, but a must buy if you see in on a promotion.The story is mysterious, not everything is explained.The DLC looks promising, gonna have a look at it when I some more time."
,Recommended,435530,31398716,Posted: 27 April,all,Apollo Caelum,"The final station is an interesting game. It follows a similar mechanic like when facing zombies in the last of us, basically know how to take them out in the right order. The mechanics in gameplay are a bit simple I have to admit but the story is quite interesting. Really got me to wonder all the way through. I recommend this game if you are into decent narratives, buy the dlc too otherwise you will have a lot of questions. I honestly bought on discount but if you really want it you can just buy it on full price now instead of waiting."
76561197996718530,Not Recommended,435530,31268921,Posted: 20 April,all,Never,"This is not a roguelike in any way.  it's not even really about trains.The train is just busywork inbetween shooting zombies.  The hardest part is catching all the dialogue, there's really no danger of failure.The fighting is formulaic.  You just do the obvious thing to kill this group of zombies, there's not much creativity or execution if any.  If you do mess up, you go to a checkpoint with no penalty, or restart the level if you are in a bind.The weapons are well polished, they sound feel and behave excellently.The story was sufficient to keep me going through my 4 hours of gameplay, but didn't seem to go anywhere.  In the end I just felt slightly annoyed, but I've spent $4 in worse ways."
,Recommended,435530,31270572,Posted: 21 April,all,jock dad,"it reminds me of tf2,what with being killed by sniper at the end.the reviews say it all. its a platformer, its methodical, and its hard to pay attention to the story blurbs at times. for some its mystery and atmosphere weave together to be enthralling, but for others its simple and straightforward with a story that feels too full of holes to enjoy. personally, i enjoyed it quite as bit, both visually and story-wise, despite the... nihilistic, apocalyptic themes. eh, its a zombie survival game. what can you do.also, theres a disproportionate number of white npcs. whats up with that? no wonder the worlds in chaos.my only complaint is the very end. sure, i understand it, but it felt. tropey. a little tired. i was wrapped up enough in the worldbuilding of the story to not feel like the rug was pulled from under my feet with the finale, but. hm. it still felt somewhat unfinished, character-wise.i might reject the games reality and substitute my own; i think having a main character that is immune to the virus might be interesting; itd take the ending in a completely different direction, but i mean... cmon. who doesnt wanna be zombie-invincible? not to mention that i want a kickass zombie fighting duo with tf2 sniper.comedy(?) and commentary aside, i had a fun time with this game. grab it while its on sale! its definitely worth it."
,Recommended,435530,31271273,Posted: 21 April,all,Samurai Karstonian,"This was really good game that has a very compelling story and gameplay, however after 5 hours I am finished with it, which is acceptable since I got it on sale for $5, but 15? I understand small indie games need to make a profit to grow and produce more awesome games, and one simple way of increasing the play value would have been to look over the mechanics on the train again and create an endless mode for the game with growing possibilites to upgrade the train and it's passengers. Maybe I'm spitballing another game in general, but I think something along that line would have been able to increase the vitality of The Final Station. Sill a vary fun game and is a must have for an indie hunter like myself."
76561198103771118,Recommended,435530,31280136,Posted: 21 April,all,Kostuch,"This game really pleasantly surprised me.I went in expecting ""Yet another zombie shooter"", but it's a mix of survival horror and adventure game in their finest. The pixelated graphics may seem mediocre, but they give it a nice charm. The gameplay is quite simple. You are in charge of a prototype train and your task is to get parts needed to complete the Guardian, giant robot which is supposed to protect humanity from plague, to the Metropole, the state's capital.Arriving at each station you will need to explore the nearby towns to find codes, which are used to push the story forward. You will also find three main resources in the game: ammo, medicine and food. It's relatively easy, too easy. I'd say inability to select a harder difficulty level is a downside to the game, limiting its replayability, but I will get to that.Now, the story and characters met on the way are simply the best part of the game. Story is very immersing and I often found myself exploring every location thorougly to find the bits of plot scattered around. Without spoiling, I can say that fans of Strugatsky's book or S.T.A.L.K.E.R. will find a lot of lovely easter eggs all over the place.But the ending...Whale, whale, whale...It's really disappointing and has no conclusion, the game is also painfully short and linear, with exploring every side location I finished it in 5 hours, I could probably finish it in two or three if I skipped all the dialogue and just run and gun every location. Even glossing over that, the game has no replayability value what so ever, therefore it's really hard to recommend a game that's charging fifteen bucks and the run time is 5 hours.But if the price drops or it's on sale: go pick it up without second thought, it's an interesting experience with immersive world."
76561198004626207,Recommended,435530,31266358,Posted: 20 April,all,Gaby3d,"Although it's short(approximatly 5 hours) it's a very cool and spooky game, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,435530,31267367,Posted: 20 April,all,Master Shake,Cool story but an incredibly dissapointing ending
,Recommended,435530,31361575,Posted: 25 April,all,Sarutobi Champion is Gulpit,"8/10Desolate, the music, the scene, and the Guardian's fate.PLUS 1 for no happy ending.PLUS 1 for ""I WILL TAKE CARE OF HER.""MINUS 1 for this all-of-sudden bad ending.Overall 9/10"""
76561198073226219,Recommended,435530,31355940,Posted: 25 April,all,Sgt_Jaxs_Pavan,Im going to recomend this game for a few reasons. The atmosphere is tense and brilliant and you feel constantly out matched. The game play is great as you have to manage your supplies and ammo to keep yourself and your passengers alive. And the art style seems simple but manages to complimeent everything well. And then theres the story. I don't want to spoil anything so I'll just say this. PLEASE play this game so you can explain to me what I just played because I have no idea what just happend or how I'm supposed to feel about it.
76561197974185494,Recommended,435530,28990100,Posted: 3 January,all,Miften,"Very solid, short game for few evenings. The story is very interesting and leavea a lot unanswered questions. Good mechanics and gameplay. Pity that you cannot lisen to your passengers and enjoy the scenery but need to run and take care of train - but still this was our hero job."
,Recommended,435530,29793144,Posted: 8 February,all,Visceralfusion,"A very Minimalistic Game, Amazing Story Line of a Father. 10 outa 10 Would Die by midgets Again."
,Recommended,435530,27772302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Infin8,"Amazing Gem of game. Its a relatively short game, but its tight and terrifically paced, with good environmental storytelling. Only real issue is train management interferes with storytelling, though some have said this was on purpose? Otherwise the gameplay works well and the music is great.I'll remember this game for a long time to come."
76561198158452165,Recommended,435530,27781382,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cupcakemaeg,ABSOLUTLY LOVE THIS GAME AND THE WAY IT TELLS THE STORY!!
,Recommended,435530,25381186,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dreamsite,Good game.
,Recommended,435530,28260972,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,FIRECREEPER,I love this game it is one of my favorite games BUT when I started on default setting in the graphics the game kept glitching out but besides that it is very fun I would encourage anyone reading these comments to play this game
76561198247770976,Recommended,435530,28738094,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Keegan,"A strong story, resource management, guns, and ""infected"" things, these are the things that make or break a game. In this case, it made the game into art, with plenty of other elements along the way, with an end that will make you think... The Final Station is a game I would play over and over again."
,Recommended,435530,28732619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BlazeTail,"This game made me think about the story, it might be hard to understand what is going on sometimes, but I believe the game gives you enough information to peice together the rest. It meant a lot to me and really made me think. I love this game!"
76561198214910209,Recommended,435530,28715903,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DragonFriend18,"The game was great, and the lore was complex, but not to the point where you cant understand it.                                                              If you dont get the lore, you didnt pay attention to all the people and notes at the stations, and went for a fast playthrough."
76561198045493102,Recommended,435530,28717579,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shenigami,"Great game, tons of fun! A linear story with an interesting switch between train and the world.P.S. Please consider COOP."
,Recommended,435530,28724307,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jürk,"Though the story was short, I was fully captivated by the lore. The game doesn't hand you very much information about whats going on in the world, you have to figure a lot of that stuff out for yourself. For such a small game, it left me heartbroken. 10/10"
76561198065481076,Recommended,435530,29230410,Posted: 13 January,all,BallsDeep69,"Get while it's on sale not full price, Worth playing though."
76561197990281870,Not Recommended,435530,25274432,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,snlehton,"Yet another let-down. A game I wanted to love(TM). I updated the review after finishing the game.The atmosphere is really thick and well done. Reminded me of Limbo and INSIDE in some way, and that's a compliment to a highest degree. The gameplay seems a bit bulky at first, but you'll get over it. I was sold the very first seconds. Sounds are well done, and so is the music.The train is a weird thing. It's kind of Diner Dash mini game where you have to make sure everyone is healthy and satisfied, and your train does not overload. The customers are talking something, but most of the time I'm missing it out as I'm dashing around. I'd love to read the discussion they're having from somewhere.But then you start to get to more combat intensive places. Rooms full of enemies, low on clips and getting mauled time after time. Death has no meaning in this game, so you keep on trying and trying. I gave up. There was a ladder, and room full of baddies. Could not get to the room without dying. Could not shoot enemies from the floor below. I HATE THOSE LADDERS.Also, cardboard boxes and other items seem to be much more effective than the pistol. Fair enough. Ended up carrying a toilet seat half the map just in case :PI'm not happy with the game. It just doesn't seem to have enough interesting gameplay to warrant the price or my time. All the places seem alike, and there is very little interesting things in there. Story is told via static scenery and post-it notes.. rather easy solution for game with designed levels.Makes me wish it was some roguelike/procedurally generated game (honestly I though it would be like that based on the trailer though they did not make any claims about it. It just felt like that). Feels like a missed opportunity.Unfortunately I cannot recommend the game in its current form (the usual I'd give it a ""meh"" but due to lack of it it's thumbs down).EDIT:Finally finished the game. Unfortunately it turned out to be quite bad. While progressing, the feeling of detachment became stronger and stronger. The story, which is actually quite hard to understand and badly written to be honest, does not have any build-up towards the ending. The ending was a huge disappointment. There was no focus on the protagonist, his motives, or background, leaving the ending quite cold and uninteresting.The game is full of beautiful vistas and thick atmosphere, but instead of cohesive whole it started to feel like I'm jumping from scenario to another without any actual drama, and more like just for the sake of showing different environments.Anyway. There's a real effort here, but unfortunately it doesn't not work.Not recommended unless you get it really cheap and have few hours to waste."
,Recommended,435530,28689999,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,aga cinayet var xs,if we had a mask to wear...
76561198102222992,Recommended,435530,30344661,Posted: 5 March,all,Tygr1515,"I love this game! I never got annoyed except for the ventilation system and the people dying, but that's fine! That's part of the game! I love the ending! However, I think that there is room for improvement and that there is great potential here. Personally, I would recommend more gun upgrades and different types of monster/zombie/aliens(?), and more train upgrades (for example, maybe the player could purchase upgrades for the train to make the managing simpler), maybe more variables to play with other than health, hunger and breathing on the train. I loved how some people were injured and their health would go down a lot faster, and the player had to be aware of that. I love the art style, a lot of great atmospheres! Sound was crucial to the enjoyment of the game, and that was done very well. I would also recommend faster text scrolling, for the sake of tediousness. Maybe a longer campaign would have been better, but that's up to the player. I would honestly pay more for this game! Love it! Great job guys!"
76561197965502125,Recommended,435530,31355721,Posted: 25 April,all,Cosmic Foam,"A grim, wonderfully layered story. I enjoyed it enough to play it straight through to the end, which in my case says a lot! Highly recommend.This is a straight up narrative where you move the protagonist forward in a platforming world. You won't get lost and there are no real puzzles to speak of. You're really only in control of the combat, and there is a light crisis management aspect to keeping your passengers alive. The focus is on the story, which is rich, layered and full of background.There's one thing I would call a slight flaw. I played the game in english and it seems to be translated, and I think the translation is a tiny bit weak in some instances. No big deal, but the problem is that there is a lot of background exposition in the story and sometimes I wondered if certain things were really just background or if I was misunderstanding because of a weak translation. Nothing serious though."
,Recommended,435530,32786106,Posted: 25 June,all,Duckshow,"Wow - this is really good!I hadn't heard much about this game, but I liked the artstyle and the idea of keeping a train going, and after 5 minutes I was already hooked. Maybe you think the game looks cheap or that the gameplay seems simple, but it really does a great job with what it's got.The environments are beautiful and everything feels nicely handcrafted. You come upon events in the story that, in my opinion, feel more emotional and harrowing than in most big-budget games.The story is told in small bits and pieces and it feels more like an actual journey through a new place rather than... a story? It's really nice.The gameplay consists of three parts: exploration, keeping your train in shape and shooting things.The exploration is fun, not much to say about it.The train can be a bit annoying, but it's a bit hard to explain. I don't dislike it though, it has its charm. I love that it feels like you're actually working.The combat is simple, but harder than I expected. It's not amazing, but it serves its purpose. The only real issue I've had with it is some confusing controls for throwing objects and your charged punch usually not working. Still, it's fun."
,Recommended,435530,32662604,Posted: 22 June,all,grungydan,"Definitely worth a play or two. Beautiful juxtaposition of art styles between fore and backgrounds, fantastic soundscape, and an eerie story that you pick up piece by piece as you move along.A few small things bugged me, mostly the way the ""mini-games"" to keep the train running get a little repetitive. But overall a really fun game that you'll get a few hours of enjoyment from.I haven't played the DLC yet, but I just bought it after playing through the main story."
76561197985414914,Recommended,435530,33576079,Posted: 15 July,all,lordbrian1,"The gameplay was fairly repetitive, but the story as great. ""The Only Traitor"" is a nice expansion, but is comparable to the full version of the game."
,Recommended,435530,33549240,Posted: 14 July,all,Nikachu92,"This game is fun.  However, looking at the price and how long it took me to beat it, I'd say hold off on buying it until it's on sale.  My rule of thumb for games is that a decent game is priced at at least 1 hour for every dollar it costs.  So since this game costs $15 with no sale, 5 hours of gameplay doesn't pass this check."
76561197976778736,Not Recommended,435530,33623952,Posted: 17 July,all,Tobis,"Game has you scavenge money to upgrade things but stops providing merchants halfway through the game. One of the few things you have time to upgrade is the pistol which disappears without consent shortly afterwards. Story is of the ""keep you confused to make it seem deeper than it is"" variety then ends abruptly with no satisfying conclusion.One of the few interesting things about the game is the world-building that happens when passengers talk to eachother. However, the game makes you choose between keeping the train going or listening to the conversations. You get punished for playing."
,Recommended,435530,33438198,Posted: 10 July,all,ŞMENOS,Such an amazing game. Graphics and story are very good. Plenty of diverse gameplay. Recommended 10/10
76561198059079985,Recommended,435530,33404393,Posted: 9 July,all,Myserii,"Great music! The story was very Russian, and the developers respect your intelligence to connect the dots yourself in the end. If you have 6 hours, definitely give this game a try.Note: Completed this game in 5.6 hours, not a completionist."
,Recommended,435530,33406376,Posted: 9 July,all,NC,"A short game, only about five hours long if you take your time, but a good five hours nonetheless.The experience is linear, the only options given to the player is of the ""which room do I explore first"" flavour, with some meaningless upgrades littered along the way. Combat and ammunition is initially challenging, but it's immediately disregarded whenyou realise you can just backstep and punch all enemy types but two to death, conserving all ammo, although it remained satisfying enough to do so.But that's not where the strength lies. The Final Station is set in an interesting world, the story told not so much through the dialogue or post-it notes as it is through the environments. The pixel graphics lend brilliantly to the array of unique environments rushed past you during the train sequences. These, combined with the infrequent, somewhat subtle horror moments, created a well-executed surrealist atmosphere.While the 'game' of The Final Station may not be brilliant, it's environments and linearly-curated story and world are appealing enough to carry it."
76561198019997491,Recommended,435530,33414109,Posted: 9 July,all,Mig,"Suprisingly gripping and touching storyline. Gameplay is not novel, but even the parts i've seen a thousand times before work well for The Final Station. It could have been a little longer, but its still well worth every penny. Well done dudes. Well done."
,Recommended,435530,33256937,Posted: 4 July,all,JontzBreadMaker,"Excellent game mechanics. Better than a point and click because there's little aimless point and clicking and better than a sidescroller shooter because of the exploration element. Gameplay is fluid.The game's music, sounds and graphics go a long way to immerse the player in its somber atmosphere. Its design language is coherent, never deviating from its purpose but is always fresh, as the stations have all different themes and game resources are only re-used if the object portrayed is the same. This train's next stop is to impress your senses.The motive power behind the game, however, is the story. And this game tells its story through the eyes of a man that has little influence in the world around him. The events that happen are not deliberately told to you, there are only clues, and those clues come from comments and remarks your passengers make, paper notes in billboards and fragments of newspapers and eventual radio transmissions you happen to listen during your work.Many people regard this as bad because they feel powerless or opressed by those circumstances but this very overwhelming is what makes this game stand from most others. Playing it makes you feel overwhelmed. The story makes no sense. People are going insane everywhere, there are no reliable news sources, bombs are falling -but are not launched- and the government has no clue what to do.In the middle of this stands you, a train driver, doing exactly what you have been doing for the past years of your life: driving trains and filling paperwork.How many games do you remember made you search online for its backstory? As with Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds, lots of questions remain unanswered after completion but this is -precisely- the very definition of ""suspense"". According to the Cambridge Dictionary: ""A feeling of excitement or anxiety while waiting for something uncertain to happen"".Buy the thing and delight yourself with this Cyrillic masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,435530,33259457,Posted: 4 July,all,ricera,"The story starts off strong and seems intriguing enough to get to the bottom of, but once you get into zombie/virus-infected/whatever killing, the frustrating combat starts to pull down the whole experience.Maybe I'll come back to it when I'm really bored."
,Recommended,435530,33276019,Posted: 5 July,all,Xavier,"It'f a fun game, but really looks like something is missing....gonna have to check the DLC."
76561198009925926,Recommended,435530,33256354,Posted: 4 July,all,Baron,"Not many hours of playtime but the few i put in were great, would recommend not to waste ammo as much to others though.Also, the dlc ain't about a train but about a car, not as fun as keeping a traincart full of passengers happy but at least you get full dialogue."
,Recommended,435530,33376304,Posted: 8 July,all,Megamatt,"This was one of the last minute purchases I made before the Summer Sale ended this year and I was plesently surprised at how much I enjoyed this game! I just finished a playthrough and it clocked at 4 hours in total, which doesn't sound too appealing, I know but if you enjoy single player, story driven games, inventory managment or side scrollers in general, defintely check this game out if you see it up for sale again!"
76561198006309279,Recommended,435530,33177168,Posted: 3 July,all,masterjaye,Really good fun and well worth the money $$$.Was quite tense at times for a little side scrolling pixel game and definitely a great difference from a lot of the other games you can find that just try and use pixel art as selling point alone not.Story was great if not a little blurry nearing the end but would highly reccomend
76561198254335371,Recommended,435530,33657113,Posted: 19 July,all,Panik!,Great game. I just wish it had more replayability.10/11
,Recommended,435530,28280818,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mags,"I can say that without a doubt that this is one of the most immersive games that I've played in terms of storyline. The lore, despite being vague and unexplained beyond any kind of other game, this game's story had me wanting to play more and more. It was exciting and a difficult play at the same time, something that really kept me interested. The game's story has to be the best part of the game, despite being such a limited game.However, the ending of the story was a disappointment, and I'd like to see how this game's lore would be expanded.I overall recommend this game to someone looking for a good story that leaves you wondering what happens, or like theorizing what happens during the story. Gameplay is good yet somewhat repetitive, and the soundtrack was fine tuned. I'd also recommend this game to anyone looking to explore the storyline.However if you're looking for a horror game that keeps you on your feet, I'd recommend to skip this selection if you're not here to play the game."
76561198014291272,Recommended,435530,33703477,Posted: 21 July,all,AcceptableLosses,"The Final Station turned into a far more story heavy game than I thought it would be. This isn't really a bad thing, as the story was pretty enjoyable and well told. The game itself breaks down into two main phases: The train, and scavaging.The train sequences are basically a management game. You have to keep your passengers alive by providing them with medkits and food, while also keep various parts of your train working properly. During this time you also get some story from the passangers, as they'll chat with you and the other rider.Whenever you reach a new town or base, you'll stop the train and get out. To move onto the next level you have to find a code somewhere. While you're searching for the code this is also your opportunity to collect ammo, food, medkits, and crafting materials to make said items. Occasionally you'll get to a main hub where you can drop off your current passagers and spend the money you've earned.Overall I think the game warrants a playthough, but I do find that it was really starting to drag out towards the end. I probably would have enjoyed the experience much more if it was an hour or two shorter. After you reach a certain point you'll stop seeing anything new as far as enemies or mechanics, making the last half of the game quite repetitive while waiting for the story to progress.In short: Worth a playthrough if you find it on sale, but could benefit from being compacted into a shorter experience."
76561198051734576,Recommended,435530,33738271,Posted: 23 July,all,sstick2urgunss,One of the most satisfying and challenging games i've ever played. Keeps you playing and intrigued through the whole time!
76561198203134884,Recommended,435530,33707551,Posted: 21 July,all,F*ck this game,awesome game with insane soundtrack
,Recommended,435530,33743056,Posted: 23 July,all,leftgamer7,Good story. Nice Gameplay Great atmosphere. Amazing soundtrack and got way better after the release of the DLC.
,Recommended,435530,32736969,Posted: 24 June,all,.SunPearl,"Pros:Good game,nice atmosphere,great pixel art.Drawbacks:It's really short beatable in 3-4 hours,high priceconclusion:+enjoyable+nice story+creative+interesting mechanics-short-high priceBuy this on sale and you will not regret it."
,Recommended,435530,33857068,Posted: 28 July,all,SoUnDoLe,"A really fun experience, held slightly back by a few small design decisions.Mechanically, this The Last Station is responsive and provides solid feedback. The visual and sound design is absolutely excellent - pixel art is a glorious blend of traditional pixel-art and scanned images, and the effect is a treat.Some people might be put off by the vague story, or the heavy 'found notes' style of storytelling, but I think the game gives you enough information to have a solid enough idea of what's going on by the end.I was a little bit frustrated by the design of the train sections and the way money is used in the game. Shops are way too infrequent, and the cost of upgrades doesn't seem balanced. And having to hand feed your passengers on the train feels like pointless busywork - I would have preferred to do nothing so I could take in the gorgeous scenery, or focus on passenger dialogue!This is still a really polished game, and comes incredibly close to being a classic. I would have really appreciated this game as a roguelike - the same kind of idea has been done in games like Dead Pixels and Death Road to Canada, and the mechanics here seem made for it! My playthrough was a tight experience lasting 4 hours, and I don't regret my time with the The Last Station at all."
,Recommended,435530,33873832,Posted: 28 July,all,Belinda,A fun and engaging game.  The story is a bit patchy and scattered at times but the game play mechanics are simple yet engaging. Love the varying pixel graphics.
,Recommended,435530,33866298,Posted: 28 July,all,Gabberwocky on YT,"Absolutely worth the money.Really good, chilly, scary, but sadly confusing af.I have so many questions and I heard that the DLC won't get me any conclusions.whatever.buy and enjoy, I have to say!"
,Recommended,435530,33935080,Posted: 31 July,all,R4P↺WK3,"Short but very much enjoyable, I loved the Atmosphere."
,Recommended,435530,33945331,Posted: 1 August,all,Jamacalada,"Great game, however it only took me 4 hours to complete."
,Recommended,435530,33944079,Posted: 1 August,all,Drake Kurthem,"THis game and it's DLC are fantastic and are exemplary of what a good game should be, The only knock I have for the game is some of the dialogue suffered a bit in translation but it's minor and doesn't get in the way of the story."
,Recommended,435530,34161298,Posted: 10 August,all,the Sliver,"Great game! Excellent atmosphere, great worldbuilding (through limited expositon which I love). Great ending!However, you have to get passed the typos and complete lack of tutorial.An additional thought for the developers:I wish the dialog amongst the passengers wasn't at the same time as having to feed/medical them. There were so many times I wanted to stick around and listen to what the passengers were saying but couldn't because several were about to die so I kept having to run in and out of the car! Let me listen to your story!"
,Recommended,435530,25301386,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aasha,"Justfinished the game. The ending pretty abruptly justhappenswhile you're in the middle of trying to do something after a lot of build-up so it feels like the game just lacks closure.You basically run to your final objective only to be shot in the face. Cut to black. Credits roll.Ending aside I'd say the game was alright.I never really grasped the story fully (and I'm not sure if it made sense) but thebuild-upset the mood really well. From giant robots to alternate worlds to futuristic cities to spooky suburbs.The station scenes were honestly pretty repetitive.1: You'd arrive somewhere2: You'd need a code to leave3: For some god-forsaken reason someone decided to pick the paper with the code on it up and walk it to the most distant part of the pit stop, stick it to the wall, and die beside it.4: So you go diving into every single room on the map collecting craftables, medikits and ammo. You pick up any passengers you find on the way. You grab the code off the wall, and you find a 2nd route - usually underground - back to the train station.The paranoia was there when opening doors. Though I knew I'd end up opening every door for the chance of loot anyway I learned to start running away when I opened a door. Slow enemies I could melee and backpedal to save ammo. The small fast enemies were bad enough to blast before they got close though. You can die pretty fast if you aren't dodging.The train scenes I feel were bothersome. For something that's the closest to being my home base it strikes me as the most naggy part of the game. You have to make sure each passenger is fed because they can't feed themselves - as in they'll starve to death because I took too long walking to the food dispenser and back with a bag of food.I passed out the medikits the same way. Someone will call for medical help with barely enough time before they'll die anyway. Making it to the medikits, picking them up, and carrying it back to the doofus that decided to call for a doctor 6 seconds before he's dead. How the hell does their health drain sitting on their♥♥♥♥♥anyway? I mean I can understand the injured ones but most are fine and just hitching rides.The trainitselfneeds upkeeping too. It's handled through minigames that basically run out of time behind the scenes until you come take care of them directly (or the train stops).All this - the passengers and the train upkeep I mean - happens at the same time. While doing all of this I'm also expected to handle any craftables I want to make, pay attention to what the passengers are talking about (which I never did since taking my eyes off of everything to read the conversation would result in a passenger dying or the train stopping), and be aware of the changing landscape that the conversation and story often were going on about. It didn't lend itself to the safe feel of a home base. If anything it actually felt like the most pressuring part of the whole game.Food, by the way, is rare. Like rarer than it should have realistically been. I would buy out the food from any restraunt I ran into. I'd buy alltwoof their establishment's meals at every stop. Food goes fast too. An individual passenger eats a supply of food big enough to fill both of my character's arms and will die of starvation about a minute later. Despite that I'll maybe start a train ride with 3 bags if I found some at the last pit stop.I'd say the main part of the game was atually all of the parts that werenotthe train. The train feels like it's forced. Rather that is to say the requirements to interact and take care of the train was forced - probably so I feel like it's more than a between-mission cutscene or something. The train being a part of the story makes sense enough but it's not really a shining part of the game. the real game is definently going through the stations and hunting for loot and adventure. I also sincerely felt a burst of satisfaction whenever I punched out a window.I've said more bad than good about this game but honestly I didn't overall dislike it. It's one of those games I'd end up giving a nuetral review if Steam allowed me to. The atmosphere, ransacking and survival are things I like about it and that's the majority of the game.Again. That ending though...I'd honestly give this a nuetral review but I can't."
76561197973253171,Recommended,435530,34800866,Posted: 7 September,all,garethb,"So simple. So striking. So fun!Definitely check this one out. Great story-telling. Dark, complelling tale.Zombies. Sci-Fi. Action.Hint: PUNCH whenever you can :-)"
,Recommended,435530,34766007,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,"highly recommend, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198202295580,Recommended,435530,34744497,Posted: 4 September,all,Prximity,"you should make some kind of survival mode or an online mode based around survival or short missions like no more room in hell or something like that, a lot of people would buy this game if you did that (not payed please, or in some kind of free dlc), because the game alone just how it is hjas very low replay value and the story is short, and for the money i payed i expected more gameplay like dead by daylight which is at the same price or a bit higher (i cant remember so excuse me if im wrong) but contains a lot of gameplay."
,Recommended,435530,34821054,Posted: 8 September,all,synapt:c,"great game, if you like old graphics just play it."
76561198059348706,Recommended,435530,34849249,Posted: 9 September,all,Lord Badoc,The Final Station is a phenomenal game with simple yet beautiful art great gameplay and an amazing story shrouded in mystery i highly recomend you play this game 9/10
,Recommended,435530,25464936,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,-ＳｒＬｕｘｘｙｅ-,"Hum, o que dizer, foi um bom passa tempo, Zerei em mais ou menos 4 horas, foi bem desafiador numas partes, mas ainda assim, um dos melhores passatempos que ja tive, a historia chega a ser comovente, junto com o final, por assim dizer, revelador, mas é, um otimo jogo, eu daria uns 8/10 tem potencial, por isso eu acho que deveria ter escolhas e diferentes finais, Ótimo jogo!"
,Recommended,435530,34867679,Posted: 10 September,all,Drazlash,"Buy it if it's on sale, it will give you at least 5 hours of entertainment.I was expecting a lot more, the game has potential to be way more complex, but ends up being repetitive for it's short length and I hated the end, so anti climatic, simple and leaves you with a lot of questions."
76561198071071428,Recommended,435530,34952679,Posted: 14 September,all,Josh,"A short interesting game that I kind of juts lost myself in. Worth the buy - If after 2 hours you decide you dont like it, get a refund by then you'll be half way through."
76561198051194348,Recommended,435530,34957631,Posted: 14 September,all,Chance,"Awesome, simple, narrative, side scrolling game. Only critisism is a lot of the dialogue is missed keeping the passengers alive. Other than that, solid mechanic throughout."
,Not Recommended,435530,35007911,Posted: 16 September,all,Humble_Bragg,"Has a lot of potential, but ultimately falls short and is forgettable.Combat is very basic and lacks depth, quickly becomes boring.Train gameplay is frustrating as maintaining the train makes it impossible to read all npc dialogues.For a game so story and atmosphere focused, the ending is confusing and non-sequitur to most playersNot terrible, but also not memorable or exciting."
,Recommended,435530,35096964,Posted: 20 September,all,KeiMacmaster,"When I got this game all I was expecting was a simple pixel survival game. What I ended up getting was an amazing game with a fantastic story line and amazing characters. Every location is different in some way, so you never feel like your doing something again. You learn about what is happening in the world, and it makes you feel what the characters feel and experience during the game. While I will say that the DLC should have probably been free since it solved some of the missing story, it was still worth it since the DLC added a whole new spin on things, and was just as fun as the full game. For a  small indie game like this, is really is amazing and I wish people would make more games like this"
,Recommended,435530,35076244,Posted: 19 September,all,LA,A futuristic apocalypse survival action sidescrolling shooter with a great story delivered in some great level design andminimalist dialogue.Great fun.
,Recommended,435530,26591045,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Communist Catto,"Very fun, but so unfair and annoying. Still would recommend it, as the fun times and the great story makes this game worth it. Like trust me, this game can be very, very fun."
76561198127442354,Recommended,435530,35340240,Posted: 30 September,all,Griy,"This game is hands down the best game I have ever played. It has beautiful artwork, excellent gameplay, and one of the greatest plot lines in a video game. I can't think of a reason why you would regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,435530,35191602,Posted: 24 September,all,JinxIdoru,"I wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't.  The game gave the feel of being open-world, but was ultimately very linear and railroady (pun somewhat intended). The fact that it's linear is not a problem, just that something felt off.  I ultimately gave up after about 5 hours because I just didn't enjoy it.I did like the esthetic though.  I just wish there had been more depth there."
