user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198086747602,Not Recommended,436000,24482550,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Heebie Jeebies,"As a huge fan of the original Lovely Planet, it's with a heavy heart that I have to write a negative review for its succesor. I've played Lovely Planet for 250+ hours, and I held WR runs in many categories, so I feel that I'm obligated to do this.This game is not for speedrunners. That's all there is to it. No chance of sequence breaks, no vertical aim, no glitches to shoot through walls. Honestly, there's nearly no freedom of movement. The ability to choose how to route your levels was what made the original so great. Jumping in this game is next to useless as far as routing goes. The levels railroad you to take the intended route.As a casual game, I'm sure this is jolly good fun, but as someone who was expecting a true sequel, I'm left with a bitter taste in my mouth. I'm sorry, but I just can't enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,436000,24486422,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,catonkey,"I played the original Lovely Planet for over 100 hours, and this game feels inferior in every way. First note that this game, like the original does not have a crosshair. Additionally, this game has no y-axis aiming.The game is split into about 100 levels in 4 acts. The goal of each level is generally to kill all enemies, collect any coins and reach the goal pillar. The game feels very limited in terms of movement and aiming, compared to the original, which let you traverse long, uneven levels and shoot high up enemies at a distance. Instead you're left repetitively shooting enemies on your level, only so far away from you. You can no longer shoot without lag, as your gun now has a reload animation, which slows the game down significantly. The fun, unobtrusive soundtrack of Lovely Planet is hard to live up to, and this soundtrack does not. The music is average, and I found act 3's song so repetitive and annoying that I had to turn off music audio.But enough comparing the games. I think that even by itself, Lovely Planet Arcade is a bad game. Removing y-axis aiming might not bother some, but every level in the game is a flat, square space. The only things differentiating levels are the enemy and wall placements. The walls and rocks which act as obstacles are plain, and the single environment is uninteresting. Jumping exists in the game, but it only serves as a mechanic to kill certain kinds of enemies and avoid spikes on the ground. You cannot jump over other obstacles to find different routes. There isno depth to the movement whatsoever.You'll come across several enemy types.Some are bland, like the enemies with shields, which can only be killed while jumping. Others slow/stop time and teleport you to their location. These make for some interesting strats, but quickly get repetitive, and slow the game down. Then there are the invisible enemies, which kill you instantly - the only way to beat these levels is by trial and error, until you figure out where they are. There are even enemies which blind you when you kill them, until you kill another enemy or pick up a coin. The effect is a jarring grey screen, which usually results in a clumsy level completion.Levels are linear in design, from movement down to shot order. There's not a lot of freedom to differ from the intended strategy.The game does come with some modifiers to the levels; mirror mode will let you play mirrored versions of every level and fast mode will make the game feel a lot less sluggish. You can also earn stars based on how quickly you complete levels, so there's some replay value there.Honestly this game feels more like a puzzle game to me. A puzzle game where you don't see the whole puzzle. You'll have to play levels multiple times to figure out the linear solution."
,Recommended,436000,24464002,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Max?,"Lovely Planet with a shotgun. That's all you need to know! If you've played the original Lovely Planet and enjoyed it there is no doubt in my mind this game will rekindle those sweet, sweet feelings. Whilst its a different movement system we're all familiar with from the original, this game stands on its own for enjoyment and the difficulty from the get-go.Buy it. Buy it now.10/10 - This is a biased review, I've waited so long for this moment ;_;"
,Recommended,436000,24464821,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,nes,"Totally don't understand the negative reviews. Fans of the original Lovely Planet ought to enjoy this game. It plays like doom with no vertical aim, you don't go flying like you did in the original but it still manages to keep the pace fast. The style and music is pretty much the same, basically feels like you're playing Katamari but you're wasting everyone with a shotgun. 8/10 will be playing a lot of this game."
,Recommended,436000,24484424,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,John Gamer,"More casual and easier than the original, But the new mechanics and enemy type (slow motion, teleporting enemies) really make this stand out from the previous Lovely Planet.This is pretty much a spin off, Play the original if you haven't first, play this one after if you're looking for a new take on the gameplay.I hope we get an actual Lovely Planet 2 in the future, While I really enjoy this one, The ""you can only look left and right"" mechanic is something im not a big fan of."
,Not Recommended,436000,24507689,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KONATAonPC,"The first game was fun, it was mostly skill based and not very memory based. In this, Act 2 and later are fully based on memorisation. There are even invisible enemies that you have to redo the level over and over to figure out where they all are. It just isn't fun, and I don't see why I should be forced to retry multiple times for reasons that aren't based on my skill."
,Recommended,436000,24979158,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Medico di Biscotti,"To address some of the other reviews.No, it's not the same as the previous Lovely Planet. The ""Arcade"" in the title imples that it's something different. And that's not a bad thing. The original Lovely Planet was great! Fantastic! This Lovely Planet is just a little different, but still great.There's no vertical aim, meaning you only control which horizontal direction you're aiming in. That's one of the biggest changes and it's something that takes a few minutes to get used to.There's less emphasis on exploration and mapping out your own path through the level to try and be just a little bit faster. There is of course a fastest path through the course, but there's less freedom to make up your own. The speed-running in this installment is more based on skill rather than ingenuity, although it does take some ingenuity to find the quickest, most efficient path though the level. But once you find that, your speed is mostly dependent on how skillfully you can navigate the level and shoot the baddies. I think more so than the original, this game has more puzzle elements to the level design, but don't get me wrong, it's still balls-to-the-wall difficult to execute in the harder levels.A few cons.There is currently no level editor. It really seems like a game that would lend itself well to that, so it's a shame that it's not there. The built-in levels are great and all, but replaying the same levels to try and set a new PB can get repetitive.There are no leaderboards. This one really bugs me. I'd love to see how my times are compared to other people's instead of just trying to beat my own all the time. While the original Lovely Planet had leaderboards, I'm pretty sure the top times were broken or full of people glitching the game is various ways, so that might be why there are no leaderboards this time around. Because he couldn't differentiate cheaters. Who knows. It's just a guess.TL;DR It's a great game. No vertical aim takes some getting used to. More puzzle-based in the level design but still very mechanically difficult to pull off in the fastest way possible. If you don't care too much about beating your own times, then you might only get a few hours of entertainment of it, but it's not an expensive game. Sadly no leaderboards or level editor :("
,Not Recommended,436000,25192745,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheNobitsuraKage,The original IMO was a masterpiece but i went in to this intending to judge it as it's own game the first 3 acts are fun but far too easy and short then act 4 introduces enemies that give you a grey screen when you kill them until you shoot another enemy and friendlys the shoot at you that can't be parried this doesn't give a fun challenge it just makes the game irritating and imo unplayable very disapointed.
,Recommended,436000,24466503,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BUS,"Lovely Planet has always had a special place in my heart and this game captures the same emotions for me.It's still fun and fast, with the same great art style, music, and sound effects. Mechanics of each act are interesting and their implementation evolves from level to level.Lovely Planet Arcade feels quite different from the original, but it still delivers the same fun experience. Can't wait for the next iteration of the series!"
,Not Recommended,436000,25077628,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,No Vidja Gamz In Greece,"GO PLAY LOVELY PLANET 1 and avoid this game like the plague it's like the devolper forgot what made first game good.I absolutely loved lovely planet, it was one of my favorite games of last year and I was very much looking forward to the sequel however this game feels like a step back in every sense.-Gameplay far less fluid and fast compared to previous game espcially the jumpings-Locking camera to horizontal plane not only reduces skill required but also just feels awkward and clumsy much like the jumping-Shotgun instead of projectile shot reduces skill in aiming and waiting to reload is annoying-Level design is based around memoriseing locations of enemys and following the path rather than open free flowing levels of lovely planet 1-Lack of veritcal motion and aiming really takes away from what made first game fun."
,Recommended,436000,24701277,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Lovely Planet was a game that took me by complete surprise, because it seemed like it was just any old indie game and I mainly bought it for the cute art style. It ended up being one of the hardest FPSs I've played, and over the dozen or so hours it took me to get all the stars in it my shooter skills as a whole improved a lot in terms of accuracy and reaction time. It's the kind of game where even when it's so hard you think you'll never finish a level, you can't drop it because it's so happy and cute and there's just something about how energetic the game is with how fast you move and how high you jump that goes really well with the extremely good soundtrack.Lovely Planet Arcade is the sequel, and it tries things a bit differently. It goes oldschool with the aiming, removing the Y axis so you can only look left and right. The player moves much slower, and can only jump about half a foot into the air, making it useless except for specific parts where you need to jump. The levels are designed to accomodate this, and instead of having any complex platforming or extreme air jumps the levels are generally small flat planes with fences or houses used to break them up. You also have a new gun, a shotgun that fires in a straight line ahead of you, so you're no longer challenged with the task of guessing where your shots would land from the previously angled wand thing from Lovely Planet. Because of all this, the game is a lot less punishing in terms of mouse skill, but also less fun in my opinion. The accuracy star has been removed, and now the only thing that matters for getting 3 stars is your completion time. Most of the challenge now comes from replaying the levels over and over until you learn the placement of the enemies, which now have special qualities like some that teleport you to them and some that freeze time for a moment, making the levels more like puzzles than shooting galleries. And there's nothing wrong with that, it's still a fun game and if the original game didn't exist I'd probably be giving this one a more positive review, but when you make a game as overall great as Lovely Planet it's hard not to compare the sequel to it, and frankly this game is worse in every way I can think of. Which again isn't to say that it's bad, but if you're debating between this or Lovely Planet I'd say go with the first game for sure. If you're returning and just really want some more of this style of game, this isn't a terrible purchase for its price, but just know what you're getting."
,Not Recommended,436000,24525797,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Beard,"Lovely Planet Arcade is the formula youve known to love with the series, with a twist. There is no Y-axis making quick movements and peaking around corners just as nessasary as it was in the original Lovely Planet. Levels start out easy and become harder over time. The same enemy types from the last game are not used, but instead a whole new array of baddies must be mastered. The worlds are more flat and have less scenery, but this makes additional room for the puzzle aspects of Lovely Planet. Joyful music is to be expected, but in my opinion, is a slight downgrade to the quality of music found in the first lovely planet.the cons--music is more repetitive, worse quality-no longer has a feeling of joy and freedom-since reloading takes time, you have to think about when you shoot and not just where-there is almost no aspect of speedrunning, since each level can be finished in a easy line from start to finish. no more jumping onto scenery for a quicker time here.If youre new to the Lovely Planet series, start out with the original, then move to Arcade for more challenges."
,Recommended,436000,28641056,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KRLDD,"Lovely Planet Arcade is a first person shooter puzzle game, and a sequel to the 2014 title Lovely Planet, which was extremely well received, especially among the speedrunner community. This continuation introduces some drastic changes to gameplay, while still preserving some of the gameplay elements that made the original so enjoyable.The game is separated into four worlds, and about 110 levels in total, each of which take 5 to 20 seconds to complete. The twist however, which has also made its predecessor so unique, is that in order to complete them, you must defeat the levels' enemies and obstacles perfectly. You have to shoot every 'baddie', with some of them trying to do the same to you, take out every distinctly apple-looking bomb before they hit the ground, and collect every coin, which are a new element in this installation. If you fail any of these criteria, you'll have to restart the level, which is instantly done any time you press the -rebindable- R button.The main gameplay change from the first Lovely Planet is instantly noticable upon starting your first level: the shooting is done without a Y axis, meaning you can only shoot objects at the same elevation as you, reminescent of older FPS titles, such as DOOM. This removes some of the dynamism of the previous game. Instead of the previous projectile based pistol, there's now a hit scanning shotgun, which will make shooting targets much easier. You'll also recognize that movement is very different as well: you slowly make your way ahead, instead of the bunnyhopping, trampoline-jumping action of Lovely Planet. These changes could easily be seen as detrimental to the now iconic gameplay of the original game, however you'll later realise that Arcade's gameplay is in fact completely different from that.While in the original you had freedom to explore new paths, and exploit crazy shortcuts for a quicker finish time, this element is completely absent from the sequel. A large factor in this is the previously mentioned slower movement, but also a level design that almost always forces you to a single path. Trying to be creative with how you complete a level will sometimes result in a slower finish time, and usually a quick failure message. This means that each level has a single 'good' solution, that was previously designed by the developer, and your job is to find out what this solution is, and then execute it as perfectly as you can. This lack of freedom may put you off, and that is completely understandable.Many elements of gameplay are introduced as you're playing through each world, that make each level more and more complex. They succeed in keeping the experience fresh, however as the solutions become more convoluted, they may also cause headaches when a handful of times you can't figure out what the designer's intentions were with a certain object. Some of these elements are enemies that give you bullet-time when shot, allowing you to take out falling bombs, or other enemies, that would instantly shoot you otherwise, enemies whose place you'll be teleported to after shooting them, fog over levels, reducing visibility, and even invisible enemies in some cases. As you may already guess from these descriptions, you won't have much success barging into an area, and starting mindlessly shooting your foes, at least past the first few levels. Instead, you'll have to plan a route through each level, and an order in which to take down baddies and bombs, while taking into account teleportation and other elements that a certain level offers. In this, it's similar to games like Hotline Miami, and also the original Lovely Planet, however you'll have to plan much more precisely in Arcade than in these two titles.There are also 13 collectible secrets in the game, finding them are a welcome change of pace compared to the twitchy combat of the main gameplay. The music by Calum Bowen is excellent, although I prefer the original's soundtrack.All of this makes Lovely Planet Arcade a very enjoyable game, however different it may be from Lovely Planet, although it's not without its problems: firstly, some of the levels are quite convoluted, you may spend a couple of minutes on a level just trying to figure out what you are meant to do, while others are much more simple to understand. Secondly, one of the later introduced gameplay elements are invisible enemies, and enemies that completely darken the screen when shot, until you shoot another enemy, or pick up a coin. You can overcome both of these obstacles by learning the levels, however they are extremely annoying the first few times you encounter them. Invisible enemies were also present in the first game, and they are just as annoying and cheap as then, as it's purely trial and error until you remember exactly where to shoot. Screen-darkening enemies are actually not as bad as they sound, since the levels are designed in a way that you can easily brighten the screen after shooting them, but it will take a couple of plays per level to figure out the ways to do so.One of my biggest complaints however, is that the two alternative game modes to 'Normal', are simply mirrored maps, and a fast mode. They are an extremely artificial way to expand the game's content, and what's even more infuriating is that they are presented as new game modes (modifiers), and you are even required to beat them for some achievements. It was a very lazy move to include them, since flipped levels and 1.2x speed adds nothing to the experience.The only ommissions from the game compared to the original, that are not tied to gameplay, are an exciting menu screen, which the original had, while this time we are left with a pretty bland one, and online leaderboards. While as mentioned above there certainly isn't as much room for finding faster paths as in the previous game, I'd have loved to see how I did compared to others, it was really an unfortunate decision to leave them out.All in all, I welcome the changes to the gameplay, and actually applaud QUICKTEQUILA for trying something different, however keep in mind that Arcade is not iterating on the main gameplay of the original Lovely Planet. A couple of design choices are a bit weird, and may leave a bad taste in some players' mouths, but considering the low price point, I'd recommend this game to anyone, especially on a sale."
,Recommended,436000,30613565,Posted: 19 March,all,ｂｏｒｅｂｏｒｎ,"More downplayed and puzzle-oriented version of it's predecessor. While the original 'Lovely Planet' has 'Quake' vibes, this game can be compared to 'Doom' instead. Your vertical view is locked and the platforming elements are (almost) absent. And although you probably will still have some fun, i say buy the original instead."
76561198178600505,Recommended,436000,30483785,Posted: 12 March,all,Pan_Rozum,"If you played the first Lovely Planet, you'll feel right at home. The dynamic is changed a lot though, this time you're using a shotgun and it's all about choosing which enemies to shoot first. Many enemies activate powerups when shot, including teleporation and time freezing, which leads to some really mind boggling action. Like the first game, you go from thinking something is impossible to doing it just a few minutes later. Seems much easier than the first game to me. I beat it in 3 hours, and there was a single level in the first game that took me 3 hours to figure out... A lot of people are complaining about the lack of crazy jumping and aiming and movement from the first game. Doesn't bother me at all, it feels like a quite different sequel with a whole new set of rules, which is what sequels should be in many cases. Soundtrack is once again on point."
,Recommended,436000,25035245,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hattori,"Reading the other reviews here, you would get the sense that this is overall a disappointing sequel to Lovely Planet(a game that you should definitely play).But that really isnt the case here, because this is a spiritual sequel, and not a direct one.You see, Lovely Planet was a game about jumping momentum and preciseness, and it gave alot of freedom to the player to figure out the fastest route to the goal, being a favourite among speedrunners.Lovely Planet Arcade isnt that game.Where Lovely Planet takes inspiration from arena shooters like Quake 3 and Unreal Tournament, Lovely Planet Arcade gets its inspiration from Doom and arcade on-rail shooters.Like Doom, you cannot move on the y-axis, making it so you can only move your gun left and right. This completely changes the way the game is meant to be played versus Lovely Planet.And I can see why people would be mad about this change, since they will not find the player freedom they had in Lovely Planet. But that's really their own fauly, since this isnt being sold a sequel at all.Like those old arcade on rail shooters, the fun of the game is figuring out where every enemy will pop up, knowing where to point right away, because otherwise you will get shot and have to start the level again.Levels are very short, A la Super Meat Boy, so the trial and error nature of the game is completely acceptable.If you enjoy mastering and acing games, shaving off mili seconds of your high score, and twitch shooters where you cant miss a single shot, then this game is for you.If that isnt your cup of tea, then you shoul try something else. This game has no pretenses about what it is. There is no story or main goal, outside of completing the sequence of levels with all of the stars which you get by completing in the fastest time possible, and it contains a deceptively charming artstyle and soundtrack that masks a very punishing and challenging game.But dont let that dissuade you from playing it, it never gets frustrating to the point of giving up.Levels are almost like puzzles, where you need to figure out your sequence of movements, and once you figure that out the level turns into a cake walk.Once you finish all of the levels you unlock two new modes: a mirror mode, which just mirrors the levels to give you a sense that you are playing new stuff, and the fast mode, which makes the game twice and fast and its a really fun experience to try the first few levels with.As for downsides, if you arent very interested in 100% the game, the game is over very fast, lasting about 3 hours top.Also, the last act of the game presents a new mechanic where certain enemies makes the screen go black until you hit another enemy. This can get very frustrating, because it makes you guess where stuff is while blind, and thats never fun.Overall, I'd say buy it. It really depends on what kind of player you are, but I think there is enough here for everyone."
,Not Recommended,436000,24900963,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,decimatormars,"TL;DR: Just play the original game again. This is not a sequel, it's just a bad spinoff.The original was a million times better. This game is VERY different, don't buy it if you're wanting something like the original. Yes, you have to kill all the opponents and reach the end, but other than it's graphical style, that is where the similaritly ends. This is pretty much a spin off, and fails to be as good as the original. The original was speedrun friendly, but the new one, you do everything as fast as possible and hope you get to the end fast enough, there is no multiple paths or routes or new ways to try things, it's just do this one thing, and do it fast. This one relies more on memory than skill as well. The original game was so uniuqe, but this game is so limited.Not worth the same price as the original.On it's own, it's a pretty decent game, but when I can get a MUCH better game at the exact same price, with the same graphical style and objective, it's just... sad.I loved to original so much, I bought this immediately. I feel bad for everyone who did the same."
,Recommended,436000,24487533,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nabs,"I'm really liking Lovely Planet Arcade. If the first game controlled more like Quake, this one is more like old school DOOM or Wolfenstein 3D. They simplified a lot, but they turned up the puzzle factor a ton. Some enemies will slow down time, others will teleport you to their location, and some will require you to jump to get over their armor. You have to kill enemies in the right order, the right way, and quickly. The trailer doesn't really do it justice. I was really worried about the removal of the y-axis and the limited jump, but I feel this game stands on its own. It's definitely worth the $5 if you're into arcade titles like this. For some reason, they left out the leaderboard. I hope they plan on patching it in, because I loved comparing my scores with my friends.Don't buy it if you need a storyline and lots of cutscenes.Do buy if you're a cool person with some patience. It's fun."
76561198030181863,Recommended,436000,24480719,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,games_with_planets,"This is preliminary review, so it might change when I encounter later mechanics.TLDR:Like the last game, slow and steady wins the race, more so here because you can't quickly fire, you must be precise with your shots. It's no longer a platformer, more a straffy shoot things in the correct order but watch out for surprise enemies kind of game with similar graphical and musical design as the original. Overall an easier game than the original, but with a similar though more lade back charm. Unique, but I hope you can learn to love it if you are put off at first. [sidenote: this is not your average shooter so don't expect it to be. ]Review:The original Lovely Planet is one of my favourite games on steam (though I haven't quite finished it yet). I don't normaly like shooters, particularly First Person Shooters, but the Original Lovely Planet showed me, through it's pick me up soundtrack, over the top cutesy graphics, exploratory game play (because discovering what is going to kill you, and how you can kill it efficiently is half the fun) and excellent platformy shooty FPS courses that make you feel like a boss when you three star them, that I could not only enjoy an FPS, but come to include one in my top 2 pc games. That's a big feat.So, I was excited, but weary of a sequal. And with good reason.First, Lovely Planet Arcade is not the same game, and I can't see it joining Lovely Planet at the top of my list just yet (But it might grow on me so who knows).******************EDITHalf way through act 2 and I love it, this game is fantastic!************************Differences:The first thing I noticed before I had even started moving was the big ol shotgut in centre screen. The original had a very magical wand like 'machine gun'(?) of sorts, so for me that was a bit off putting/disappointing, but I guess it's a shooter so what could I expect. (still, it squeeks when you fire so..)Now, this is more than just a skin. It affects the gameplay in a number of ways. First off, it obscures the screen a teensy bit, and when you fire, there's a puff of smoke, also obscuring what's in front of you, so you have to be a little more aware of your surroundings. Unlike the last game, you can hit multiple enemies with your shotgun which becomes integral if you want those 3 stars. The shotgun also reloads slower so make your shot count.Your movement is more controlled. You can't jump very high and there's no falling off of edges (so it's not really a platformer), and you can no longer aim up or down, you can only turn left and right which makes straffing a core mechanic (I imagine this will make it easier to play with a controller). You also collect coins.The music is less pick me up and more chill relax. Overall it is an easier game.Things I like:I like how the game leads you around. Bombs will fly past enemies, showing you the way, but ready to expload if you miss your one shot. I actually like the fog, despite some of the other reviews. It provides moments when you know the enemy is there, but you're never really sure how close, so you have to click quick. Creative use of jump :) The overall feeling of the game is relaxing. Like the last game, new mechanics are surprising which is a joy. You still have to think.Like the last game, slow and steady wins the race, more so here because you can't quickly fire, you must be precise with your shots. It's no longer a platformer, more a straffy shoot things in the correct order but watch out for surprise enemies kind of game with similar graphical and musical design as the original. Overall an easier game than the original, but with a similar though more lade back charm. Unique, but I hope you can learn to love it if you are put off at first. [sidenote: this is not your average shooter so don't expect it to be. ]"
,Recommended,436000,28539170,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,panc,You shotgun your hostile neighbours
,Recommended,436000,32227070,Posted: 6 June,all,Zockerx96,"An old school fps with a chinese look. It's hard, so be prepared.Also have in mind that it is very different to the first game, so it's not a platformer anymore.Overall I must say I enjoyed the first one more."
76561197971596465,Not Recommended,436000,26356204,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hatless,"Lovely Planet was a game about leaping and flying through a brightly coloured candyland. It was brilliant and skill-testing and if you take anything away from this review, it's that you should go play it.Lovely Planet Arcade is a game about walking slowly around a village killing people.The damnedest thing is that they are made with the same game engine and mostly the same art assets.For instance: Lovely Planet had a brilliant flying jump that you could use to make your own path through the stage. Lovely Planet Arcade has the same jump, but there is an invisible ceiling a few feet above your head. You bonk against the ceiling, hover uselessly for a few seconds, and fall.Why did the developer add an invisible ceiling, rather than disabling the jump or reducing its vertical speed? Maybe they lost the source code.To accommodate the invisible ceiling and slow movement, the previous game's complex three-dimensional envionments have shrunk and become two-dimensional. The vibrant colours have become muted shades of beige and khaki.Looking up or down is disabled. Not for any visible reason, but because the stages would be too easy if you could destroy obstacles at foot level.Lovely Planet was a game about speed and movement. The 'baddies' were brightly-coloured abstractions, guides to the perfect speedrunning line.Lovely Planet Arcade is a game about killing. Your enemies are stylised humanoid figures. Some carry rifles and bazookas. They will kill you many times. Others are unarmed. You shoot them with your shotgun. If you leave any unkilled, you fail and the level resets.Lovely Planet Arcade plays like a romhack of the previous game, assembled by a person who doesn't understand what made the original good. Astonishingly, this isn't the game's biggest problem.Put it together: The shotgun, the village, the slow march, the humanoid figures, some unarmed. The mandatory killing.QUICKTEQUILA have made the world's first genocide-themed arcade game.Not recommended."
,Recommended,436000,24481828,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Qsaws,"Same visual style and sound identity as the first game but the gameplay is very different while keeping it's original taste.My only complain so far is it seams we have less liberty with the route/strat for each level and there is no online score board.But apart from that, it's still the hardcore fps about optimizing your strategy, memorizing the enemies positions and getting better."
,Recommended,436000,24553132,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SortOfDan,"Absolutely love it! Downloaded it last night and currently going threough Act 2. A fun game that you can jump in and play for a few minutes... or can spend hours perfecting the route to take and sequence to take down enemies to get a three star rating.Simple arcade shooting on the surface, really interesting puzzle game if you want it to be!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5OnrAwlTB4"
,Recommended,436000,24548487,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NPC #888,"Its everything you love about the first game, in streamlined form.No more wasting valuable time leading shots, you have hitscan now.Losing because the apples hit the ground before you could see where they were? Now they are more visible and easier to hit.The 3 star system is fixed to be more about speed than accuracy now too, so getting a level finshed fast feels more rewarding than a chore.The ""hardcore"" fans may not like the changes, but this is a spinoff/sequel. Sometimes change is needed."
,Recommended,436000,24471564,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nivomi,"Very preliminary review:Plays like a really weird arcade version of DOOM - you can only move, and move your aim left and right, and yet this simplicity only serves to focus the gameplay?Very different from Lovely Planet in terms of gameplay, but very similar in style and ""flow""-ness. Not sure how it'll hold up as I play on, but! A decent price and another great Calum Bowen soundtrack leave me reccomending this."
,Not Recommended,436000,33194336,Posted: 3 July,all,Eeglis,"Even with my short playtime I was able to tell that the original ""Lovely PLanet"" game is a much more solid game in my eyes. There was a free movement unlike in this one, your aim is locked in horizontal axis and you no longer shoot projectiles. There's fun to be had, but I've gotto recommend Lovely Planet over this one."
,Recommended,436000,24489889,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,(GoT) EverCoo,"I played, and loved, the original Lovely Planet.  So when I heard this game was coming out, I was hyped to say the least.  When I first started playing Lovely Planet Arcade, it took a while to get used to.  If any of you have already played the original and are planning to play this one, go into it with an open mind.  It's very different.  A major difference is the speed.  Your character's speed in this game is A LOT slower than in lovely planet.  However, what it lacks in speed it makes up for it in the gameplay, and it actually feels a lot more fast paced than the original in some levels.  Another thing that you'll need to get used to is, like in the original doom, this game has no vertical mouselook.  Your sight is strictly locked in a horizontal axis. Because of this, I was a little worried about the game.  But, once I got to Act 2, I found myself having a lot of fun.  But then, unfortunately, the game starts to get a little more frustrating.  Now, in the original Lovely Planet, I found that everytime I died, it was almost always my fault.  The game was challenging but completely fair, and unfortunately I cannot say that for this game.  This game has INVISIBLE enemies, with no indication that they are there until you are DEAD.  In fact, there are many aspects of this game that force you to die in order to understand how to beat the level.  For instance, there are enemies that will blind you when you shoot them and the only thing that will get your sight back is getting a coin or shooting another enemy.  Problem is, you have to know where the enemies are in order to shoot them.  So essentially, these aspects of the game make parts of act 3 and ESPECIALLY act 4, completely trial and error.  So, with all this negativity thrown out here, you're probably wondering why I'm still recommending this game.  Well, because the levels in Act 2 were extremely fun and I was having a blast playing them.  There are many levels in this game that are fair and fun.  However, I think I can only recommend this to fans of the original Lovely Planet.  If you didn't play that game, I don't really think you should bother with this one.  OVERALL: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,436000,24465039,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"I really liked Lovely Planet, but while that game was a weirdly chill shooting experience with fun and neat-looking levels, this is mostly just a repetitive mess. i hope you like tediously re-shooting the same five people several times until you get the exact time needed for 3 stars which btw is not very fun because the levels are so short that there's ♥♥♥♥all to do except memorize them and then do it by rote. ♥♥♥♥in lame yo"
76561198298782917,Recommended,436000,24478687,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Winnie_The_Shizzy,"This is only my second game review on Steam.....and the other, funnily enough was the original Lovely Planet!I am more than happy to give this game a thumbs up, wouldn't dream of doing otherwise, and can still heartily recommend it to anyone and everyone........that said, I do have a few quick negatives:1) this seems to max out at only 720p, and when you go to full-screen, it does seem to slightly overrun the screen - and the mouse, weirdly, will no longer reach the edge of the screen, forcing you to navigate the menu by keyboard (though at least it doesn't seem to adversely impact actual gameplay). Hopefully they fix both these in future updates. This game begs for 1080. Also, even though less is happening in this game than in the first one (as detailed below), this one actually makes my computer run hotter than the first one, implying to me that there are still wrinkles in the code that need to be ""dewrinklified"". :-)2) As hinted at above, this game is NOT ""Lovely Planet with a shotgun"" as one other reviewer said. It is a completely different game, a much simpler, more basic, more rudimentary game. In that sense, being a sequel, it's more of a regression than a progression.Think of it this way, if Lovely planet is Quake II, this game is Wolfenstein 3D (with a very wooden jump feature baked in). There's no looking up or down, no aiming other than left or right, the ground is flat, there's no platforming aspect, you can't fall to your death, or anything like that. And like those two reference games of old, this one is also a little slower. Now, whether this makes this game worse, or better than the original is entirely a matter of your personal taste, dependent on which you prefer of Quake 2 or Wolfenstein 3D.....only, you are in for quite a surprise (and possibly a disappointing surprise) if you're expecting more of the same, or a more action packed version of the same out of this sequel.But that's where the gripes end! This game is FUN! And FUNNY! I was laughing out loud over the ridiculous assortment of things it says when you die in the game! And as I got further into the game, that kept happening more and more often!This game, for as vastly different as it is from the original as detailed above, somehow still manages to find a very similar and familiar balance of everything right in the world that the first one does: cute, endearing retro-style flat polygonal graphics, and wonderful, engaging, amazingly retro music, though this one's soundtrack makes me think more ""Super NES"", where the first one makes me think those wonderful launch-era Saturn and PS1 games (even though this soundtrack is much ""higher fidelity"" than what an actual SNES could handle). Also, it has a very familiar way of starting crazy easy, crazy simple, only to start ramping up the difficulty, and complexity even though it really isn't more complex at all. There are also a couple nice touchstones between it and the original, such as insta-death bombs that you have to shoot out of the air, and lethal red slime. So from this perspective, this game IS ""Lovely Planet with a shotgun"" after all.Preliminarily, I can't decide which one I'll ultimately like better. They just scratch such different itches, but do it with the same cutesy, heart-warming, master-crafted aplomb! For only $6, I genuinely cannot recommend this game highly enough! Go buy it.....and you're welcome! :-)"
,Recommended,436000,24513278,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cyril,"Is it as good as the original game? Nah. The game is too restricted and the controls are not nearly as fun.Is it still good? Yeah. It's a different kind of game for sure, it's more like a puzzle game than anything else. While the original had aspects of this in the last two worlds, it's pretty much the entirety of the gameplay here, figuring out the order to shoot enemies and how to optimize levels to shave off milliseconds and get those three stars.There are definitely some design issues though; for one, the invisible enemies were decisively a bad idea. They only show up for 6 levels in total, and those levels I would dub ""the meme levels"" because they almost had to be made just for a joke. You will die to literally every invisible enemy your first time through because there is literally no way to tell they exist. The blind mechanic is also misused in a few places, it feels like, and is sort of a silly mechanic to begin with, but ehh. There's a few levels where the intended path is a bit unclear; 5-11 in particular I had to explore around to figure out what the hell was going on. And right as the game introduces a new concept that changes one aspect of the gameplay... it ends two levels later. A bit late to introduce that concept, it feels like, but what do I know.There's still a high execution factor in these levels and some of the time limits are almost infuriatingly tight to the point of feeling like you got lucky when you're a few milliseconds under the time limit instead of a few over like the last few runs. And the game is definitely shorter than the original; there are slightly more levels, but the average level length is much shorter, and there's no titanically challenging levels like the original game had in its last two worlds. Perhaps no huge sense of accomplishment for beating any specific level either, it's not as thrilling to play in that sense.But the main factor is that I enjoyed the game. It's different, but I'm fine with that; remaking the same game with different levels probably wouldn't have ended well, the originall Lovely Planet is a fully-realized and tightly-made game that didn't really need more levels (though I'd still totally play a Lovely Planet 2 in that same style, for sure)."
,Recommended,436000,24492924,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,langdonx,"Had no idea this was coming out, but when I saw it in the store, I didn't hesitate for a second to buy it.If you enjoyed Lovedly Planet OR LIKE VIDEO GAMES, you'll enjoy this.  Guaranteed."
,Recommended,436000,26135676,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,zimmer550king,"I have played Lovely Planet before. That game was brutal but this one's quite easy. However, it's still a challenge. Kind of reminds me of Skulltag and zdoom because of the doom like movement with moderate jumping. The jump is weird. Your character ascends way too fast and then lags downwards. Still a great game."
76561198300290655,Recommended,436000,24645818,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mrvmister man69,Its a fun game but i do not think its worth 5.99
76561198097675823,Recommended,436000,26054412,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"its a great game the new mechanics includes bullet time, enemies that make you blind until you grab a coin and a couple short levels up to 2 to 3 minutes long, if you come from the original lovely planet 1 there is a couple things to consider before buying it, this one is a lot more focused in the combat, there is not a single platiform section, you jump for solve action puzzles, and thats it, and the linux port doesn't work very well, it seems to be a outdated version of the game where some of the bombs don't work and the teleports also don't work, I still prefer this one over the original in my opinion+challenging+great soundtrack+fast paced+straghtforward gameplay-linux port have some horrible bugs10/10"
,Recommended,436000,25055016,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lone Wanderer,It's fun
,Recommended,436000,24488569,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,whatsgood?,Tidy time killer!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b7hM7_9v8o
,Recommended,436000,28893579,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rebrahimy,"If you liked ""Lovely Planet"", you'll like its sequel. It still retains that time-heavy aspect that makes you redo each level so as to gain that elusive 3 stars while brining a completely new game to the table. I wouldn't know how QUICKTEQUILA could possibly make a sequel that is similar to the original ""Lovely Planet"", for if they did, it would simlpy seem all too familiar - new levels and new settings would not warrant such development, and having the old-school shooter genre implemented into the series makes the game all the more enjoyable. I'm excited to see where the developers will go in handling the future of this franchise because I know it will be atleast fresh."
,Not Recommended,436000,28929433,Posted: 1 January,all,Awpteamoose,"I really loved the original Lovely Planet, but this one just isn't the same, even though it looks simillar. The game feel is there, but it's just too simple, to the point of feeling dumbed down."
,Recommended,436000,33493386,Posted: 12 July,all,shamu,Still fun but not as good as the first Lovely Planet.
