user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198096564734,Not Recommended,436290,33661212,Posted: 19 July,all,Niz,"Seems more like a mobile game than a PC or console game. The depth of games like FFT and Disgaea will not be found here. It is a simpler game, to say the least. Unfortunately that is a huge problem for a tactical turn based RPG, as that is a main attraction for players of those games.The game has no classes/jobs, skill or attribute points, weapons and other equipment, items, etc. There are cards, and sets of dice. As you level, you unlock or upgrade them automatically, and your few base stats are auto-upgraded.This is a first impression as of now, I just couldn't sit on it because I had to respond to the people claiming this is a successor of FFT and various things like that. Those comments convinced me to buy this, and I feel like I have to leave this for other people like me who are swayed by those reviews.So far, I don't recommned this for anyone who finds the issues I mentioned to be valid. Otherwise, have at it."
,Not Recommended,436290,33799902,Posted: 25 July,all,.:|NADS|Catalyst|:.,"What is this game?Children of Zodiarcs is a turn-based isometric strategy game reminiscent of theFinal Fantasy Tacticsseries. This game distinguishes itself by incorporating unique deck-building and dice-crafting elements into its combat system. Essentially, each character has a deck of cards that serves as their ""abilities"", while their dice can modify these abilities and affect RNG (such as damage dealt). It sounds complicated, but the system is very easy to learn.You ShouldBuyThis Game If:You're looking to scratch thatTacticsitch and want a game that is easy to pick-upYou likeTacticsgameplay more than story (Zodiarcs' story is very straightforward)You like deck-building and theorycraftingYou ShouldSkipThis Game If:You are expecting the depth and content ofFinal Fantasy Tactics(this is a much simpler game)You like squad-building (squad growth in Zodiarcs is entirely linear and only customizable via deck-building)You want a long and engaging story (main story takes around 10 hours)My Personal Opinion (Recommendation Reflects This)As a quick disclaimer, I am aHUGEFinal Fantasy Tacticsfan and have sunk hundreds of hours into 100%ingTactics AdvanceandTactics A2. With the latter having come out a whopping ten years ago, I have been dying for another FFT experience. When Zodiacs released, I bought it instantly in hopes of filling this void.As a result of this, I can't help but feel disappointed in Zodiarcs. It isn't a bad game; I played for a solid 12 hours at my own free will and completed its story. However, Zodiarcs seemed to lack the depth I was looking for. For starters, there are very few playable characters, and most of them are around for only one or two missions. The party size is strangely set to three, which really limits what you can accomplish during each turn. There is no job system, no equipment, and your character grows linearly when leveling up, leaving very little room for squad building/customizing.I am well aware that complexity doesn't equal better. Zodiarcs doesn't need all of this extraneous stuff if the core game is satisfying without it. However, each character has an extremely limited ability set (something like 10 if you unlock them all, which I didn't even accomplish in my full playthrough), and character abilities seem redundant to each other. For example, the main character, Nahmi, has multiple skills that target a single adjacent enemy, with virtually no ranged or AOE whatsoever. This type of kit design really pigeonholes the role of each character in your party. No matter how you construct your deck, Nahmi will always be single-target physical damage, and many (though not all) of your other characters fall in the same boat. This really stifles player creativity and can make the core gameplay a bit stale.I also wish the enemies were a little more inspired. Most of the time you're killing generic baddies, with an occasional random boss that has no backstory. The enemies have really bland attacks that either just do damage or debuff you, and these debuffs are often trivial and can be ignored (at least on Normal difficulty).Simply put, if you like Tactics games in general and want to play something with unique, easy-to-learn mechanics, maybe give this one a try. But for those expecting the depth and content provided inFinal Fantasy Tactics, Zodiarcs will likely leave you wanting more."
76561198041330288,Recommended,436290,33634826,Posted: 18 July,all,Maxx Saigen,"Children of Zodiarcs is an SRPG where instead of just picking basic attacks or skills, you use cards and dice to change the outcome of your attacks. This mix of card game, dice game, and strategy game make for interesting dynamic battles. There is a bit of a luck factor with the dice and card draws, but I never felt like I had to roll the perfect thing to do well. Thus, I think RNG is handled well.The probably greatest strength to this, however, is how much customization there is in the cards and the dice. This allows for many different play-styles, and there is so much to experiment with. I'm sure no 2 people will have the same idea or build.The maps are difficult (in terms of hard mode), but not head bashing difficult. This is a nice balance that makes me think, but allows me to keep going forward.The music of the game is beautiful and feels like it fits. The visuals are unique, but not quite the best I've seen. Still, they are pleasing to the eye and aren't jarring to look at.I haven't payed too much to the story, but the characters seem to not have cliched personalities.Overall, I would rate this game a 9/10, and I think is a must for those who love SRPG's and want a taste of something new and fresh."
,Not Recommended,436290,33709375,Posted: 21 July,all,DeathByChicken,"Time to complete the game on normal is approximately 9 hours, if you do a few elite skirmishes and whatnot to build your characters up for the end. The final battle is tough, although I won't say why. The story of this game is okay, but not enough is told in cutscenes, so you have to listen to their stories often to fill the gaps.What I like:- A look and feel somewhat like Final Fantasy Tactics-Enemies ragdoll after being killed to sometimes hilarious effect-Music is not over the top like most games these daysWhat I do not like:- Rolling dice, especially with the cursed dice that nearly every enemy puts on you non stop throughout the game- Attacks via cards: I get it, trying to be different is expected, but I wasn't a fan of this setup- While this game has the look and feel of FFT, it lacks classes, equipment, unique enemies, a large story with side quests, and much much more- The music, while not over the top, is totally forgettable.I bought this game after following it for some time, and was hoping for a Final Fantasy Tactics esque experience. I not only didn't find that experience in this game, I finished it feeling slightly disappointed, having completed all the side story and missions in the game in a short period of time.  Nothing about this game makes me want to come back and continue playing, as there isn't anything to do that would extend the game for me. I really like the styling, and the ragdoll physics, but sadly thats where it all ends for me.Conclusion:If you like dice rolling games, this might be for you, however, if you are looking for a Final Fantasy Tactics experience, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,436290,33738447,Posted: 23 July,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros:+Great Soundtrack+Insane Boss Fight+deck building and unique play style.Cons-You need to grind skirmish to get passed certain boss fight.-dice rolling will get old and is unessesary.-Unbalance XP distribution.Conclusion : Mixing these genres offers lots of interesting possibilities, but Children of Zodiarcs frustratingly constrains options to the point where you don't get to explore the system. the game isn't awful, the new concept is a bit hard to play by since the dice is what plays the main part of the game that decide the fate of your character. If This is not the type SRPG you are looking for , then wait for the sale and buy it."
,Not Recommended,436290,34064987,Posted: 6 August,all,SLEEPafk,"The card & dice idea is fun but you never get to enjoy it. Choosing different cards and different dice is locked behind leveling up & beating missions. This makes the first half of the game extremely repetitive & boring wth no options. Still barely had any options by the time I beat the game. Carrot on a stick forever. The story & character dialogue gets extremely repetitive and unintelligent, with one guy's entire role to repeatedly state ""I just met you guys today and I'm from another country, I don't know why I'm helping you kill so many of your enemies!"""
76561198075185570,Not Recommended,436290,34307697,Posted: 17 August,all,Daevut,"I bought this game originally because everyone was talking about how similar it is to FFT(Final Fantasy Tactics). If it wasn't for the grid-style combat, I would have refunded this game, but instead i'm just going to blow through it and move on.This game brings talk of FFT similarity, but this game is nothing like it aside from grid-style screenshots. The story/dialogue is childish, simplistic, and should never be compared to the dark-political plot of FFT. The dialogue is so bad I am embarrassed to play it in front of my girlfriend. The art style is an opinion, but I think they tried to copy FFT's weathered animated style and absolutely failed, resulting in a child-like cartoon style.Combat-wise, the game is ALRIGHT. The grid style is it's saving grace, but aside from that the dice system becomes a little boring and too RNG based, and the card system is just annoying. There is no equipment custumization AT ALL, which is ridiculous.To sum up, if you are excited to play a FFT clone DO NOT buy this. If you don't know what FFT is or you aren't really into grid-tactical combat NEVER buy this."
76561198005667708,Recommended,436290,33690597,Posted: 21 July,all,Hesmah,"The dice and card system of the game is really nice.It might seem a bit shallow at first, but once your characters level up and gain access to wider variety of cards and dice with a lot of customization thrown in, you realize how much depth this games combat system has.I'm playing on hard mode and have had to retry a few missions couple of times. The game can be punishing to mistakes, but it doesn't feel unfair.Story is decent so far, I personally don't like playing adult hating kids, but at least the characters have some depth to it.I haven't played as much as steam shows (Forgot the game on while away for about 10 hours), but I've still played a good amount and it doesn't seem to be approaching the end just yet.A beta patch that fixed my biggest problem with the game (Insanely long enemy turns) has been released, which makes this game deserve the thumbs up in my opinion."
,Recommended,436290,33645182,Posted: 18 July,all,Kearavain,"TLDRThe game is much like old SRPG games with a card and dice system instead of skills and gear. If you're an old SRPG fan you most likely will enjoy this if you allow yourself to explore a different approach to the class system.InformationYou can skip cutscenes if you choose, press ESC and click the button.PostivesFresh Take on SRPGDecks can be customizedDice can be customizedEven though the ""card"" system adds more RNG, you have a fair degree of control of the RNG through customizing and rerolling.Some basics elements of card strategy can be used very effectively in this game. For example,understanding your probability of drawing a needed card and focusing on card draw is very beneficial.UnsureThe card system does not seem as robust as the class system in other SRPGs, need more time with it to know for sure.I am nearing the end of the third act and can see an interesting story, but it has yet to fully reveal itself.NegativesThey could add many quality of life improvements, navigating the map could be improved with keyboard controls (WASD for moving the camera and QE for rotating for example).The camera does not rotate on skills to make sure you see the action. You can do it manually of course.They may want to add a speed up option, or the ability to remove enemy dice rolls - it can become repetitive after a few hours of play.Some of the protagonists can be annoying, this could be due to the choice of having them as young children.Children of Zodiarcs is a SRPG in the lines of Final Fantasy Tactics or Tactics Orge. In lieu of gear and skills, the game uses cards and dice. At first, I was disenfranchised by this choice, after about 5 hours of play I must say it is an interesting system. Currently, I prefer the classes and gear system, but I have a lot more experience with it.Each character has a specific deck of cards that determine the skills they can use in a fight, much in kin to the class seen in related games. Each character has a different deck that can be customized, which adds an interesting layer of depth by ""customize classes.""Attacking consists of you selecting a card and throwing your dice, much like in tabletop DnD. Each die augments the card used, for example, increasing damage or unlock latent powers. You are allowed to reroll two dice for each card use. The rolling system gives you a lot of control over the flow of the battle. For example, if you are low on health you can roll for a healing bonus - or if you are running out of cards, roll for card draw. The die themselves can be customized as you progress throughout the game. I found that having specialized die is more beneficial than trying to have a 'jack-of-all-trades' die - as it removes control of what you want each card to do.The story does have me asking questions about the origins of the characters, the Zodiarcs, and the world itself. The graphics give you the false impression the world is cheerful and full of joy, but in reality, the world is very dark. It is an odd contrast that I never realized until I started reading the flavor dialogues the game offers between missions. It has peaked my interest, whether it fleshes out as it progresses remains to be seen.In closing, I had no intention of playing the game this long. It hit the SRPG itch I have had for a few years. I will try to keep this updated as I progress throughout the game."
,Recommended,436290,33867451,Posted: 28 July,all,SmartChimp,"I want to start with saying I enjoyed my time with this game but I still feel it has many flaws.  Children of Zodiarcs has many things going for it and to me fulfilled most of its goals.  I played the entire game including the side story and the complete arena, along with probably 12 skirmishes and it lasted me around 25 hours.  I was sold on a strategic deckbuilding game with dice, so if you don't care for deckbuilding or dice rolling, you may want to pass on this game.StoryThe story is centered around a band of children thieves and murderers.  Even though when you kill someone, the body disappear, the game make sure that you know that you are killing people and that most of your actions are unjustified, as much as your characters themselves feel that they are.  The story is about a heist for this group to get rich and explores how the environment of the main cast has shaped them into basically villains.  It worked for me but for the most part lacked depth due to the amount of characters and length of the game.  I enjoyed most of the characters, I feel most had interesting stories but would have enjoyed a lot more if the characters and world just got a little more fleshed out.GameplayI played on hard and found it quite challenging in the beginning, although by the end I found I was struggling a lot less.  The hardest part of the game was the arena which I finished before the end of the game.  I did not really struggle on the last boss but I probably spent 3-4 hours on the last level of the arena.  The challenge level of the game was quite good to me for the midgame to last quarter, but then my characters got to such a power level that everything felt easy.  Although the game can be pretty punishing in that a weaker character could die if 3 enemies could hit it and the game tends to swarm you.I quite enjoy deckbuilding games, I have 100s of hours in Gwent and 1000s of hours in Hearthstone, so I am usually in when a game has any deckbuilding elements.  I enjoy the base implementation of the decks and dice, it works quite well where the dice can play off the cards and has some interesting synergies.But I feel there's a lack of depth here too.  There are really only three types of cards:  attack, healing, buff (including draw a card) and debuff.  Everyone of these cards can also be aoe and some debuffs/buff are also combined with attack cards, like you can get regeneration if you roll enough stars.  The intital depth feels really good but as the game goes on I feel there doesn't feel like enough variety or counterplay.  Your character get hit with debuffs and there's no way to get rid of it.  I would like to see some shift character around, or a type of teleport or just sometime more to add to the positional strategy.  It just felt that the AI had to walk into the aoe or there was nothing I could really do to set it up.  All the attacks can do damage and apply a debuff or a buff on the character.  I would just like to see a little more strategic depth here.  With all that being said the system is quite servicable and the mechanics do well for the first bit of the game.  Another thing that the decks have going for it is that each character does have a theme that cards reflect quite well.I prefer a dice system over just a straight percentile base system, where card whold just have a chance of doing X.  It also leads to a nice synergy between choosing your dice to suit the cards you put in your deck, none of your cards require stars, you can choose to focus on something else.  Also being able to reroll dice also helps you play around with the randomness of the game.  With that being said I think the playing around with the dice is another system they could have fleshed out more.  The dice have different levels, i.e. you can get a level 1 die, but the faces that I wanted didn't level up, the stars, the draw cards and the take an extra turn all don't level up.  A lot of the other sides of the dice, shards(extra dmg/healing), defense (makes counterattacks deal less damage) and healing all feel kind of pointless.  The extra damage or healing don't feel like they add enough,  especially when healing because I usually overheal everyone.  The defense doesn't matter for a lot of the rolls because there is not counterattacks to probably 60-70% of the die rolls, and  the healing die face feels rarely like enough compared to the other 3 sides.  At the end of the day though, the system still works and is fun to play around with.  The whole dice also kind of relects the characters just  like the card system.With all that being said I did have fun with the gameplay, I just wish it was expanded on a little bit more, it does have some unique gameplay mechanics.Visuals and MusicI really like the visuals of this game, although one character for some reason, it's model looked weird (Reize).  I don't really feel like I need to review this much, since you can just look at the screenshots and videos yourself.I enjoyed the music but it wasn't spectacular just serviceable.  I was happy with it.OverallI enjoyed this game, I just wish it was flesh out a little bit more than it was.  I did get my value for the game, it was a $20 game that I got 25ish hours from the game and enjoyed most of my time with it.  I would like to see the concept built upon a little bit more but as is, it is a good game.  If you don't like the idea of a deckbuilding/dice strategy game, you probably won't like the game."
,Not Recommended,436290,33732172,Posted: 22 July,all,Corence,"This game has a lot of ideas with great potential, but disappoints in how it never explores the most interesting parts of its own mechanics.Children of Zodiarcs is a mix of cards, dice, and strategy RPG. On each turn, you can move each unit and have them play a card from their hand, which corresponds to typical RPG actions like attacking and healing. Resolving each action involves rolling dice which add effects to the resolution of the card.Mixing these genres offers lots of interesting possibilities, but Children of Zodiarcs frustratingly constrains options to the point where you don't get to explore the system. The player is allowed to customize two aspects: which cards are in their deck and what symbols are on their basic dice. The problem is that most of the player choices are too simple. For example: does your mage want an AOE spell that hits enemies for 30 damage each, or a spell that will reduce the enemy damage by 1 for three turns? Similarly, there are only 6 possible dice symbols you can craft, and some of them are clearly superior to others so the main limiting factor is grinding for dice materials rather than making clever choices that match your deck's goals.The cards available to you is also decided entirely by your character level. You get access to new cards as you level, and your old cards will be upgraded in predetermined ways. Using something like booster packs or allowing players to customize the card upgrade process would give many more options, as well as offering replay value since your characters would be different each time. The fun of deck building games is discovering strong combinations of cards, but Children of Zodiarcs doesn't give you this feeling since all the meaningful choices have been made by the developers.The actual combat is just okay. I'm disappointed in their choices with the AI: it's a game where the enemy always outnumbers you, but due to the poor AI you can win fights. Enemies are often scripted to pass their turns until you get sufficiently close to them, which means most fights are about figuring out how the enemy is scripted or when additional enemies are scripted to spawn rather than actual tactics against a competent opponent. This is a relatively common choice in grid-based RPGs (unfortunately), so I can't hold it against them too much.All this said, the game isn't awful, but while playing it I can't help but see how the game could have been so much more. As is, Card Hunter explores the cross-over of CCG and SRPG much better."
76561197996915263,Recommended,436290,34046236,Posted: 5 August,all,bmaxwell,"My favorite game is Final Fantasy Tactics. I'll be using that game as a comparison here, as I've been chasing that dragon since 1997.Children of Zodiarcs isn't another FFT. It does, however, scratch that itch as good or better than any other SRPG I've played since. It feels like an obvious inspiration here. Beyond the turn-based combat on a grid, some of the themes are present in both games (the social class divide, ancient relics playing a role).The biggest obvious differences:- Zodiarcs uses cards and dice where FFT does not. Whether this is a positive or negative comes down to personal preference. I thought the randomness of the dice would be off-putting, but it's not. An attack will do a range of dmaage, based on a roll of the dice (you can always re-roll 2 of those dice also). So you might roll poorly, but you'll never flat-out miss like in Tactics (95% chance to hit? 5% chance to whiff and ♥♥♥♥ everything up).- No class changing. My favorite aspect of FFT was the ability to change classes. You could borrow skills from class to use in another, and that gave the game a very ""roll your own"" feel. In Zodiarcs, you'll play 6 characters over the course of the game. Each has their own unique cards and play style, and they feel distinct from one another. You can't have a Samurai who wields time magic though.The deck building element is pretty tame. As you gain levels, you get access to new cards and old cards get upgraded. This never got overwhelming. Likewise for the dice crafting. This took up only a small portion of my play time. It's enough to engage with, but not so much to feel like a hassle.I'm very happy with Children of Zodiarcs, especially for the price tag. I wish it had been longer, but I can't really hold that against it. I can confidently recommend it to SRPG fans."
,Recommended,436290,33908232,Posted: 30 July,all,Plato Karamazov,"I've spent a good deal of time on this game. I'm on Story Mission 7 and I've been grinding a lot and trying to farm dice.I've tried to play a lot of tactical RPGs over the years: Disgaea, Final Fantasy Tactics, FF Tactics Advance 1 & 2, Tactics Ogre on the GBA, the list goes on. All of them were too difficult or tedious for me.And along came Children of the Zodiarcs. No, there are no jobs or classes; weapons or equipment; just dice and cards. This most assuredly not Final Fantasy Tactics.What it is, however, is a traditional, story-driven RPG with tactical combat mechanics tacked on. And, I assure you, it is damned good. I love that your move set is dictated by the cards in your characters' decks, and the dice throwing gives you extra bonuses, from a few extra damage to an extra turn (It is possible to turn Nahmi into a killing machine, as one of her moves gives her an extra turn for 1 star, and she can also have a few lightning bolt dice on top of that. I have had her take 3-4 turns in a row on several occasions!). I find this to be a brilliant take on tactics gameplay.On top of that, the game is extremely fair, and as long as you are smart about movement and positioning, you will survive. People have complained about Missions 4 and 5, but I had no problem. Bait enemies one at a time, stay together, and you will win.There are a few features that I wish that the developers would add: I would love to use WASD for map panning, I want to zoom out farther, and I want faster camera rotation. Those are very small things, and in no way do they impact my enjoyment of the game.If you're on the fence about Children of the Zodiarcs, I urge you to set your favorite tactics games aside for a minute to try something new, You won't regret it."
76561198042526657,Not Recommended,436290,33742168,Posted: 23 July,all,the_immortal,"Starts up nicely.But then difficulty ramps up like crazy. And there are literally no ways to mitigate it. Especially when in the middle of a game ranged damage party member (""Pester"") is replaced by absolutely worthless piece of crap robot. It's supposed to be a tank i guess, it's just laughable parody, incapable of doing anything - low defense, low damage, bad abilities.On the other hand - there is a killing machine main character (""Ebony Flame""). She does killing streaks, and has some heavy defensive abilities. And there is also an unscalable mage. Who one shots almost anyone when she first appears, but few missions later is barely able to scratch anyone.Completely unbalanced.""Skirmish"" grinding does not help at all, the bonuses are near zero.Overall good graphics, art and sound quality. Classic gameplay.If it wasn't about bad balance, it would be good."
76561198001025044,Not Recommended,436290,33640553,Posted: 18 July,all,Kailen_,"I really wanted to like this game. I've been watching it since the kickstarter and really hoped it would be amazing. Its not ...its okay. The AI is really dumb and just sits there until you get close enough, no zone of control either so its just silly. I only played the first few missions but was getting bored pretty quick and looked up a review were they played it until the end and it seems like it just gets worse. Id give it a meh if I could and wish they waited longer and implemented some things  that would of made it a lot better."
76561198077781618,Recommended,436290,33885135,Posted: 29 July,all,Captain_Guile,"English version - Flash reviewNot really Final Fantasy Tactics like some people are saying (or make believe) but still a very good game with his own strategyZodiarcal★ Fun, cute graphics, nice and polished interface★ Fabulous character portraits (kudos to the artist)★ Hilarious ragdoll animations when ennemies died★ Great sounds & soundtracks (somewhat personal I guess?)★ Cards evolve when your characters level up, giving even more possibilities & startegies★ (1) Very clever combat & combo system...★ (2) Interesting forging dice/die...But...✗ (1') RNG will make you rage a lot, but sure it's still dice roll(using automaticrolldice is I think even worst in my few hours attempt)✗ (2') Possibilities are a bit limitless(half of dice parts are unremovable)✗ Faces look awful if you take a close look✗ The story is not too bad but not really interesting...meanwhile some of the sided talkscan be fun & deep or else.Achievement section : Not too hard just need some time to be unlocked except few which might be(not loose a guy until the end of the game for instance)Version Française - Evaluation éclairPas vraiment un Final Fantasy Tactics comme certains le disent (ou faire croire) mais il reste un très bon jeu avec ses propres stratégiesZodiarcal★ Fun, graphismes mignons, interface plutôt jolie et plaisante★ Des portraits de personnages magnifiques (bravo l'artiste)★ Le ragdoll sur les ennemis lorsqu'ils meurent est poilant★ Des sons et une bande son génial (après les goûts musicaux tout ça...)★ Les cartes évoluent lorsque vos personnages augmentent de niveau, donnant plus depossibilités et de stratégies★ (1) Un système de combats & combos très ingénieux...★ (2) La forge des dés intéressante...Mais...✗ (1') La RNG vous fera rager régulièrement, mais bon ça reste des dés, normal(le lancer de dés auto et je pense encore pire....vous risquez de retombez sur les mêmedés en cas de seconde tentative)✗ (2') les possibilités sont limités(la moitié du dé est inchangeable)✗ Les visages sont affreux si vous les regardez de près✗ L'histoire n'est pas trop mal mais pas palpitante non plus...à côté de ça il y a certainspassages anecdotiques (sur la carte) qui peuvent être profond, marrant ou autre.Le coin des succès : Pas trop difficile,  mais demandent du temps à l'exception de quelques uns.(ne pas perdre un ami dans l'équipe durant tout le jeu)★  4/5 ZODIARCS ★"
,Recommended,436290,33665789,Posted: 19 July,all,Elvia,"Review at 5 hours of game time.Its a great game for the price.If you choose to play in the hardest difficulty, prepare yourself to farm a ton of skirmishs.Skirmish are mission that you have already clean and need to do again to gain level, in order to be able to manage the futher mission. (cuz they are really difficult, for real)"
76561198027084712,Not Recommended,436290,33746577,Posted: 23 July,all,Jupiter,"If you are looking for a FFT game (Final fantasy tactics), you are at the wrong place.This game as potential, but as A LOT of bad things :- Too short : 20 missions + some alt + 1 useless arena. Really, not challenging + short game so i could finish it in less than 10 hours :/- Not tactical at all : The more chars you can have in a battle is 3. You can't choose them, no hidden char, they are just there to help your main that will kill 90% of the ennemies anyway. No tactic needed, just go and destroy any ennemy at melee cause your main can really hit XXX times per turn.- Story is really boring, no things that can make you forget everything else. Deja vu and nothing special.- Dices and cards could have been good ideas.... if there were more of them. Cards are skills and you have 4/5 useful cards/char. Dices ? Just take those who give cards/turn and easy win. No tactic involved :/And so on....This game could have been great, should have been great, but it's another generic game (that could have been make for browser .... Even some games on kong****** are longer and better).Not worth the money nor the time spent in it. Buy it (if you REALLY want to play the game) when it'll be at 5$, not more .Spent 20$, and it was really an error.Lazy devs nawadays !"
76561198044077976,Recommended,436290,33662852,Posted: 19 July,all,Cthulhupie,"I like it a lot, it has a few kinks but it's already been worth the small asking price!"
76561198107309067,Recommended,436290,33714947,Posted: 22 July,all,Mr.Scott,"If you have ever shown a shred of interest toward the strategy RPG genre, this game should  be in your library!Gameplay mechanics bring a fresh and exciting twist to the genre. Dice crafting and Card management offer a good level of personalisation and allow you to add your own flavour to the charactersMusic is 10/10 .. like seriouslyLove the art style, 2D work is especially greatAnd for any tacticians worrying this game would be too easy, put it on hard mode and prepare to ponder .. your next move could be your last!"
76561198312420707,Recommended,436290,33680986,Posted: 20 July,all,prefamulated amulite,"So far, so good. If you're expecting a FFT clone, you will be disappointed. While the combat and card aspects aren't terribly deep, together they make for a pretty fresh tactics SRPG. Nice artwork, well-polished all around, and the characters seem to ragdoll on death which is pretty cool for an SRPG. My only gripes are that I couldn't find an option to rebind camera control to WASD, and that the enemy acknowledging their death is a bit annoying.Not entirely what I was expecting, but I'm quite happy with what I received."
,Not Recommended,436290,34319682,Posted: 17 August,all,madd.dawgg,"To me, endings are extremely important. And, I am not going to spoil anything, but I did not care at all for this game's ending. It is the primary reason I am giving the game a thumbs down. I do not want to say anything else for fear of spoiling.It plays like a table top board game and you build decks for your characters and you throw dice to power your cards. To say that I love this design is an understatement. It truly feels like a board game and throwing the dice is fun. (Though the fun does wear off, and you'll probably swap to auto-dice as I did. B,ut the luck of the draw and the anticipation and drama of dice is ever present and amazing).I started in hard mode, and I experimented with a lot of different builds with the characters as I progressed until finally settling on one that I really enjoyed. There is a lot to think about with deck construction, and you will tool your decks to match the mission here and there as well. I feel like they really hit the nail on the head with the cards and dice. The look and feel of the game matches the cards and dice as well. It's very well made.There is a feature of the gameplay revolving around exp that, in my opinion, is a feature more than a glitch, as it forces decisions that would otherwise be nonexistent. This is also a warning to you. Keep the EXP of your team even. The game gives exp based on taking actions. Healing, buffing, hitting an enemy close to your level, gives about 17 exp. Killing an enemy gives double that. Enemies much higher level give more, and lower ones, give less. Healing for 0 gives 1 exp (even if you activate a side effect buff of a heal spell). Counter attacking gives about 6. This is all fine except some characters can take extra turns, and they then gain more exp. Also, if you 'last hit' with one character too much, he might out level your team. Or if a character counter attacks more. It may seem trivial, but the game bases the level of the enemies on only the highest level character. Trust me that if you have a character even just 2 levels higher, that means that enemies are 4! levels higher than your lowest level teammate and that means they deal less damage, take more damage, and what happens is they have a really hard time catching up because your highest level character has to do the bulk of the work (and as a result gains more exp). I recognized this very early on... I want to say mission 4? And started the game over from scratch because it's very easy for Nahmi to get ahead.I did enjoy the game, but again, the ending really ruined it for me."
76561198158149244,Recommended,436290,33674899,Posted: 20 July,all,tuckboat,"Quick Take:A modern rpg that's a true homage to the old school jrpg's not because it is identical to them in terms of gameplay mechanics etc. but because it emulates games like Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy VII in that it's exploring it's very own brand new mechanics and bring fresh ideas and systems to a familiar table. I'm loving the execution as well and i'm going to change my rating to.....9/10I LOVE the simulation of throwing die via mouse. It's one of those little things that just grows on you the more you play it but more on that later....Update 7/21/2017 - Today's patch added a speed up option which address the #1 complaint I and many other reviewers have had: length of each battle due to slow animations. In addition they have  made some balancing changes that should address some of the complaints concerng difficulty.On a personal note after another four hours of playing this game I am now ashamed that I gave the graphics a meh rating. Partially this was because I was playing on a very small screen for the first six hours or so but no excuses I was wrong. There is a great deal of detail put into each battle ground and indivdual units. Top that off with excellent character portraits (excluding the first one that you'll see in game which leaves a bad impression imo) and ragdoll effects that have enemies falling into chasms and the like and I'm impressed. Easily a 7/10 in terms of presentation.OG REVIEWMarketing for this game seems to be at odds with what I found here (and from the looks of it alot of other people feel the same) so I'll do my best to help frame the gameplay experience I've ran into thus far (7 or so hours at this point).This is a single-player mostly linear SRPG featuring tabletop board game DNA. The boardgame DNA is apparent in that you are going to find both card draw and abilitiy card alongside dice as core mechanics. While it's not a feature that provides alot of options there is a ""lite"" deck-building element. The deck builder along with a choice between various unlockable die allow you to customize each units playstyle a little bit and actually replace the inventory and perk/skill system usually found in this type of game.Graphics/Sound/Writing....None of these are game ruining but none of them really shine either and I would rate all of them around 5/10.I love the combat system and that's what makes this a winner for me.Quality of Life Improvments are SORELY needed but if you can be patient and want to try something a little different I say give it a go.If you are not patient and/or are expecting a more traditional RPG experience I would avoid.Otherwise?....8/10"
,Not Recommended,436290,34857210,Posted: 10 September,all,murrrmel,"The mix of mechanics is interesting and fun (dice, deck building, turn-based strategy), but the characters and the story are that terrible, I finally gave up playing this game. I stopped somewhere at mission 11 or 12 and I couldn't care less how the story will progress. The role play part is a joke, also the characters are unlikeable and annoying."
76561198004665427,Recommended,436290,33686472,Posted: 20 July,all,Squee,"A fine game well worth the less than 20 bucks. I'm enjoying the characters and it has an interesting world/concept. It's not Final Fantasy Tactics nor does it try to be. This reminds me more of the Gloomhaven legacy board game than it does FFT. It's a great game, nice graphics, but could use some QoL improvements like others have mentioned. The animations can be a bit slow, especially when showing the enemies dice (but you can click to ""skip"" it.) That aspect drags down the combat a bit. Otherwise, pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,436290,33654914,Posted: 19 July,all,Incarnatos,"Unfortunately a neat little game which is ruined by how long the combat takes to resolve.If the combat was faster or there was an option to skip animations, the game would be playable."
,Recommended,436290,33645203,Posted: 18 July,all,AetherSkull,"it's a good gameI've been having fun with itBUT there *was* no way to speed up or skip animations and as a result you just sit there as the enemies *took* their turn for 2-4 minutes, which *added* up over the 6-18 turns a mission can take."
,Recommended,436290,34239388,Posted: 14 August,all,JAMBON,"Just finished the game, and the game was overall good.The plot in itself is not that deep, but is ok, and it's fine since the game is mainly centered on the gameplay.The mechanics of the cards and dice is actually very interesting, and the possibility to reroll two dice on each roll absorbs a lot of RNG, which makes it less frustrating.I finished the game on hard, and the game required a little bit of grinding, but overall it was a nice experience. Some little problems of balancing atm that should be fixed soon though."
,Recommended,436290,33750175,Posted: 23 July,all,Patrick,"Notes/Disclaimers: I'm currently up to Act 3 Mission 14 with about 14 hours played.OverviewZodiarcs is a tactical RPG with a great art direction and aesthetic; it features a fairly low squad size yet battles can get quite lengthy due to every action requiring the roll of a die. The writing/plot is hamfisted compared to competitors in the genre (Final Fantasy Tactics, Tactics Ogre, Banner Saga) and relies on a lot of Capital Noun Soup (like Final Fantasy 13). It's not enough to refer to the slums, the uptown, or any other place casually. Zodiarcs' story overwhelms the player with terms that really seem like a reinvention of the wheel to me. With that being said, I still think this game is worth trying because it's a novel take on the tactical RPG genre much like Invisible Inc. and Banner Saga.MechanicsLike many other people I was extremely skeptical of the dice and card mechanic on top of the typical TRPG structure. Ever since this game was on Square Enix Collective and Kickstarter it's worn this feature conspicuously on its sleeve, so I don't think people should necessarily feel betrayed if they were expecting a more standard set of mechanics. Personally, I was skeptical that it was adding too many layers of randomness to the genre -- FFT had evasion, but that's about it. When your abilities are cards, you may not draw the ability you need at a key moment, and when you add dice on top of that, you may be off by a hair of damage that otherwise would have dropped an enemy. Those moments are really frustrating as a player.While I was cognizant of this potential issue going in, I'm pleased to find that the random effects aren't quite as bad as I expected. The card-action issue definitely crops up occasionally, like being stuck on high ground with nothing but 4 melee-range Leech cards in hand, so I can't do anything. The dice-damage issue is actually close to non-existent because most of the effects are extra bonuses, especially those based on Star Dice. Each card typically has extra effects if you roll a certain quantity of dice, and as you level up your characters they gain access to ""upgraded"" versions of these cards. For example, that Leech card I mentioned is upgraded when the character Brice hits a certain level, and it now grants her an extra action (quite powerful) if you roll 3 stars while casting it. Instead of feeling punished by a hair's length of damage leaving an enemy alive, a lot of these effects feel positive and rewarding.The map design is 3D, much like FFT, and to my delight it's got multiple height levels as well (unlike so many modern indie TRPGs). The height levels are effectively obstacles with respect to units moving around, but I have encountered a few (mostly magical) abilities that have height tolerance, whether that means they vertically-outrange melee ones or are obstructed by taller structures. Overall map height levels aren't as influential as I'd like them to be, but I'm very happy to see them here at all.The turn order is turn-by-team, which puts it in league with other games such as Fire Emblem, XCOM, and Tactics Ogre: Knight of Lodis. Ultimately I feel like this style is underutilized by the game since (at least for my first 14 hours) I'm only controlling 2-3 characters at a time. Turn-by-team is good for choke points and coordinating massive attacks, but in Zodiarcs I feel that due to the low number of controllable characters my winning strategy is just getting extra turns off dice (the lightning symbol) or using abilities like Blitz or Leech that give me extra turns with lucky rolls. The card system is a debbie downer for extra turns since you're not really guaranteed to have an in-range ability in your hand for the follow up, so ultimately I think there are a lot of mechanics that work against each other here.Like I said in my overview, this cocktail is unique enough that it's at least worth a try for TRPG fans.ArtMy opinion's subjective on this, but overall I'm quite impressed with the aesthetic and art direction of Zodiarc. The character portraits are beautiful and read well during the dialogue segments, the character designs are also quite solid (except for a handful of Nobles/Guards), and overall the game evokes a bit of a low-fi JRPG feeling in the character models, environments, visual FX, and graphic design. If you grew up on 1990s/early 2000s JRPGs, this art direction will feel familiar and comfortable.P.S. the dead ragdolls are great.StoryUnfortunately my feelings are pretty well summed-up in the overview section. From what I experienced, the writing is the weakest part of this game by far, where characters are tropes/exaggerations of themselves. Without spoiling too much, the first ten hours or so of the game are structured as a journey to and from a burglary, but I haven't really seen much character development going on in the very small (6-person) main cast. I imagine Nahmi, Argon, and Brice will be those who change the most in the latter half of the game, but in the first ten hours of play they're flat, boring, predictable, and hard to get attached to.Besides fully-3D diorama/theatresque cutscenes that occur after loading up a battle, Zodiarc tells its story through optional overworld dialogue after each battle. There's about 3 conversations you can experience each time this way, and the writing is slightly better than the main plot since it's about comrades-in-arms speaking about their inner thoughts and feelings instead of yelling banter at boring hostile bandits.AudioCan't complain about this area, but I also didn't notice it much. I guess 'inoffensive' is the right word. There's no dialogue voice acting for characters (thank god) but there are some minor VA clips that play when using abilities, getting hit by an attack, or dying. The quality of these are all over the place, ranging from pretty bad to pretty good.Misc.I didn't experience any bugs on version 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 during launch month, so this is a very smooth launch. It seems that the Square Enix Collective/Kickstarter process worked very well for these developers in terms of polishing Zodiarcs up."
76561198047669191,Recommended,436290,34700196,Posted: 2 September,all,SatelliteOfLove,"Solid but not spectacular mix of FFT and Baten Kaitos going here.Really slick music and PSX-era texture work in this title, plus the game does restriction rather well.Well, rather well until the very end where it leans too heavily on waves of dudes with lots of dice to up the stakes. That, and the melodrama over loss goes thru the roof like Earnest Hemingway during a particularly nasty bout with the bottle.Still, it's a good game at a good price, especially on sale."
76561198097421128,Recommended,436290,34724736,Posted: 3 September,all,techno-phil91,"Yes. This chapter is short. It has 20  main missions, 5-6 side quest missions and 5-6 arena missions (took me 26 h to complete it in hard mode.) but for those who loves tactics, this games is well balanced and emerging. The mixture of dices and cards make this game original. You will not see the time passing at all. The lore looks a bit complicated at first but since this is a single chapter, it will expand with the other chapters. One thing that I didnt like was the dialog between the character. I wished the characters could have put more details in their opinions and their stories. But in general, this game is actually pretty good."
76561198136125253,Recommended,436290,33682396,Posted: 20 July,all,Assassinssheep,"The game was simply amazing, it really was an journey. I loved everything about it.I hope it gets popularitiy, so we can get a dlc sometimes but for  now, absolute stunning game, easy mechanics, challenging, incredibly interresting dic system, worh buying, definitely worth buying. Pleas everyone support this as much as you can. I so hope we can get additional content sometime."
,Recommended,436290,33647147,Posted: 19 July,all,Zyke,"I quite like it so far. Its got a good setting, emotive if initially shallow characters, the combat is unique enough to be interesting without becoming annoying or otherwise detracting from the experience.There's enoguh depth and customization available between, decks, and dice, that you can tweak each character's kit to your liking, making a focused deck and choosing dice types that compliment your chosen cards,.There's no artifical time limits or forced progression, so you can go as slow and grind as much as you like. The game is slightly easy so far as a result, but there' is a harder difficultly for those interested.On the downside, there's no voice acting if thats your bag. Also I find the attack animations overall pretty bland, despite the characters themselves looking cool. Additionally early on, the card/deck mechanic can feel, frustrating when you don't draw or roll what you need... but that randomness is both part of the reward for prepping a good deck/dice pool/strategy and  part of the excitement of battle so I welcome it. Just feels somewhat limited in the first act or so as options are being opened up.I feel early on the characters are the weakest part, they look interesting, and they all have neat bits of backstory dropped, but ultimately some of them are thrown together kinda haphazardly, and as a result their involvement in the story feels slightly off to me.Furthermore, while I like the customization of deck and dice thats available. Finding it accessible but with sufficent depth as to be interesting. One could make a case that its a bit lacking compared to similiar games with job systems, equipment, skills, and such. And while the characters have options, they tend to be of a type. i.e. the magic caster is always a magic caster with variations being on ranges/aoe and some minor debuff spells."
76561198012297126,Recommended,436290,33770182,Posted: 24 July,all,MegaMasao,Really enjoying this game.  It's a nice throwback but also has design element that makes it fresh and fun. The newly added the speed up enemy actions feature so that keeps the fight moving along hat a better pace too.
76561198036184006,Not Recommended,436290,33823900,Posted: 26 July,all,Cakewalk Champion,"I really wanted to like this game... I'm fond of strategy games and have played final fantasy tactics a few times. I liked the idea of the card/dice mechanics, reminds me somewhat of board games.However, there's not a ton of depth in decisions you can make... the characters are chosen for you, and most of the cards do similar things. What really made me drop the game, though, was the absurd difficulty ramp halfway through. After spending most of the mission turtling and waiting for the enemies to come to me, I died twice 30 minutes into the mission, on the easiest difficulty setting (normal). Maybe I could've grinded a bunch with random mindless battles, but who has time for that these days..."
76561198036844813,Recommended,436290,33730557,Posted: 22 July,all,Chuck,"Excellent game for the tactical rpg lovers out there.Soundtrack is nice and story is good, but here a few things some people may dislike:The combat system is based on dice and cards, so if you dislike luck, this game is not for you.The developpers could add something like a base hand for the characters because it can happen that you start a mission with only support cards, and you aint going anywhere with only support cards at first. it could be added to the team manager,  easy - Let the user decide which 5 cards he will start missions with, helps to focus on the strategic aspect of the game, because having a bad mission just because luck wasn't on your side can be pretty frustrating."
,Recommended,436290,33695487,Posted: 21 July,all,[♫] ZnC,"Fans of the Tactics-RPG genre has been asking for more games like this for years. In short - for $20, it is definitely worth it.My benchmark for T-RPGs is always Final Fantasy Tactics. While CoZ is quite different from FFT, the art reminded me a bit about FFT, so I decided to give the game a shot, and I really enjoyed it. The game combines card and dice mechanics, something that tabletop gamers have a sentiment for, with traditional T-RPG combat. Not as customizable as I'd hoped (FFT was really customizable), the game still lets you customize your character's card deck and dice pool, or use the recommended deck. As you level, you get better cards and dice. While it might seem really ""RNG"" by using cards and dice, the game is surprizingly well balanced.Excellent-Graphics-Gameplay & MechanicsPretty good but can be better-Story/Setting-Characters-Music-Visual effects-Battle animations (I find them slow and un-exciting)Not so good-Lack of customizability (no equipments, items, shops, skill tree, fixed stats etc)-Lack of towns, home base, camps, areas to explore, and/or things to interact with"
76561198018613048,Not Recommended,436290,33666697,Posted: 20 July,all,yourbob,It looked promising at first. But the game mech is too bland. It became repetitive very soon.
,Not Recommended,436290,33635711,Posted: 18 July,all,necuz,"Awkward mouse control (seriously, why not put the frequently needed back function on mouse 2?) with very slow, non-customizable camera movement. No wall transparency and a terrible camera makes getting a good overview of the battlefield cumbersome, particularly due to the automatic height adjustment. The enemies pull in waves and just sit idle until triggered, encouraging players to constantly sit back and spam card draw (to keep the characters' counter-damage high) and heals. The cards-as-attacks mechanic is cool, but the RNG effects of an attack vary wildly (from rolling blanks to getting extra actions or triggering powerful special effects) and the ability to re-roll on every throw means you should ideally micro-manage every throw to get the most out of it. Starts linear, but soon opens up the possibility of grinding your way to victory."
,Recommended,436290,33677103,Posted: 20 July,all,The One True Morty,"Its ok.BUT if you want to buy this game simply because it bears SQUARE ENIX logo and because you THINK it can bring back the Final Fantasy Tactics feels, you are wrong.The story is linear.No shops.No grinding.No stat boosting.No equips.Just cards and dice.If you like Armello, you might like this. Still, for a product that classifies itself as a JRPG there sure is very little of either Japanese or RolePlaying.You like JRPG tactic games like Final Fantasy Tactics or Disgaea?You like towns or shops or the ability to engage in ANYTHING ELSE BUT DIALOGUE AND COMBAT, then this game is NOT for you.Thumbs up cuz speed up option makes the game playable. Prolly gonna wait for the devs second JRPG. If they're brave enough to try again."
,Recommended,436290,33879860,Posted: 29 July,all,Shenanigans,"Solid and interesting tactics RPG. The cards and deck building mechanics are genuinely interesting in this genre. Great for beginners to this style of game, if you're a veteran of similar games you'll probably be wishing there was more depth to the gameplay. Not that much replay value unfortunately, but what is there is fun enough to be worth the asking price for a low budget indie game."
,Recommended,436290,34155220,Posted: 10 August,all,InnocenceExorcist,"So I am gonna give this game a positive. I love it.  Saying it is a successor to Final Fantasy Tactics is a bit much though.  It fills a hole that Tactics left, but not all the way.-Pros-I enjoy battle.  Some disagreements with how the card and dice system work, but overall battle is smooth.-The characters are ok.  Admittedly I haven't gone too far into the story, but the characters are ok.  Except Brice.  She is a chickenshit.-The art is great.  I love the way everything look.-Cons-Why do we have two RNG systems at work in the battle system?  The only way you can draw cards right now is either by doing nothing for the turn or having a side action on another card.  This would be solved if you could draw one at the beginning of the turn, or something like that.  Then there is the dice.  HO BOY I LOVE/HATE THIS.  Rolling and rerolling can be really fun, but frustrating RNG wise.  Then you do a reroll, and the dice hit other dice and knock them over or something.  Dear lord I can deal with one RNG system in a battle, but two is terrible.-Brice is a chickenshit.Overall 8.something/10.  Definitely a game worth your time if you enjoy a little bit of what made Final Fantasy Tactics great and a decently fun RNG battle system."
76561198033313726,Recommended,436290,35036263,Posted: 17 September,all,Jonny88,"Finally a Decent New turn based title on steam.  Having fun so far, Worth £10 for sure.  I feel the ""mixed"" feedback is a bit harsh.3.5/5 (1.4 hours in)"
76561198023221061,Recommended,436290,34644125,Posted: 31 August,all,Myst,"The game is ok, the battle mechanics are interesting enough, seeing as theres not that much of a story to be honestAltho its not an ""omg must have"" it can definately fill in a few evenings"
76561198095721397,Recommended,436290,33759077,Posted: 23 July,all,VeiledInsanity,Love the game. Interesting take on the genre. Looks great. Decent enough story. For the price point you really can't go wrong.
76561198042102876,Recommended,436290,33654799,Posted: 19 July,all,Whiskeyjoel,"It's been a very long time since the glory days of tactical RPG's a la FF Tactics/Tactics Ogre, and an even longer wait for a worthy, modern successor. I watched this game grow from an idea, into a kickstarter campaign, and finally into the game we have before us.I'm comfortable saying that the wait is finally over. Tactical RPG's are back"
,Not Recommended,436290,34493185,Posted: 25 August,all,ori_natic,"It's perfectly playable, but it didn't do much to make me want to play it"
,Recommended,436290,33641832,Posted: 18 July,all,Ayther,"A game that you can play at your own pace. So far the story has been enjoyable, and the mechanics are easy to pick up. Sometimes combat feels like it takes too long, but that's about the only downside I can think of.If you like turn based strategy, its not difficult, but its done well enough where its enjoyable.  Being able to customize your deck/dice is an added bonus."
76561198087220293,Recommended,436290,33688954,Posted: 20 July,all,Scruffy-looking Nerfherder,"A wonderful blend of tatics, art style, music, and fun. This scratches that old school 90's JRPG itch I've had a for a while. There's even little bits of personal stories you can read through inbetween fights that go deeper into the backstories of the characters, it actually brings quite a bit of emotion to the story as a whole. I'm loving it so far. The only things I hope to see are a better camera that gets even closer to the action, and some varying attack animations."
,Recommended,436290,33669677,Posted: 20 July,all,non0,A lovely little game that is heavily inspired by Final Fantasy Tactics but tries to do its own thing.  More board-gamey than the Tactics games of old and less customization heavy but its charming artstyle and lore are to be admired.
76561198000325629,Not Recommended,436290,34551387,Posted: 28 August,all,Echo,"This is not the successort to FFT/FFTA you're looking for. I wanted to like it but couldn't.Everything about this game is too slow. From dice rolles to animations, the actual gameplay is tedious even with everything sped up or skipping enemy animations.The art is nice so there's that, but it gets ruined by horrible camera angles."
,Recommended,436290,33642518,Posted: 18 July,all,Nave,"Only about 4 hours in so far, it has a nice gritty feel and a good overall tactical rpg.  The complaints about camera and things like that are really not a big deal. It is similiar to Final Fantasy Tactics with a few new twists with the cards and dice. Enjoying the game and encourage others to try it as well!"
,Not Recommended,436290,33725754,Posted: 22 July,all,D3viLYaN,"Thats it?That was the question I had when I reached the end.Don't get me wrong, what is there is possibly good but the game feels incomplete and I cannot recommend this when it leaves me feeling disappointed."
76561198079104985,Not Recommended,436290,34353755,Posted: 19 August,all,amiranda29131,"First I would like to say that I was really hyper for Childrens of Zodiarcs. I  am a huge fan of tactictal RPGs and I have been looking for exciting titles ever since I played Final Fantasy Tactics. Does Children of Zodiarcs fill that void, as it promissed it would? No, at leats not for me.Here are some things that let me down:-Lack of playable characters-Lack of customisation for the characters-Not an engaging story (at least not for me)-Battles always feel the same. Characters have different attacks but it doesn't real feel like they do.- Doen't make me feel like playing hours on end like the Final Fantasy Tactics and Disgaea series do.Does this mean that there is nothing good about this game? Of course not. I do really like the art style, and at least they tried something differnt with the cards and the dice. It has a quirky tabletop game feel to it, and if that is to your liking then go for it. Would I recommend it to someone looking for a tactical RPG? No, I would not."
,Recommended,436290,33642527,Posted: 18 July,all,Iskander,"Ever since FFTA2, possibly the best tactical game ever to be created, I have sought out every tactical game that looked worthwhile. Fire Emblem is great, as is XCOM. Both represent masterpieces of the genre.This game is a solid addition to that genre. From a pure aesthetic standpoint, the art, colors, sound, environments, and overlay is great. I absolutely love the feeling. The art seemed inspired by Transistor to a degree, possibly one of my all time favorite games as well, but was overall enjoyably original. Story is great too.But for the point everyone would look at reviews for: is this game enjoyable from a tactical standpoint, not just art and styling?Yeah. 7.1/10. I'm pretty picky. But this was worth the $16-$17 I paid. From a tactical game standpoint:Pros:-The custom dice builds allow you to attempt to focus a character in a specific way, such as attempt to take many moves in sequence or always nail your abilities with stars, or just glass cannon it with shards.-Positioning is important, though no height bonuses are given-Unique decks for each character are the modification of traditional ""jobs"" so to speak...while I love jobs, this is cool too-Customization of said decks allows for further character specification-Character progression exists, though in smaller degree than I would like.-The AI seems reasonable-Damage fluctuates, though there is never chance to miss. While different, I don't mind. It provides slightly more tactical element to gameplay already involving dice.Cons:-I won't lie, I'm only a couple hours in but I worry about unique character progression. I love building characters to fit team roles (something that XCOM, FFTA2, & Fire Emblem excel at), but my characters just all seem to be damage, damage, and more damage...and they have surprising few drawbacks. All can self heal, area/multi attack, or use range.-I completely ignore the curse cards initially because...well actions are expensive, and why waste a turn reducing someone's damage from 12 to 9 when you have 20 hp when you could just use an attack and kill them?-Played a bit, but am not struck with the thought of ""this is the next FE"" or anything. It's good, but I'm not going to stay up all night to play through. Hopefully I will get more invested in the game.-Are there only 4 characters?What I would love to see in the future:-Gear, even 1 or 2 trinket/weapon/armor equip slots. Anything to statboost to help specialize-Maybe custom card crafting? Have blank abilities that can be created with resources and applied to anyone?-Maybe create a card tree for each kid where they can fuse two cards of a type from their deck to create a higher power, new card with better abilities?-maybe make a rare dice set that applies various effects, like pierce, vampiric, or hold, but the other three side are big detriments? it would make some dice more risk and reward.Overall though, as I write this late at night, I like it. I'll play it through. It's an enjoyable, new system that utilizes deckbuilding and dice."
76561198009449851,Recommended,436290,33749080,Posted: 23 July,all,(Hospitaller) Sylven Tobias,I'm thoroughly enjoying this game.  Nice turn based strategy.  Get stuck on a level and there are skirmishes to grind at till you get a little higher level.  The game is well balanced usually only two to four skirmishes will yield you enough to complete next story mission.  I really have no complaints so far.
,Recommended,436290,33636527,Posted: 18 July,all,Tyler Mire,I've only made it through the first two missions and I am loving what I am seeing so far. This is a very polished game with an interesting hook. I'll update this as I make my way further.
76561197986815643,Recommended,436290,33949018,Posted: 1 August,all,phoneplace,Best combat game I ever played. This is a CLASSIC to me. why .....1. Card and dice mixture is FUN and the best chance concept I know of.2. Dice crafting is GREAT : )3. Challeng on HARD is wonderful.4. love the ARTWORK.Con.1. No card crafting.2. No choice in team seletion. ( This could make the REPALY value endless. )My SECOND favorit game as of 8/1/20017    : )
76561198067168507,Recommended,436290,33750522,Posted: 23 July,all,Radok,Great game. Very unique battle system. Wish we had more of these as I am a huge fan of Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactic Ogre. 10/10 for sure.
76561197976694006,Recommended,436290,33938972,Posted: 31 July,all,Zahndethus,This game is just lovely <3
76561198041503408,Recommended,436290,35436530,Posted: 2 October,all,Squee,"Top runner for my favorite game of 2017 and in my top 10 tactics games of all time. The games unique blend of dice, cards and grid based tactics puts it in a league all its own. The seriously dark story contrasts heavily with the light hearted art style making the game a wonderful suprise on the first run... sadly it lacks replay value due to its linear story and lack of end game content. As an experience though it is well worth the 18 dollar price tag.I want more and most certainly will be keeping an eye on what cardboard utopia puts out next."
76561198143390685,Recommended,436290,33634727,Posted: 18 July,all,pianogrinder,"To those who have been looking for a Final Fantasy Tactics type game, The Wait is over. This one's very good, The music, Story, Gameplay, and graphics are good, very good, and it's the closest thing you will get to FF Tactics on steam. The card/dice gameplay is an excellent way to execute combat, heals, ETC. It makes me think of what if FF Tactics and Armello had a baby? This would be the child.Runs smoothly with no issues as of yet, No glitches,I have been waiting for this for a very long time and it was worth the wait.A truly worthy Final Fantasy Tactics sucessor."
76561198003174568,Not Recommended,436290,33672748,Posted: 20 July,all,Sleepwalker,"It's a dece game, but its NOT a Final Fantasy Tactics follow up as some people were stating in the reviews. The thought of a potential FFT type game is what led to my purchase.No class/job system, some customization with the dice/cards, but I dont feel very vested into it. I just end up clicking recommended and continue with the story.Story/Dialogue is on the goofy side. Nothing against the Devs, I fell for other reviews and its not what I was hoping for.Please SQUARE ENIX - GIVE US RAMZA!"
76561198141317281,Not Recommended,436290,33775935,Posted: 24 July,all,RickMalmsteenBR,"- Boring story- Enemies scale to your level when you try to grind, unless you're underleved, then they will♥♥♥♥♥♥you- Bad design choices in the way side effects and healing works- Bland characters whom you won't get attached, ever.Nice concept, not so well executed."
,Recommended,436290,33640452,Posted: 18 July,all,Zaddelz,"WIP-Updated as I progress, TL;DR at the bottom.(The only feature I have not tested yet thoroughly is only the 'Arena of Xin' which I will add ASAP! Aside from that still taking a closer look at mission design and AI.)Children of Zodiarcs is a SRPG/TRPG developed by Cardboard Utopia, an indie studio in Montreal, Canada and published by Square Enix.The game is played on a boardlike map similar to Final Fantasy Tactics but features gameplay based on dice rolls and cards that replace all other actions like attacking or using spells in the game.CoZ follows a linear story in fantasy world with a pinch of steampunk, the main characters are nicely designed and all follow certain character and class archetypes, Brice being your classic Mage while Pester, for example, is your Gunner, Nahmi your Assassin and so on.GameplayThe game plays out nicely and although its RNG based with card draws and dice rolls it never feels unfair or all too frustrating. Cardboard Utopia made sure to release a well tested game and all elements work well together. As your characters progress through the game and level up they also obtain new dices as your replacement for classic item loot and allows aswell as actively encourages you to build new decks and craft new dices from old ones to optimize your crew to your liking and playstyle.CoZ is - atleast on Hard difficulty - a rather grind heavy game, eventually you will hit a brickwall while going through the main storyline every few levels and will have to go back to optional skirmishes to level up your characters and get them on par to the mission ahead but so far it has never been overbearing. A more elegant solution however, would've been welcome.Options & ControlsThe game seems well optimized and I have absolutely no problems running it on atleast 60FPS. No crashes, bugs or any other inconvenience.Controls with the pad work very well.Mouse and keyboard work decently well too, sometimes however the game can obstruct your view and trying to get the camera in place can be tedious at times, especially at maps with elevation differences.OptionAvailabilityFullscreen/WindowedYesBorderlessNoV-SyncYesAAMSAA 2X-8XController SupportYesRebinding Keys/ButtonsNoTL;DR - Summary+ Great aesthetics and style+ Nice soundtrack+ Intuitive mix of Tactics, CG and Dices.+ Great variety of spells and cards unique to each character+ Deckbuilding is simple and effective+ Customizing dices offers another layer of depth and customizationRather linear story- Can feel 'grind-heavy' on Hard difficulty, if you dont like that this could diminish your fun- Enemies (especially in earlier missions) can be 'played' with/pulledProvisional Rating:CoZ is a nice game and intuitive mix of gameplay elements that you dont see often and is one of the better Tactics games for PC and for a total price of 18€ very much worth its price!"
76561198176011127,Recommended,436290,33642889,Posted: 18 July,all,Being X,"Warning: It's a bit of a slow start.Disclaimer: I really like card games and turn based strategy.Review so far: It's good. If you're curious and have more than an hour to give it a decent go before stopping (ideally 2-3) then get it and odds are (when the stuff starts opening up and giving you more choices) you'll find something to enjoy here.If you've only got an hour or so or aren't in the mood for a slower game then I'd suggest skipping it for now. I was half tempted to stop when I was about an hour in, but shortly after things started looking promising and I was soon then beginning to really have some fun.That's about it for now, I'll update when I've finished the game, but for now I need to go to bed, peace out y'all, have fun shopping!"
,Recommended,436290,33820273,Posted: 26 July,all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"I really love the core premise of this game. Take a tactics-JRPG like Final Fantasy Tactics, replace constant movesets with cards and deckbuilding, and swap RNG chance-to-hit with literal dicerolls for damage. It's a great idea, and it initially seems like it's going to live up to all of its promise.Unfortunately, the gameplay doesn't really go anywhere. Yes, you unlock more cards, and yes, you can swap out/improve the dice you have equipped, but there's almost always something that's just objectively best. At the least offensive level, this meant that I never really had to think about which card to play. Sometimes that was because I only had one card that could hit anything and sometimes it was because they all did basically the same thing. Most often, though, it was the biggest problem the game has: nothing remotely compares to free turns and card draws. I think the game tried to balance this by making it so that only the protagonist and a side mission character can viably build a deck entirely around those two statuses, but it didn't work. Once you're in a position where you're almost always triggering a free turn and drawing more cards that trigger more free turns, that character's turn length is really only limited by when they run out of enemies to kill. Every battle devolves into charging ahead with that character, buffing them as necessary, and occasionally taking out armor with a mage.It doesn't help that, although the game technically features three enemy factions, you can fight all of them in basically the same way. Besides the aforementioned armor, I never found any enemies or maps for which there was a better counter than spamming free turn/draw. Maybe this could have been alleviated if there were at least a wide variety of attacks or friendly units, but character's moves aren't distinguished by much more than their range their star effects (and again, you pretty much just use the obvious best one or two), and although there are 7 playable characters in the game, you'll never use more than 3 in a battle, and they're really two separate parties of 3 with a one-time guest.There's not much to say about the rest of the game. It's competent without being memorable in terms of graphics and music, and the story is the same. It's got one surprising moment near the end and occasionally has some interesting ideas, but I never felt invested.I do still think it's worth playing just because of how unique the core mechanics are, but I wouldn't call it essential by any means."
,Recommended,436290,33708016,Posted: 21 July,all,Charon,"Well. Squeenix have had their fingers in some very disappointing pies in recent times so nice to see them involved with this. It would be very easy to draw a direct comaprison to Final Fantasy Tactics but devs Cardboard Utopia have done well ensuring that this isn't just another FFT clone. The combination of simultaneous dice and card based tactic systems seems strange at first glance but they've managed to marry the two very well. It took me a little while to warm to the characters but I'm getting there. The more I play, the more I'm reminded of Konami classic Vandal Hearts rather than FFT and not in a bad way. It has a certain charm and the gameplay also has a lot more depth than VH ever did. Much credit too to the devs who are active on the forums not just offering tech support but sharing tips, strategies and helping people understand some of the more complex mechanics such as customising the faces of the dice to increase synergy with your chosen card loadout. It's a hella impressive debut title and it will be interesting to see what Cardboard Utopia produce in the future. Great game, decent price, nostalgic gameplay with a fresh twist."
76561198027255841,Recommended,436290,33665002,Posted: 19 July,all,Shadarlogoth,"As someone who waited a very long time for this game to release, (I am a very big supporter of tactical RPG games like FFT, Fire Emblem, Tactics Ogre, and many card games such as MtG) I was extremely satisfied with everything this game had to offer, except for the one complaint about the game's length. As someone who has already finished the game (no spoilers but the story was incredible!) I felt that the game was just too short. I understand expecting as much from this as something like the great FFT is pretty unfair, and unrealistic, but it just seemed.... unfinished. I hope at some point or another they add more content and story to this game, but it's doubtful.A definite plus for anyone who likes tactical RPG games such as the main ones listed above (which was mentioned as an inspiration for this game by their developers.)"
76561198031172371,Recommended,436290,33816284,Posted: 26 July,all,random,"Finished the game, and it was great.20 hours of game, and I still have the arena quests.Well worth the price.Pros:- Great tactical game. Not too easy, but also not too hard.- Does not require a lot of grinding, but it is fun to play the skrimish missions.- Interesting combination of cards and dice that replaces skill system of other tactical games.Cons:- Since this is a story oriented game, the characters in the missions (including skrimishes) are predetermined, so it felt kind of limited and I wish I could try combinations of playable characters that never appeared in the same mission.- Slight balance issues, shiend sides of the dice are only rarely useful and not powerful enough to worth placing it on a die."
76561198046225980,Not Recommended,436290,34113775,Posted: 8 August,all,Cinereoargenteus,"I bought this game because I had been in the mood for a turn-based, grid-combat strategy RPG. It doesn't really deliver on that, very well. That being said, there aren't a ton of major, glaring problems, besides maybe the balance.For example, there's this one mission pretty early on that gives you enough experience to level up several times, but one of your characters is forced to sit out. As a result, they become woefully underleveled and useless on the next difficulty spike.Admittedly, I didn't finish the game, because the gameplay just wasn't interesting enough to keep me hooked after the weird balance issues started to show themselves. I wasn't a big fan of the art style, either, but that's really my fault. It's not I didn't see the screenshots before I got the game, and it's more personal preference than anything."
76561197999081490,Not Recommended,436290,33712255,Posted: 21 July,all,NoXious,"I rate the game an even 5/10.It seemed pretty cool at first.  I love the card and dice system even though I thought it would be crappy at first. It turned out to be kinda fun.The part I dont like is the difficulty is sometimes insane!  Almost like no chance to win, and thats on the easy battles (supposedly easy).The big thing that is ticking me off is the camera angles, the terrain is constantly in the way and its not see through so its hard to see whats going on.If they fix the difficulty and allow the camera to move more on the top down view to avoid structures getting in the way, the raiting would be increased vastly."
,Recommended,436290,33660046,Posted: 19 July,all,cowboyana,"I love this game! Really fun thoughtful card and dice mechanics make you feel that holy communion with the RNG. The art, character and enemy design, and writing is really fun and likeable, and I can see this being a game I keep coming back to for years. It's a challenging and intelligent RPG in the same mold as Renowned Explorers and Dream Quest.PS. Props for not having a white dude as the main character and for having a class war plot :)"
,Recommended,436290,33677497,Posted: 20 July,all,yssuP gnipmaC,"So far. What I know about this game are....1. I played on Hard mode and it kinda fun.2. All actions in the game combat use Deck system for you to customize it, level up your hero will earn better card in deck.3. There is a Backstab feature.4. No voice acting, you will need eyes to read the story.5. Main story is about an adventure of a group of burglars, mostly children.6. Look a bit like FF:Tactics7. Death animation as Ragdoll Pysic!!!I ll invest more time in it and will try update this review."
76561197968577837,Not Recommended,436290,34212660,Posted: 13 August,all,Legend,"The game suffers from acute randomness.- The dice mechanic is more of a distraction and slowdown than fun.- Can't pick team members on mission. Sometimes some are taken away.- Characters are quite low on HP, any two hits will most like KO it.- Healing cards in deck appear randomly, as expected. No particular fun losing characters in turn two and screwing missions because of that.- Some attack card ability are pretty useless. Like holding an enemy, they all have ranged attacks that will do up to 50% of your characters max HP,- Beginner character decks offer no real choices, after 3 hours half the card that where unlocked seemed worse than the starting cards. (starting deck is 3 card types, unlocked 2 extra for each character)It's hard to say if the game is balanced at all at this point. Random death just happens too much. Some skirmishes are impossible so as our outnumbered 2-1 and everyone is in attack range in turn one. Not sure what it would take to fix this game, but I rather go and play Monster Slayers again."
,Recommended,436290,33641181,Posted: 18 July,all,Losian Rooke,"First impressions:Game runs smoothly, good framerate, decent graphics. Using a controller the controls are.. a bit weird? It feels strange having a floating-cursor style movement when using a controller and not just moving grid-square by grid-square given the genre and style of game.. so that feels kinda wonky.The movement and abilities and all are pretty intuitive, but I do have oooonnnneee big gripe. It really drives me crazy when tactical games have ""all your guys go"" and ""all their guys go"" as turns, it takes out an entire element of speed, pre-planning, etc., and just lets you gang up all at once with on real way to counter/avoid/plan/etc., and the same for the AI. I don't get why a lot of strategy/tactical RPGs keep taking this approach as it just feels a lot less fun and interesting and removes entire swathes of mechanics that can be played with (haste/slow/instant-turn/triggered actions/etc.)Some of the AI seems kinda stupid, too. Enemies with ranged attacks not taking a step away to avoid counter-attacks, for example, which just makes a 'tactical' and 'strategy' game feel kinda pointless if the enemies aren't very.. well.. tactical and strategy-prone!The card and dice mecanics are pretty fun right off the bat and add a neat little nuance to it. It's hard to say out the gate if it's ""worth"" the cost depending on the game length and how the story and battle mechanics pan out, but I'm feeling generally positive about it to begin with, aside from the one big hang-up I mentioned above. It just never made sense to me in a tactical type game and really feels kinda waffly - no matter how big and armored or small and swift your characters are, it's all the same.Edit:Line of sight doesn't seem to really be a thing with other units/characters/some obstacles? So that's kinda bleh.. And foes seem to just stand around dumbly until you get a bit closer, which removes a lot of the feeling of oncoming pressure and looming threat, you can just stand around and draw cards/heal without worrying about enemies closing in, buffing, etc., so that also removes a bit of the tactical-ness. :("
,Not Recommended,436290,34164530,Posted: 11 August,all,Douchefense,"Although I adored FFT and the massive variety and leveling up you could do in that turn-based RPG, this game pales in comparison. They put a lot of effort into their orchestra score, not the game play.Being 10 hours in, I've been bored for 5 hours. That's... not worth my money. I'd get it back if I could.They had potential with FFT's successor. Square Enix threw it away for a simple cash grab. #disappoint"
,Not Recommended,436290,33643607,Posted: 18 July,all,[TRYHARD] Dr. ChickenSalad PhD,"Slow, boring, easy, few interesting choices.  Not at all competition with FFT 1.3, Alvora Tactics, etc."
76561197998135672,Recommended,436290,33636980,Posted: 18 July,all,Remcycle,Both pros and cons have already been stated in other reviews so this is my contribution in the thumbs up column. :)
76561198027287884,Not Recommended,436290,33663644,Posted: 19 July,all,WookieWill,"Truly I wanted to like this game, it has everything I love, turn based grid combat with a squad of unique characters, dice, cards.  But it all feels very shallow and disappointing.Its a neat world, the lore you do get through the optional dialogues is interesting and I'd love to explore it more, but just in a different game.  Each story mission ramps up the difficulty to  point where you'll likely need to grind out dice or levels to stand a fighting chance because every map I've encountered is your 3 units vs between 10 to 15 enemies that can usually 2 hit your guys.There are optional side quests, but you can't level those characters so your often thrust into a situation where pure luck determines your success or failure, because you can't edit those characters decks or dice loadout.Speaking of, there is little to no variance in your deck, each character's level progression is linear and certain cards just seem far better than others, leading me to believe there is a right way to build your deck and a wrong way.  Each character has 12 cards to choose from to build their deck...Combat becomes tedious rather quickly, the developer listened to the players and added a feature to speed up enemy animations, but each action the player takes causes the camera to zoom in and watch the static boring animation you've likely seen a hundred times already.This game is an interesting beast that had quite a bit of potential, but despite how unique it is, it's just not very fun."
