user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198012593309,Recommended,436500,25533428,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nerrin,"The spaceport is mad, colorful, confusing, gross, pretty, and amazing. I'm only a little bit into it, but it's one of those works where the setting is as important a character as anyone else. And the setting shows a lot of care went into it. It's a mad and overgrown city that developed in a terribly chaotic fashion, full of back alleys, dead ends, corner shrines, thick foot traffic, and merchant stalls on every corner. It's one part major port-of-call, two parts price-gouging theme park, and one part perpetual religious festival. All of which you have to clean up after, rather than take part in. Navigation is entirely by memory or landmark - different neighborhoods have different colors assigned, which you can find by following guide arrows on the ground or looking for big lit-up signs across the skyline. If there's a map function, I haven't yet found it, and I think it's better not to have it.You can get lost. You can get confused. You can eat from the ground or the cheap vending machines and get violently ill and spend a minute straight puking all over (and then cleaning up after yourself for extra pay) while the screen goes blurry. You can pray and make offerings at the shrines across the city, and watch your luck score plummet anyway. You can scrounge and run all over to sell discarded trinkets back to the merchants for a fraction of what they're originally sold for, or collect them to decorate your tiny tenement room. You can do all this while an angry, cursed, floating skull screams in your ear every couple of minutes. And then you can recount it all at the end of the day in your one luxury, a tiny diary with a post-it note's space per day to try to put your thoughts in order before facing the next day.And then the skull screams at you again.It's a very particular game. The whole thing has a strange charm. It's atmospheric as all hell, though. If a weird little ""low SF"" indentured servitude simulator sounds like it might be up your alley, give it a shot. The intro sequence is ultimately very short and then you hit the ground running.Me, I think I'm going to see how far I can go in turning my apartment into a trash-hoarding nightmare."
76561198007432032,Recommended,436500,25596082,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sam,"If ever there was a game that seemed aimed at me with flawless, laser-like precision, then this little indie title from Sundae Month is it. Unless you interpret Alien Isolation as a simulation in which you try to evade the acid spitting jaws of capitalism.You're a transgender working class janitor stuck in a dingy flat with just enough money to keep the lights on. I recognise all of this immediately. Despite the colourful, alien world of the spaceport, the game is centred almost exclusively on the mundane. You wake up each morning to clean up trash, getting money for each item you incinerate. To incinerate trash you need energy, to get energy you need to sleep and you cannot sleep if you're hungry. That's the structure of every day, one that lets you explore the spaceport during your routine.It's a pleasant place to roam, packed with details and stories, carved out of the thickest sci-fi pulp and injected with some humour, made infallibly cute. Strange music hums from cantina's whilst space ships soar overhead. It's also designed in such a way that even as you become familiar with it, you never seem to know it in intimate detail. The density seems a deliberate move to ensure the player always feels just a little lost.As the days pass the spaceport changes too, with the weather or with the coming of a festival, affecting the difficulty of your job. In a lovely touch, you get to fill out entries in the titular diary at the end of each day, giving you a little space to express yourself.You'll encounter dozens upon dozens of different lifeforms (I'm still seeing new ones), some of which you can chat with, to be met with insights and compliments or, just as often, insults and pranks. There's also the goddesses, whom you must appeal to if you wish to improve your luck (an attribute that determines many factors as you explore the spaceport). Then there's the trash.The trash is made up of a whole loads of items, some of it simple trash and junk but also unique little oddities. There's even plenty of unwelcome bodily fluids to clean up, in case you were worried it wouldn't offer the authentic janitorial experience.Some of it has value, allowing you to gain some extra money by bartering with the various vendors throughout the spaceport. Other items can help with your luck, keep you fed or help with illness. Of course some of it has no real value at all yet I'd be surprised if I was alone in hanging onto a few rare items out of sentimentality. Someone's lost mix tape. A festival mask.Your deprived little world is brightened immensely by these strange items and soon you'll find you're running out of storage to keep each and every one you find, especially as you need to make room for more important things like food.So the game becomes this balancing act, managing all these necessitates. There's never an urgency, you can't die or fail but you can't progress, you can't see anything new till you've covered these expenses. It speaks to a greater truth about the mundanity of being poor. It's not a constant fear that you'll be made homeless or that you'll starve. You always manage to get by. The real fear that persists is that you'll never escape the cycle, you'll never be able to do more than just get by. Day by day, this endless grind to get nowhere. The game never makes you feel so grim about it all; the wondrous setting is simply too joyous to allow it but it gets the idea across without simulating it.This feeling seems manifest in the “curse” you obtain early in the game, a hovering skull that stalks you, draining your luck. The quest to break the curse is the games only escape from the routine of your janitorial duties and offers a glimmer of hope that if you can just break it, maybe then you'll have a chance to escape the rock you've been born on. Yet if this game managed to show me anything, it's the valuable wonders you can find even on that rock.The only other thing you have to manage is the need to “gender-shift”. After a length of time the screen will begin to go hazy, character's text speech will be gargled and illegible. You have can ignore it and press on with your routine but the distortion remains. To cure it, you have to spend money on “gender-shifts” which temporarily alleviate the effects. It's a simple little thing, filled with humour (as an alien you can adopt a variety of genders, including one called Susan Sarandon) but it captures some of the anxieties of gender dysphoria remarkably well.This is a game constructed about a very particular experience, executed in the most vibrant way. A game with an exotic location, chock full of aliens and illusions. Yet its purpose is to let you inhabit a specific kind of mundane routine. It nonetheless makes for an appealing game, giving you a purpose in your roaming, keeping you busy as you soak up the atmosphere of a bustling alien world that just this once, doesn't revolve around you, the player. That interest cannot be sustained indefinitely, obviously. Sooner or later you'll want more and the game dangles a carrot or two in front of you, promising that perhaps there is indeed something more to find.Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a small game with humble ambitions. It seems to me to be an unexpectedly personal game whose specificity resonated with me a great deal. So I don't know if it'll be for everyone. It's not a demanding game, technically or otherwise nor is it expensive. It can be played at leisure, for a bit of joy and colour. I think anyone looking for a world to inhabit, without an epic adventure or quest, will find a lot to love. And perhaps a little to learn."
,Recommended,436500,29635800,Posted: 1 February,all,Melusca,"I've played a lot of open-world-RPG-whatever games, and none of them came close to this game for making me believe that I was part of a world that lived independently of my character, that I wasn't the center of the universe from which every mechanic, every part of the story depended on.Of course, if you're somehow familiar with game design, this is all smoke and mirrors and the game couldn't actually exist without player input, but in this case the smoke is pretty dank and the mirrors are of excellent quality, which is funny because the game seems to pride itself to be low-quality, from the graphics options ranging from ""bad"" to ""worse"", to its apparently mundane and unrewarding theme.Everything is in the title. Playing as a janitor, most of the game will have you wander around looking for trash to burn (or to keep, in case you happen to like whatever you find), while trying to make sense of the area layout and the weird mechanics (like praying to bizarre gods or scattering items around for luck, and buying ""gender"" to ward off some kind of bad trip). There are shops everywhere, but everything is overpriced, intended for adventurers you'll barely see and definitely not for some random lowlife. There is a ""main quest"", but it's actually pretty short. There seems to be no end to the daily routine. The game kinda plays like an Animal Crossing where most people will look down on you.Despite that, the game's world is full of life (particularly during festivals, which are probably the best part of the game), filled with weird characters and atmosphere. The ""bad"" graphics contribute to the overall sense of wonder (even after finishing the game and playing for a dozen hours, I still discover alien species I never saw before). The sound design is excellent, while wandering around you'll be able to hear various environmental sounds and alien ""languages"" which, despite being totally unintelligible at first, will eventually become a defining part of the experience.i know i should be trying to break the curse. but honestly.. ive gotten pretty used to it. and for whatever reason sifting through the discarded treasure of this place? doesnt feel so bad these days+ A world that feels alive+ Great sound design+ The festivals+ Thought-provoking ""gender"" mechanic+ Weird achievements+ The manual- Very repetitive10/10 This is the kind of game that is targeted towards a very specific public, but targets it extremely well. I knew this game was for me mere seconds after looking at the store page."
76561198058225272,Recommended,436500,25560625,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,zapper7174,"I bought this game because I was curious, because the artstyle was cute, and because I had about 8 bucks to burn.I didn't expect much, maybe a small little pixel adventure I might like to play every now and again, maybe something I didn't like and would return later. I decided to roll the dice, to see what this game held.What I got was barely a tutorial, and an interesting trek through a market plaza brimming with life and color that assaulted the senses with an almost alien familiarity. It was like stepping into a flea market, or a foreign bazaar, a strange and worderous place that I had no idea what the hell I was doing in.I picked up trash, because I was a janitor and that was what I was supposed to do, until I came across some wires. I paused, these were wires, clearly trash, and yet the market salesmen had trade options. Maybe it was valuable? So I saved it.I spent the next ten minutes trying to find a way to hock what was essentially garbage in the attempt at making a quick buck. Blocked at every turn I found myself in a park like area. Nothing better to do I talked to the locals, and low and behold I met a monkeyman selling eyeballs.I was leery of course, what could I do with eyes? Curiousity got the better of me though, so I bought the cheaper of the two and moved on. The next five minutes would be spent talking to people, getting some conversations, meeting some vendors who would later influence my trash collecting habits, and generally just wasting time.Eventually I decided to try entering the strange door ahead of me, because what else was there to do? It wouldn't let me in though, because I didn't eat an eyeball first. Lucky for me I had one, so I popped it in my mouth and got ready for an adventure.I wasn't ready for the acid trip.Stubbling drugged and mad I ventured into the dark depths, and ventured out with a screaming skull and no idea what the hell just happened.I essentially just lived an episode of Adventure Time, and all I payed for it was 8 dollars."
,Not Recommended,436500,25615338,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,shennong,"I bought this game because it reminded me of a board game about child poverty I played when I was young, crossed with Harvest Moon. The main thing I remembered about the board game is that the mechanics tended to enforce poverty and make escape from it very unlikely, and this seemed like it was doing something along those lines, with a HM-like time management/commerce/quest framework.I'll get this out of the way up front: the game is broken as of this review.The game basically consists of a daily Harvest Moon like routine-loop with a single main quest for a story. The main quest is composed of 3 smaller fetch quests. One of these three is broken. Given how simple the structure of the game is, it's not a good look to release in this state.Things I enjoyed:-environments are fun to look at and navigate-character designs read well-basic loop is fun to do for a while, often seems as though there is a lot to do (more on this below)-collecting items and reading descriptions has a katamari-like feel for a while-some mechanics like floor patterns affecting character's luck, or redscarves stealing money, are immersive-some grinding poverty feels altho usually more on grad-student-level than menial-worker-levelThings I did not enjoy:-main quest is broken-quickly becomes clear that most items (basically all interesting ones) are usually irrelevant to the character (they rarely pop as trash and can't be purchased because the price is much too high). This includes food items, which are a major focus of the game-Cheap, filling food (Horka Sauce or whatever) is available at vending machines, which obviates whatever attraction expensive foods might have had anyway-Eating discarded/rotten/inexpensive food isn't really penalised (you puke a lot, but each puke can be incinerated for MC, so you're eating for free and generating your own waste to burn too). There's not really any mechanical pressure in general, but this one just seems to undermine the basic theme of the game-saleable items that pop as trash are often worth so little that it rarely makes sense to take the time out to track down a merchant who will buy them. What seems like an interesting decision- ""should I keep this item and fill an inventory slot in hope of a later profit or incinerate now for a few MC"" usually is after a while resolved by ""item is only worth a few MC anyway, burn it"" or ""who the ♥♥♥♥ even buys fusion batteries, 420 burn em"".-because most items are irrelevant, and because most items that seem relevant aren't actually worth that much anyway, once you've seen most of the common trash items, the basic loop stops being as interesting-not much reason to talk to vendors after you realise their wares are on the table- quickly realise that 90% of stalls are irrelevant-""gender"" mechanic feels completely shoehorned in. ""Mechanic"" is maybe too grand a word here- ""gender"" does nothing in game other than remove a blurry camera effect that occurs every day if you don't take ""gender pills"". I was expecting some kind of trans/genderqueer commentary on the basis of the game description, so I assumed there was some kind of semi-didactic content here, but it just seems like a total afterthought. Literally the only other part of the ""gender system"" is a wacky-random mad libs description of your new gender after you take your pill- and it always says ""Your gender is now <MAD LIB>, you feel amazing!""After it set in that the gender thing wasn't doing anything in-game, I briefly thought that this might be a sort of ""class burns gender"" commentary- that is, your gender-shifting janitor's hormone pills are literally just a secondary addiction (drug use in order to stave off negative effects) that has no effect on her (visually, mechanically, behaviourally etc) except to assign her a fancy new label that does nothing to raise her out of her poverty.In a forums post the devs indicate that the gender mechanic comes out of their experiences with gender and that it is supposed to represent ""the way gender works in the real world"" and intended ""to do something potentially interesting"". It seems clear that they didn't really have any specific didactic intent with this, and I don't think it really adds anything to the game (the blurry camera effect could easily have been rolled into the hunger mechanic and the gender-shifting treated either thru story events or another more meaningful mechanic).-luck mechanics seem easily gamed. I started at -100 luck and was at +1500 luck in a day or two just by praying at shrines and leaving a couple of candles-""diary"" notetaking feature does not allow you to review previous entries, again undermining a basic theme of the gametldr;game is currently brokengame is more of an aesthetic experience than a cohesive mechanical wholemight be interesting to those looking for a short HM-likeprobably best got on sale if at all"
,Recommended,436500,32427236,Posted: 15 June,all,DiscoAmazing,"This game is one of a kind, and a true work of art.The graphics are beautiful, colorful, and pixel-y but undeniably modern.The writing is hilarious and quirky in a way that perfectly matches the colorful visuals.Finally, despite ostensibly being a game about picking up and scrounging through trash, it manages to somehow also be an awesome adventure with: mystical curses, interesting characters, pointless collecting, and exciting exploration.All in all, Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a truly great game, and not only that, it's the work of a true visionary, and that's a rare thing indeed in an industry dominated by 100+ person teams. That makes it worth it on its own if you ask me."
,Recommended,436500,25574556,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,moose,"The game is sort of a queasy, sickly-sweet emulation of what an absolutely real, dead-end job is like. You never really do much more than float along completing vague objectives. You are a vague person. Even when the objective is clear, you're still just doing whatever presents itself. In other words, whether you ignore the goals or not the ultimate goal is just, ""pick up junk, burn junk, and go to sleep; start again.""The sound is lively; the festival day in particular has wonderful cascades of different sounds and sort of makes itself feel like music you might hear on foreign planets. The game indulges your xenophobia: everything is foreign, and that usually means something is bad. Looking at how the luck system works (dont walk on spirals, dont incinerate living matter, pray a lot and leave candles and great food at shrines, etc) is pretty superstittious and prohibitive--- and yet I still don't understand whether luck affects anything at all.In many ways it plays out as a sort of back-and-forth of either making you feel completely lost- the bizarre repeating map layout really feeds that paranoia of being lost endlessly- and anxious- aliens hitting on you and then getting mad when you reject them- or making you comfortable and resigned to the fate of a dead-end job forever with no imagined end in sight. Sort of like stockholm syndrome, this game is enrapturing in its dry simplicity and painful dullness. It is a walking sim with additional gameplay enough to keep you going but not enough to seem fully formed yet incomplete. Other walking sims (I won't name names) feel like they attempted to be more or less than what they needed to prove their visual or narrative themes. They either feel like non-games or cinematic experiences with a game tacked on. This game hits a nice spot. It's not perfect, but it remains interesting far longer than the price-tag. It might be a nice game to play on shrooms or acid or high as a kite on any number of other substances.I read into it as an indictment of a sort of monolithic multiculturalism. This game puts you in a  dysfunctional-functional dystopian world where you pick up all sorts of absolutely meaningless trash that for the most part does nothing to aid your quests. Aliens are rude, superstitious, stupid, and condescending. On the other hand, you get interesting genders, like ""SUSAN SARANDON..."" I suppose that makes up for it: nice gender identity treatment in the game (the best treatment is humorous or irreverent because it can please most people regardless of their views). The character seems female; then they go outside and look a bit more androgynous, frumpy. Even the manual hints at your player character accepting the curse they inherit, an annoying disembodied skull thing that just... screams at you a lot. It's unsettling at first, and later it just becomes annoying and then really just devolves into more mundane routine. You stop noticing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The whole game is melancholic in the repetition, and you almost feel sad if you admit to yourself that you could keep playing this visual purgatory forever, because it's a better version of the drudgery of everyday life. At least this nightmare can be woken up from; at least this nightmare ends, and it is colorful and cute. At least the aliens all party one day. At least there's some kind of higher power at work that affects life. I guess it's a nice enough nightmare. Most of us would love to wake up from reality into something better. If I was a spaceport janitor with an annoying skull thing, I'd keep sleeping."
,Not Recommended,436500,32798797,Posted: 25 June,all,friendpatine,"I really, really wanted to like this game. It had everything I thought I'd like: cute pixel graphics, unique gameplay, and a creative setting...but I didn't find it enjoyable.I understand that it is a social commentary on the lives of the marginalized poor, and the struggle going day to day with your meager earnings. It also sort of addresses gender dysphoria which can be a plus to some people, but it was just an additional hassle while playing this game.I suppose the bottomline is that there's nothing to do in the game. You pick up trash, burn or sell it, eat food, change your gender, pray at shrines, and survive the day. At first glance, the space port seems teeming with interesting things, but it's all very dull. The NPCs don't have anything interesting to say, you don't go on any meaningful quests, and you don't progress. I even looked up the ending to see if I had something interesting to look forward to.You earn enough money to leave, the credits roll, but you wake up and it's all actually a dream.I think the game banked too heavily on the fact that it was quirky and charming, which it is--to a certain extent. But it isn't nearly charming enough to make up for the lack of things to do. Maybe I would have enjoyed it if there was something you could do with the things you get, maybe you can melt down the metal, and turn it into something to decorate your house, I don't know.I understand that this kind of game appeals to some people, and there's no problem with that. I just think that it is a bit too...uneventful for my tastes."
76561198142636922,Recommended,436500,25588796,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MisterTor,"This game is great! Though some people may not like it's visual style, or the routine bound gameplay; would it really be better if the devs developed those areas any more? C'mon, you're a janitor.Every morning you wake up along with your floating companion (that you eventually want to get rid of) and stare out the window overlooking the spaceport. It could be sunny or absolutely pouring out. Down there are weird species bustling about with odd variations from walking televisions, to red stickmen with pulsating heads. You then shove a piece of rusty scrap metal into your pants hoping that someone you meet will buy it, and obtain your meager earnings from burning trash; then venturing out to do exactly that. Burn trash.Though along the way you may find yourself rubbing up against a sword for good luck, praying to gods, collecting fetishes, changing your entire gender so you don't glitch out of reality. You will gawk at stupidly overpriced food, sell that scrap metal for 12% of its original price, give containers to a containerphile, listen to local alien bands, and accidentally incinerate lucky charms and living things. All whilst you look up into the sky, seeing all the spaceships dart about like free souls. You often wonder to your simple janitor yourself,""Will I ever be up there amongst them?""This game forces you to embrace who you are. Being a janitor here is difficult, you have to manage yourself carefully just to make sure you're fed everyday. You have to occasionally change your gender to stop from phasing out of existence, and sometimes guards may approach you when you're not aware and literally eat a good 20% of all the money you have. You eat, burn trash, sell trash, burn trash, eat again, burn trash, sleep, and then repeat. Only diverging once in a while to pursue your dreams of getting out of this noisy, dirty spaceport that sadly can't clean itself.Hovever not sticking to your job can deplete your money real fast, and so time and time again you will have to return to it. It reminds yourself that at the end of the day, until you get off this planet, you're just a janitor.Crystalline/Dirt, would change gender to ""Cryogene"" again."
76561198008038817,Recommended,436500,25536059,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,CHEF,"Its basically like being a real janitor.....but in space.The atmosphere and theme are colourful and light, there is so much life and character to the space-port, its charming as balls! But at the end of the day you are broke as F***, you live in a trash can, you pick up junk, you eat the junk because you hardly have enough money to buy decent alien food and then you puke every where and wonder what the point of your life is.In a crab shell its bloody brilliant, the game doesnt hold your hand, you are an insignificant blip in a large unforgiving world. If you enjoying exploring in a world full of intruige and weirdness then I highly recommend getting lost in this one!"
,Recommended,436500,25554352,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,GamerStrider,"It's been a while since I've felt like I should write a review, and I feel like this game has already justly deserved an upvote.This game is simplistic, with a simplistic goal. While I have not completed the game, nor does it run perfect frames all the time, it's easy, and despite it's lack of in-depth gameplay.. It's actually quite fun.The idea of the game is that you are a space-port janitor-bot. As stated on the tin, and your goal is to get off the cruddy world that you live on in order to live a better life. Often times you'll come across items that you may think have no value and incinerate, as part of your job. Others you'll try to use in order increase your ""luck"" so that you might find better trash on the ground, which could range from absolute garbage, to items that you could trade for municipial credits.Every day you'll need to eat in order to stay alive, and sleep so that you can recharge your incinerator. Each day has their own events, and often times you might find yourself with a lack of trash to find, and others you'll find such an abundance that you can't even carry it all, nor incinerate all of it. At the end of the day, when your character wants rest, you go back to your little apartment, write in your diary, and sleep.What I found interesting is that there was always something to write about what happened each day. One day I'd be rich, and the next I would've spent it all on a porn mag in order to get a tablet piece so that I could get rid of the annoying barking skull that lingers around me every day. Another day I'd be well within my budget for food, before one of the security bots would hassle me and eat half of my municipial credits, keeping me on guard and low on funds.TLDR;;; - In short, at 8$ I've had fun with the game in the current 1.5 hours that I've played. Would I pay that much normally? No probably not, but it surprised me how simplistically fun it was, so I recommend it to others."
76561198025034579,Recommended,436500,29009863,Posted: 4 January,all,mnemos,"Remember when you were a kid and games seemed impossibly huge? When you could get lost in an overworld map, drawn in a million different directions, and every quest was a new rabbit hole to plunge into? And do you remember how that feeling faded as you you got older and you better learned how to map out and dissect game worlds? Didn’t you feel a little bit of the magic of games seep out of the world as that happened? Diary of a Spaceport Janitor is an antidote to that feeling. It makes games seem as confusing, arcane and full of wonder as they were when you were young.On the surface, it’s a game about wandering around a giant spaceport and burning trash. At first, everything is overwhelming and nothing makes sense. The game offers just enough instruction to start you off on the wrong foot, then sets you loose in the middle of a landscape which has no regard for you. There are too many different items and charms and vendors, no indication as to what’s important and what isn’t, and the streets seem to loop back on themselves. At some point, you’ll probably find yourself shambling woozily through an alien bazaar as your vision distorts and your ability to read blinks in and out, searching desperately for a genderswap booth. You will vomit on your feet, having eaten rotten street meat, and then collect your own vomit so you can burn it for credits. You will swallow an eye and light a candle to a cruel god. This is secretly the best part of the game, and you will miss it once it’s gone.Of course, you’ll eventually come to grips with the systems beneath the game and the layout of the market. And once you do, you might be disappointed that so many of them are just illusions, sheets draped over skeletons, suggesting some measure of depth that isn’t really there. But the game is a very good illusionist, and that initial period of wonder and befuddlement it conjures is really something. I wish it didn’t lay its own systems quite so bare in the process of teaching you to use them, and I think its illusions falter ever so slightly on occasion, but those are small complaints in the grand scheme of things. It’s an incomprehensible day-glo fever dream of a game, well worth experiencing, and one I’m struggling to think of any analogs to. Oh, and it has a great soundtrack. If you don’t believe me, google “spaceport janitor festival music.”"
,Recommended,436500,25613709,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dangerous Beans,"Well... It's appropriately alien, unusually designed, and it doesn't hold your hand. Given that an increasing majority of people are not very smart, are threatened by anything new, and are lazy and helpless, I can't imagine it's going to be a super mega-hit.It's a niche game for people that like seeing new and interesting things (you know: weirdos). I'm having a lot of fun with it so far. If you're a weirdo then you may like it too."
76561198070445242,Recommended,436500,31929430,Posted: 23 May,all,Neverdusk,"One of the most chill games I've ever played.Features include:+Exploring a huge spaceport+Meeting dozens of different aliens+Incenerating trash for money+Managing finances+Starving from no finances+Realizing your luck sucks+Realizing your life sucks+Saving up for a better life+Watching a robot eat your savings+Genderbending regularly+And getting lost in a fascinating world of strange things, strange people, and strange hopes.+While loving every second of it."
,Recommended,436500,25560678,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Link232,"As advertised, Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is an ""anti-adventure."" To elaborate, the game bypasses most of the standard thoughts of dungeon spelunking and getting/selling loot to buy gear.  The only loot there is is the junk on the street that you're going to either be incinerating, or stashing in your pack to sell for a few extra credits.  You'll be living on paycheck to paycheck, due to the upkeep costs you'll have due to needing to eat, and also ""re-gender,"" while trying to accomplish a few tasks to get rid of a curse you happened upon.  Furthermore on the mechanics part is the ""luck"" system, which (seemingly) improves the random junk you'll find lying around.  It's intentionally obscure, but there's enough hints from conversations and interactions that one can piece out how to improve it.The alien locale, however, is rather charming, and the various bits of junk that you get do slightly tell a larger story of the world, even if their only purpose is to be burnt for your next bit of income.  The game is something along the lines of similar games, ""Off-Peak"" and ""Jazzpunk"" such that the character you're playing isn't really the main point of the game; it's the setting, the background of the game that you learn through relatively minor interactions you do with your character.  However, it has enough ""gameplay"" compared to those two titles that it can possibly draw in someone that wouldn't be much of a fan of the ""atmosphereic-exploration-simulator-or-what-have-you"" genre.If you do go into this game, then you should do as the game recommends, and relax and go at your own pace.  There isn't really a failure state in the game, and it's simple enough that you can easily restart over should you get into a bad enough position.  But once again, that's a bit of the charm; throwing up over some ill-advised food from the locales (and cleaning your own vomit up for the paycheck), everything being all woozy and blurry from needing another gendering, and desperately trying to find and sell bits of scrap metal to afford food for the next day, or even the current night."
,Not Recommended,436500,25643591,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,schnedwob,"I'm gonna start by saying that this review contains spoilers for what I'm assuming is about mid-game content.This game has a whole lot going for it. The environmental art is densely detailed, captivating, stylish, charming, I could go on. The gameplay has a decent foundation, with the player's nine to five dictating the way they interact with the world, as well as where they fit into it. The combination of the two results in a feeling of this really humble sort of poverty, which in its own way, especially at first, works really well! However, that changes as the game continues.The game sets up this expectation that the world is deeper than it seems, more or less literally in the form of the sewer-dungeon. Characters talk about the extensive ruins tunneling throughout the planet, full of scavengers, adventurers, and monsters. The markets are teeming with spells, armor, weaponry, and other goods that in any other game would seem like the setting's various dungeon-diving necessities. Further endorsing this expectation, the very beginning of the game has the player purchase an eye from a unique vendor who sells nothing but these eyes, which are required to enter the sewers. The player walks forward a little bit, through the uppermost level of the dungeon, to a door which the game makes a lot of ceremony out of as it creaks open with a lot of light and sound. The player retrieves a skull from behind the door, and they're shunted back into the overworld, now cursed both with this skull that gnaws away at their luckiness as well as with the expectation of a deeper, more involved game.While all this points toward the start of some dungeon-crawling RPG portion, the game outs itself as a million times shallower. To remove the curse of the skull, the player has to collect three fragments of a tablet. One of the pieces is hidden behind an unimaginative fetch quest, the second behind an even more monotonous nine-part fetch quest, and the third in the lifeless, bland sewer beneath the city. The ""deeper"" sewer in particular bothered me, because not only was it starkly free of detail compared to the part the player explores in the intro, but it's trivially easy to just walk diagonally and evade the only barrier the player faces down there. After that, the player is left with what is esentially a ten part grind to acquire the other two pieces of the tablet, which due to the game erasing all my progress as I was about halfway there, I didn't bother to complete.I've played other altgames before, and often the point is not so much to complete some sort of objective as it is to merely soak in the game's world, interact with it in interesting ways, and just have a nice time of that. Where Spaceport Janitor fails compared to peers like Crypt Worlds or Goblet Grotto is that once you've taken in the setting and spoken to the maybe five unique NPCs, there's simply no incentive to keep going.  To add insult to injury, the eponymous diary is entirely bugged, cloning whatever I wrote each night into all the previous entries.Overall, Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is like a feature-poor Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing. The game could almost be considered a deconstruction of the other two, and other games like them, if only it did more than just reduce those formulas to the most joyless parts. After teasing the player with a vibrant and colorful world, it shuts them down with gameplay that reduces the overall experience to one of shallow pointlessness."
76561198103350639,Recommended,436500,32793862,Posted: 25 June,all,Sunlight Scrub,"This game is not for everyone, let me say that up front. I am biased to games like this because I am a janitor myself and can relate to a lot of the stuff in this game. I would not say that this game is mechanically intense. The game is more about developing a routine and balancing your budget and luck, all while trying to get off the planet and get rid of the curse that you brought upon yourself from snooping around too much. The music is really good as well, especially the track, ""Pray For Luck.""A couple of things that should be noted though are the performance. The game runs smoothly at 60fps until there is a lot of things on the screen, and then it will dip into the 30s and low 20s. The lowest it ever got for me was 21fps.All in all, Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a niche, interesting management sim game with a delightful atmostphere and some pretty compelling themes.Specs:Motherboard: Asus Z87-AGraphics Card: Powercolor Radeon R9-390CPU: intel i7-4790k @ 4 GHZRAM: 8 gb DDR3"
,Not Recommended,436500,25553894,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,baby jesus,"It may be playable with some patches, but right now the game could have really used some serious playtesting before release.There are many small bugs/annoyances/bad ideas that ruin what otherwise has some great ideas in it.1. The game doesn't save/respect the invert Y option, so if you need this expect your mouse movement to flip randomly.2. There is heavy look smoothing on the camera, which means the camera is swimmy and laggy and you constantly fight against it to look where you want to. I have no idea what world they live in where they add this ""feature"" and think yes, this makes the game better.3. Many things are poorly explained. The graphics settings are ""Bad"" ""Worse"" with additional options like ""2007 mode"". This was probably funny in the developer's head but I would prefer to not have to discover how to run the thing through trial and error. At least explain what things are somewhere, then we can see the humor and know WTF is going on.4. The core design is based around you finding items and knowing where to go in this space port to use them, yet the art style, terrible camera, re-used art assets, and day/night cycle make it basically impossible to mentally map the layout of it. These two design ideas would be fine in separate games, but it's the worst game design possible for this art style.5. Accidentally click ""new game"" instead of continue? Save game deleted."
,Recommended,436500,25577735,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"From where I'm sitting,Diaries of a Spaceport Janitoris a serious contender for getting my vote of Best Indie Game of 2016.I didn't see this one coming, either. I haveneverplayed a game that captured so closely the feeling of being in a bustling city.The sites and sounds are *perfect*.When I walk by the food vendors and hear the sizzling of the grills, I can almost smell the food. Just window shopping and seeing all the fancy wares is truly incredible. The diversity of people and personalities and sites is mind boggling.I cannot really put into words the feelings this game gives me.To be perfectly honest,Diaries of a Spaceport Janitoris quite trippy.Right off the bat, it tells you that you cannot lose or die. The world really is your oyster, too. You can grind away at completing your 'quests', or just decide that you want to pick up trash and earn money, or just explore. Even after four hours in, I still am picking up trash/items/stuff that I have never seen before. It's crazy. I saw a comment on the forums about too many reused textures - I strongly disagree - everywhere I look is different and new stuff.In this world there is a nine day week. On Mondays (excuse me, onThedays), the streets are filled with musicians. Music is in the air, and it is wild. Rainy days are awesome.The overlook in the evening is breath-taking.Each evening before bed, you literally type in a diary entry.I could go on-and-on. The only negative side that I have found is that the save system can be glitchy. I had to redo one quest (which is no simple task, mind you). I hope they are working to fix that.Pros:+This captures city life and culture better than any game I've played+My head spins with all the sites and sounds and people and things going on; it's crazy and beautiful+While it is better with keyboard and mouse, there is good controller support (all the right options are available)+Awesome weekly schedule and day/night cycle+You manage your money, hunger, gender (I know, it's weird and I'm not even getting into that part), all while trying to get rid of a curse+The sewers are so trippy that I thought I was in some outtake ofThe Shiningat one pointCons:-Save system can be glitchy-Apparently there are other glitches late-game that suck, and I really hope this gets addressed (I found this out via the forums)-I'd pay $50 to play this in VR - please make it happenThis is what indie games are all about.The ability to capture a feeling so well and so exactly - something only wild indie games can do."
76561198001935699,Recommended,436500,33022281,Posted: 29 June,all,MONTCLAIREARE,"This game captures afeel. The weirdly addicting monotony of rapidly grabbing peices of trash one by one and checking for value before burning/keeping all before sunset so that you can stop by specific traders to sell off anything interesting, grab dinner and get home without being mugged kept me immersed in the world until the end. The game is very simple and thats it's strong point.My only complaint is the numerous bugs, nothing huge but sometimes annoying(and sometimes profitable)."
76561197970479670,Recommended,436500,25551566,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Geldon,"A highly unusual game, to a large extent you can think of Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor in the same light as you can Proteus: a procedurally generated walking simulator with many an interesting sight and experience to be had, but little in terms of gameplay.However, I think DoaSJ went a little further in terms of gameplay to be had than Proteus, because there is the aim of generating money through incinerating junk and selling what you find to vendors, as well as a mandatory quest involving removing a curse.I don't want to talk too much about the details of the game because, honestly, even the very game mechanics are a spoiler.  You're a janitor at a spaceport, you have an incinerator that incinerates trash, you get paid for your work.  All of these statements are true.  None of these statements tell the whole truth, and this core incineration mechanic has nothing to do with why the game is interesting.  But to explain the specifics why exactly the game is interesting involves a lot of navel gazing that ultimately is a spoiler.At the time of this writing, there is a game breaking bug that prevents you from completing the first (possibly only?) big quest the game throws at you.  But still, as an experience, I have no trouble recommending this game for $10."
,Recommended,436500,29391231,Posted: 20 January,all,Choc_Salties,"This game is weird. I havent a clue what the actual end-game is. There is no automap feature. I have a vague idea of what I'm supposed to do...But you know what? I don't care.I'm happy to walk around doing my job, incinerating trash, with the dream of getting off of the world... eventually.Because questing underground high as #$#$@ in-game is amazing. Visuals are amazing considering what they are. Sounds and music are great. If you feel like something different, then this highly recommended."
76561197974793790,Recommended,436500,30841373,Posted: 30 March,all,YotsuMD,"Diary of a Spaceport Janitor is all about having aspirations while struggling as a wageslave barely worth talking to. Incinerate trash and trade away any valuable trinkets you may come across while dealing with basic needs like eating, sleeping, avoiding having your money literally eaten by antagonistic mercenaries, and changing your gender every five minutes.It is a visually pleasing world, though it seems bigger than it is, thanks to it's convoluted and looping layout.The developers have obviously spent a lot of time worldbuilding. Everywhere, you're teased with bits and pieces of lore and background, and the game is full of various items and gear.Too bad you never get to experience any of it, or have any use or need of 99% of the items available in the game, and some are practically unattainable because you are a garbage drone.The game is seriously lacking in conveying any sense of progress, and pushes the ""diary"" aspect in your face at the end of every game day to really hammer in that you're merely existing, and not much else. At some point you will ask yourself ""Am I having fun right now?"", before incinerating some more of your own green alien vomit.Still, it's a colorful relaxing experience full of heart, always making you feel like there's some kind of adventure out there that you just need to discover. Like buying porn for a slime monster, or trying to beat the RNG and get some religious icons for cheap, or free. It's not for everyone, but if you enjoy little slice-of-life sci-fi fantasy immersions, then go ahead. Take a break from your soulcrushing dead end drudgery, and treat yourself to some soulcrushing dead end drudgery...in space."
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,436500,31636390,Posted: 8 May,all,M6Hurricane,"This game is too jacked out to a make any sense. It's ok to have an objective oriented game, and it's fine to have an objectiveless game too. But this is somewhere in between, and the strangeness doesn't add character to the game, it just adds confusion.Overall, it seems like a sort of Ed Wood scenario, where someone put effort into the game, but the effort was wasted by a lack of skill in world-building, writing, and game-making.I hope the developer refines his technique and tries again, becasuse there is a certain something here, but it's buried under lots and lots and tons of nonsense."
,Recommended,436500,33244495,Posted: 4 July,all,Oddesu,"This game...it gives you a strange comfortable feeling. You are stuck in a deadend job picking up trash from the streets every day while getting your money robbed by redscarfs if you ever come to close to them but still.You get used to the spaceport city, you will develop a liking to some characters, you will find a favourite route to walk daily, you will fall in love with the city around you changing every day but always remaining the same.The levels of comfy this game can give is not measurable.Also there are some minor bugs here and there motsly related to needed NPCs just keeping their old text from before you advanced the story quest."
,Recommended,436500,30043247,Posted: 19 February,all,ladytitania99,"good lord where do I start? First off this game literally ate my life for about two months, it was nonstop playing for me. The soundtrack alone for this game is one of my favorites and I have a deep love for the character herself. I know it's weird to say ""I love picking up trash"" but I do. The game play is phenomenal and if you have trouble with the colors you can turn them off. Honestly, this is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,436500,25549060,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ff17cloud,"Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is adorable. Like, adorable enough that every small interaction, every small bump, either something new springs at you, where you can't help but chuckle, or you can't help but smile where it feels like you're interacting with an ever changing world of, random characters sprawling across this, apparently, giant spaceport.There's something about a game where you don't know what to expect in every corner, but not in any horrific sense, but in just, it's like life, which considering the game's art style and cast, doesn't seem to make sense, but you really get a sense of that randomness life spurts out at you, especially considering the way the game presents its main gameplay and whatnot.In essence, I'd like to say the game is this fetch-quest-mania type of game, but you aren't forced to really fetch anyone anything, I'd like to say the game is this janitor sim, but the game is quirky enough that, that doesn't seem to be the case.Pretty much, it's a game that, I honestly believe evokes all sorts of emotions, even during its weird choppy moments when you're in your apartment, but even with sorta weird mouse-controls, (ie, the menus would have been nice if I could move between choices using WASD instead of point and click which controls the camera outside of menus and shops) it's still something worth experiencing. Hey, the game's random enough that, even with those weird controls and some choppy framerates, you might find something pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,436500,25546863,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kni7es,"I get that this is an ""anti-adventure"" but the charm of repetitive routine in a colorful world wears thin very quick. Almost none of the loot you recover does anything. You either eat it, sell it, or drop at a shrine to increase your luck. You can't even do a ""Buy low, sell high"" kinda thing because you are always getting a crap deal and its more cost efficient just to burn everything in a the street as you find it rather than spend an entire day looking for the correct merchant to sell it to, because you get paid by the city based on the amount of trash you incinerate a day. A game economy where all the loot you find is more profitable to you destroyed is a poorly designed game economy. The game has a bunch of hidden timers that are constantly ticking down that effect how much time you have left in a day. Your hunger meter is steadily decreasing and you have to find something to eat, your luck (as far as I can tell) is constantly ticking down and you have to pray at shrines and eat and hold items to increase it, your gender(?) meter is also degrading and you have to go to a Gender Kiosk to ""gendershift"" so that the screen will stop being wonky. All of those things cost money and money is one thing you never have much of. If the game economy was better designed you might be able to make at least some money, but no, I have never had more than 150 MC and most items in game cost way more than that. I can buy food and gender and thats it. Everything else is out of my reach. I don't even know why you have an option to buy from street merchants because, other than food, your only viable option is to sell to them because, like I said above, you can't sell one merchant's items to another and expect to turn even a marginal profit. Its a poorly designed game with a lot of charm that it burns through right quick."
76561198084707835,Not Recommended,436500,30417984,Posted: 9 March,all,Argonwolf,"Everybody gets something different out of the games they play. Never has this been more evident than when I recently purchased DSJ during a Steam sale. The adorable pixel art, technicolor environments and scads of awards convinced me I'd be in for a genuine treat as I roamed the spaceport of whatever's rock, being an NPC in so many unknown crusaders' adventures. It seemed refreshing, like a new experience I'd love to try.Boy was I in for a surprise.It didn't take more than an hour to realize that the supposedly interesting perspective comprised of walking aimlessly around an EXTREMELY SMALL (I like to mention this because so many reviews praise the size and complexity of the spaceport) map, looking for things to sell that will allow you to buy food and medicine to continue your pointless existence. At the beginning you go into a small ""dungeon"" and get a cursed skull that follows you around occasionally making strange growling noises at your face when not floating aimlessly, never taking its gaze off you. This is the metaphor the game uses to tell you that your character isn't good enough to do anything fun with her life and must be punished for daring to have aspirations. Oliver Twist-isms aside, the act of finding the money to sustain oneself is so boring I think I'd rather starve, the scenery grows old very quickly because as I said, the map you can access is tiny, and every potentially interesting aspect of the game always turns out to be a tease that you can't actually do anything with.So the game gives you an interesting world that only comprises about an acre and a half, a lot of interesting items that don't actually do anything, and no way to actually accomplish the tenuous end-goal of ""escaping the planet"" to live in space somewhere. It won't even give you the bitter satisfaction of closure to end your pointless journey.I can understand that the developers wanted to make you really feel the overwhelming pointlessness of existing as a wage-slave, but at no point does the game cobble together enough charm to actually be compelling, so it just presents itself like the developers are rubbing it in your face that you paid them for the privilege to be told that you're not good enough to get an actual game. Y'know, the thing you paid for? And expected to have some meaning?As far as I know you can get rid of the skull, but the map, despite being so tiny, is so ♥♥♥♥ing convoluted that walking across town to buy some gardener porn at the local misguided smut salesman feels like diving into the Labyrinth, only without the promise of David Bowie to greet you at the end with an uncomfortable tight-pants dance number. Getting rid of the skull does what it says on the tin, and nothing more. Another vacuous accomplishment in an endless stream of literal pointlessness.You may feel that I'm missing the point of the game, but I assure you I understand fully what the game was trying to do. That doesn't make it any less biting that it fails at its goal miserably. Maybe colorful pixel art is all some people need. Maybe all you need to justify buying a game is that it has stereotypically ""indie"" qualities like small scope, grainy visuals and an overly-pretentious theme. If that's the case, more power to you. You got more out of this game than I did.The icing on the disappointment cake is that, despite aiming for such low-quality visuals, the devs don't seem to have made even the most halfhearted attempts at optimizing the game, meaning that despite the fact that it should be able to run alright on a Win95 machine, DSJ makes my mid-range gaming computer cry when much prettier (though certainly not top-end) 3D games like Avorion and Besiege have no issues. It's just not necessary.On the whole, a game that could have provided a neat perspective on hopelessness and mediocrity simply took its philosophy to heart a bit too well, and ended up a hopeless, mediocre disappointment itself. If you have money to burn, the art might be worth the price, but even though I got it on sale I wish I'd never bothered with this game."
,Recommended,436500,33427416,Posted: 10 July,all,Ucchedavāda,"Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a game about collecting trash and making ends meet.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Collect Trash. Write. Sleep.While the game takes place in a vibrant space-port full of life and adventure, you play the role of a lowly janitor tasked with collecting and burning the refuse of society.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Collect Trash. Gendershift. Write. Sleep.Burning garbage earns you a small amount of money, just enough to pay for your daily needs. However, one person's trash is another person's treasure, and as you learn you find your way through the labyrinthine spaceport, you also learn what trash is worth holding onto so that you can sell it to specific vendors.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Collect Trash. Get cursed. Whah! Write. Sleep.Early in the game the protagonist incurs a curse, resulting in a floating skull following you around and occasionally going 'Whah!'. Ridding yourself of this curse becomes the overarching goal of the game.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Get sick. Collect Trash. Write. Sleep.In addition to being burdended by a curse, the inhabitants of the spaceport also express their disgust at your presence, vendors sneer as you browse their wares, and security guards will bully you given the opportunity. This is not a game about stroking your ego.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Collect Trash. Festival! Write. Sleep.While the graphics of the game are primitive, together with the soundtrack they do an excellent job of bringing the spaceport to life. The weekly festivals (on Theday) make for a visual and auditory treat ... and there's always a lot of garbage lying around during these festivals.Wake up. Pray. Eat. Collect Trash. Write. Sleep.Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is not a complicated game, but it is well worth playing. Each day takes no more than a few minutes, and the game is well suited for being played in short bursts of a few in-game days at a time."
,Recommended,436500,31573838,Posted: 5 May,all,BinarySplit,"The first couple hours were an awesome and unique experience that I totally recommend experiencing. The world in DoaSJ is bustling and full of alien culture (music, religion, etc.) that will draw you in. It's very enjoyable and I highly recommend it if it's at a price you're willing to pay for 2 hours of fantastic game.After the 2 hour mark, however, the game loses its shine. There are a lot of optional things you can do (e.g. finding the right vendor to sell the things you pick up) that actually aren't worth the time or effort required. You end up just becoming a minmaxing grinder because it's the only way to get through the story in a reasonable amount of time. It's a bit sad - I was really hoping that the world would develop, or the story would unfold in unexpected ways, but hours 3-7 were just a repetitive slog with no reward.I still recommend playing a couple hours of DoaSJ, but don't expect to finish it - once the game stops being enjoyable, it doesn't recover."
,Recommended,436500,26425235,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,zilly,"Charming game with unique story, gameplay, art, and world designI bought this game because it resembled the style of the 'Katamari' games (I Love Katamari, Me & My Katamari etc.)It actuallydoeshave the feeling and even soundtrack of something from the 'Katamari' universe (pixel-graphics aside)To make things short, you go around either burning or collecting different items on the ground each day as you save money.This is because you're an Alaensee girlbeast who is in poverty; working as a janitor or whatever..You need the money to buy some crucial items from vendors around the map in order to progress in the story.This game has some GREAT cyberpunk themes and aesthetics. In my opinion it is almost the perfect example of making a game with a cyberpunk universe that is also relaxing and casual instead of tense and depressing.𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐆𝐎𝐎𝐃:+ Unique RPG-style progression+ Great character design to add to the cyberpunk/sci-fi theme+ Story that compliments the game-world and its aesthetics and tonality+ Big game world for the size of the game (360mb?)+ Weird and quirky characters, overall themes make it interesting to play to the end+ Soundtrack is pretty damned good,lots of ambiance throughout areas in the world+ Lots of achievements to unlock + trading cards𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐁𝐀𝐃:- Not something for people who need help often with video games- Wouldn't be something for people who avoid artistic or weird/unique games10/10Worth the full price for those who like how it looks from the premise and screenshotsEasily my first or second favourite game of all time at this point."
,Not Recommended,436500,25613015,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TheSmalHobbit,"Not what I was expecting. Expecting to just go around, experience a story, incinerate some trash, spelunk some sewers. Nope. Here, you're sick for no apparent reason. Here, you need a gender shift. Now you need another one even though you just paid for it yesterday. Is there a map? Nope. But you have to go find a specific Priestess just so you can go spelunking in the sewers. The game is charming and the festivals were absolutely endearing. But for ♥♥♥♥ sake just let me play the game without getting bogged down with something that makes me think my character is a hypochondriac."
76561198053059224,Not Recommended,436500,33330541,Posted: 6 July,all,GhengisPecan,"I bought this game during the 2017 Steam Summer Sale, so my review will reflect it having been a lower price, although I would not recommend this game at the discounted price either.So this game, to start, enticed me with its charming art style and varied yet fitting music. It sets you up as a janitor at this spaceport that is doomed to pick up trash every day for what seems like forever. This is a really novel concept, one that understandably won't interest everyone: Who wants to play as a janitor? Well, its possible to have monotonous or ""boring"" jobs become good games, such as Paper's Please, so if that idea doesn't exactly vibe well with you I'd pass on this game.Each day starts the same but for some reason the developers don't really give you a solid grasp on what to do, atleast convieniently. Most of the stuff you pick is trash but some of it can be sold, rarely will it be a good price. You need the money to get food in order to go to sleep to wake up to burn trash and sell trash to get money to get food to go to sleep ..........This is what every day wil be like, and the only guide you have in this is a journal that leaves much to be desired. It tells you a general idea of what to do but boils down to : Burn Trash, Eat, and Sleep.Thematically I understand the meaning and commentary going on but when playing it it just doesn't work. The monotony of cleaning this place up is fun for the first few days but you realize eveyday is exactly the same. You need to find items during your money making trash pickups. The items you need to get are so rare to find on the ground, and are often expensive as hell at whatever merchant stand has them. Which you'd think would be easy, but besides the fact that all items in the game change where they are sold, by who they are sold, how much they are sold for, there's ALOT of merchants in this game. They are divided into different quarters that will roughly organize items, but taking out the obvious examples (weapons go to the adventuring quarter), you'll find your self asking where you should even start to look for the right merchant. This alone is annoying but is made worse by the spaceport itself.It is a very beautiful place but it is unbearably terrbile to play in. It's confusing to walk in and despite about 4 hours of gametime at the time of this review I still have trouble putting together a map of the place. Because you don't get a mini map or map for your journal, good luck. The closest thing I got to a ""map"" was a display or diorama of the space port in the dungeons which is essentially useless because its large and can't be taken with you. I read some of the discussions for this game and some people argue that you should keep playing and just get a sense of the spaceport, that getting lost is ""part of the expereince"". I could agree if the spaceport was different for each person, like procedurally generated or shifted as the day goes on, but instead of being designed to be cleverly disorienting this game comes off more as pointlessly complex. While this mirrors a big city atmosphere, so it works thematically, it isn't fun to play in nor is it challenging. The game doesn't ask you to ""get good"", it requires you get used to its awkward and clumsy choices.Additionally there are a few areas that seem pointless to go to, and when I walked through them it felt like I should have been elsewhere looking for stuff to do.Not that there is much to do besides pick up trash. You can go into the dungeons, which I thought would be more prominent in this game, as in something you do more often, but it amounts to nothing as well.I think that's the problem with ""Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor"", that there doesn't feel like any reason to get things done because you don't feel any payoff for your actions. You can't upgrade your trash incinerator to have a bigger battery, you can't upgrade your backpack to hold more stuff, you can't make the prices in the town go down significantly, you can't customize your house or character or space port. I didn't feel as if I accomplished anything in this game in the time that I played it, and it was frustrating to know that after all the time I spent it didn't matter. This cute world didn't change for better or worse despite what I did.Another point other gamers brought up in the discussion forums was how this game is a simulation, so its slower pace and goals are justified by being an experience and not merely a game. However there are ways to make simulations fun, and one of the best ways to make a simulation fun is to give a meaningful story that meshes with an equally developed game. ""Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor"" does not give you one. While your character does face discrimination that highlights how they feel, such as being abused by the police type NPC's and cat-called on the streets by creepy aliens, you don't feel a sense of empathy for her (their to use gender correct pronouns; please see p.s. at end of review) because her situation doesn't improve and she doesn't change or go through an arc or learn a lesson. I haven't reached the end of this game, which certainly impacts my ability to critique this game, but I don't feel interested in this game, and don't care about this janitor, enough to try anymore.I really, really wanted to enjoy this game but it feels draining, which I suppose is the point this game tries to make. But an important thing to consider, and to bring up ""Papers, Please"" again, is that you can have a great game around a seemingly bad or weird role to play. You just need to make sure its fun, and for ""Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor"", it just isn't.P.S. there is a mechanic in this game where your character must change genders frequently. It's an interesting idea and I'm glad the devs included this sort of thing because it adds a unique spin to character, identity, plus I'd imagine the gender fluid community appreciates having a character that is relatable for once. My problem with this mechanic is that it is implemented very poorly in that it feels like you have no control over it, and it constantly sinks your money by happening, without fail, every 2-3 days. I don't find myself able to comment on this as I don't identify with the nonbinary or genderfluid community, so make of this mechanic and what it means for yourself."
76561198092369901,Not Recommended,436500,25632469,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cliveh,"Got this during the launch special offer. fun game atmosphere, terrible bugs, think the devs might be massive trolls. If your looking for something fun and casual this might be what you're looking for with the caveat that the main quest is currently broken.I do enjoy the atmosphere, the graphics, the music, the memory-games; I also enjoy the design decisions by the devs, for example many people complain about the lack of an in-game map but Im glad in this specific case that one is omitted; once you figure out how to find your way around and realise what is going on it will make you laugh.If the devs fix the bugs I would recommend this game. As stated by others the main quest is broken, also I remember hearing about the blue-gem appartment bug in an early preview video which seems to have been taken down, I would have thought the devs should have fixed it by now but it looks like exactly the same game with exactly the same bug.  I dont know weather they've been sitting on their hands all this time, or just inventing new ways to troll players. maybe both.Im going to be intentionally vague about the story.About the blue-gem appartment bug: In my first game, had built up some luck despite being cursed and starting to get a moderate pile of credits and good progress towards getting the quests done... until the end of the 6th day when the janitor started vomiting inside the apartment filling the place with vomit, couldnt do anything due to low battery so had to sleep/save.  next morning put inventory in storage then grabbed the vomit to take outside to incinerate it, then went back into the apartment to get my inventory back only to find the apartment full of guards, blue gems all over the floor and a set of nine of the same items on the wall (which I didnt collect) also the statue had changed -it looked like a completely different apartment; at this point I just left as I didnt want to get jumped by the guards but then found there were no options in the game menu.  Had to force the game to close and when I loaded my save I had no items, empty storage, no credits, 0.1 luck, starving and need to gendershift; also my diary had been erased like it was a new game.Persevered and managed to eventually complete the collection quest only to find the quest npc does not meet you, the quest marker points to where she should be but shes not there; tried taking all the items in inventory and waiting all day but she doesnt appear, so it is impossible to progress further.Pretty dissapointing; but despite all this I did enjoy the experience and I cant get that song out of my head."
76561198065559755,Recommended,436500,25535830,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pandasaurus,"i dont know where to start. Its a really atmospheric and relaxing game, feels like walking in the wonderland.I'm pretty sue there is much more than meets the eye in this space port, and im really intrigued in finding it, or maybe not, i'm okay both way, that's how chill this game isone thing that needs mentioning, the  music, gracious beb the music in this game is awesome.but somehow i cant seem to unlock the steam achievement, even the first one which is get cursed (i already did obviously), im hoping the dev can help me out with this one"
,Recommended,436500,25737011,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sparrowblue,"PROS:-Very colorful overall-Odd items you find-Gives a festive and not so festive vibe-The game doesn't hold your handYou have a goal in mind but the game doesn't really tell you how to complete it. There are little hints here and there but just enough to not give it away.-The map of the game is repetitive and never ending.What I mean by that is you can just walk a few meters forward and you'll be in the same spot you were in a few meters back. A neat way to make the map. The map is also hard to remember. The streets and alley ways will always confuse you but luckily there are landmarks to help you find your way.-It isn't easy to get a lot of moneyKeep in ming you play as a low-life janitor for a spaceport and you'll see a looot of items that you can't afford and are just there for show. Money is also hard to get because it is hard to get and easy to lose. It cant get stolen, eaten, and wasted. You also have to pay for many things too to keep you from puking and to sleep.CONS:-There are bugs in it. At one time I touched one of the back doors to enter the dungeon suddenly went to first person mode as you would when in the dungeon. It was a fun little glitch running around town infirst person, not too bad. It went away after a few minutes.-Another bug is the saving and the game progress. I still see an issue with it. I had one of the pieces you needed to get the curse off you in my chest and I saved the game. The next (in-game) day i go to the dungeon, get caught by the big loud freakishly weird ghost logo and my game crashes. I reload the game and see that was loaded in a day before my save point. The Piece wasn't in my chest either. I go try to get the piece back but I was un able to because the game was thinking I already collected it.The Cons dont bother me too much. It's a fun game. I got it on a $7-$8 sale and it was totally worth it."
,Recommended,436500,28456936,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bosby,"Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor sets out to achieve something and in my opinion succeeds quite well. It captures a feeling of lonliness and desperation and an otherwise lively and colorful world. Every day is a struggle while you scrape enough credits together to buy food that will more than likely make you very sick. You walk among adventurers and find all kinds of discarded spells and weapons but you can't do anything with them but burn or sell them. I found the sountrack perfect and the art style to be fantastic. The game is certainly not for everyone but if you're looking for something a little strange with a lot of meta commentary about progession in gmaes, this is for you."
76561198273155251,Recommended,436500,25579468,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,zeebee5678,"I absolutely LOVE this game.  I played through the first couple days and haven't had so much relaxed fun with a game.  I'm not a big gamer and am always a little anxious when I play something new, but this game emphasizes trying your best, not winning, and I think that's great.  My boyfriend watched me play through it, someone who is a seasoned gamre and thought it was so cool.  From the art to collecting trash on the street to the little quests, it's the cutest, most open minded game I've ever played.  The creators should be very VERY proud of themselves for creating such a cool game"
76561198050220820,Recommended,436500,32739318,Posted: 24 June,all,hateyougood,"Dark souls 3 runs finethe long dark runs finerise of the tomb raider runs finebut my computer overheats when i play THIS game????whaaaaaaaaaaaaat the eff, man"
76561197996123374,Not Recommended,436500,30418647,Posted: 9 March,all,sms7one3,"In my opinion, this game owes its positive ratings to a cult following, not to anything in the game itself.The aesthetics alone convinced me to buy this game (and, hey, I don't regret supporting these talented indie developers), but I think any honest review of this game would conclude that the gameplay is actually pretty awful.---THE BAD PART---99% of this game is item collection.  You're a janitor who collects random junk, and most of your time is spent trying to find rare items on behalf of the alien characters who you meet.  Some of the items can be found littered on the ground, but many are obtained by purchasing them from traders.  In the best case scenario, you may acquire an item from a ""dungeon"" (more on that later).  However, if you need money to purchase an item, then you may spend a considerable amount of time collecting garbage littered on the ground and selling it for cash.  Once you finally accumulate enough money to purchase the items you want, you can give these items to certain characters in order to progress in the game... only to meet *new* traders and junk collectors.As it turns out, nearly everyone with whom you're able to speak is either a trader or someone looking for random junk.  There are other cute, simple characters, like a fortune teller who you can pay to read your fortune.  However, dialogue with such characters is usually no more satisfying than dialogue with any of the traders or junk collectors.---THE GOOD PART---I'll admit that this game does have a few tricks up its sleeve.  For instance, if you devote some time to exploring the world, then I *don't* think you'll find the world to be particularly thrilling or immersive, but you *will* discover something pretty astonishing... but I won't spoil the surprise ;)One neat aspect of this game - which will initially impress you - is the first-person mode that automatically activates whenever you ingest mind-altering substances.  This first-person mode is actually required in order to enter dungeons.  While this is a cool gimmick, I still feel like it's the same game... just from a first-person point of view.As far as I can tell, the dungeons are the primary source of variety outside the whole collecting/buying/selling paradigm.  Unfortunately, the dungeons that I've seen so far don't make-up for an otherwise lacking game.  I like being chased by ghosts through winding labyrinths, but honestly, it's only amusing for the first minute or so.---THE VERDICT---This game relies heavily on a gameplay mechanic of collecting/buying/selling.  And while the aesthetics may initially impress you, I don't think this game really has much to offer.I was hoping for a more exploration-ripe game... or maybe more dialogue that doesn't revolve around trading items.If you're unsure whether to buy this game, then just cough-up the $10 and give it a chance.  At the very least, you'll be supporting talented indie developers who are probably homeless and starving, considering the imbalance between the time spent making this game and the price they're charging.  Like I said, I'm really not a fan of this game, but I certainly don't regret buying it :)"
76561198054193959,Recommended,436500,25739923,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,KonoFizzy,"Without having a lot to do, this is an immersive world that's fun to live in and fun to explorePerhaps intentionally, the poverty you're relegated to as the ""lonely sanidrone"" does little to diminish the beauty and wonder of the spaceport--streets and alleyways twist around and into themselves, connecting the city in a confusing array of impossible shortcuts and neverending streets, courtesy of some clever non-euclidean level design. The world also has a nice, deep sense of culture--from the stories overheard from spaceport visitors, to the city's calender of worship and odd superstitions, the world feels rich and mysterious. All in all, it's a fascinating experience just to explore the spaceport and see it's sights.That being said, if you are looking for a more ""chewy"" game, this probably isn't for you.While beautiful to look at, relatively fun to play for a few hours, and interesting to experience, the game doesn't offer anything to fight, craft, or complete other than the ""main quest"" which still fails to offer anything besides a handful of uninteresting fetch quests that seem, if anything, to serve only to encourage exploration of the spaceport.Throughout the city, random NPC's will tell you of the extensive sewer dungeons that run across the planet. You will see and talk to adventurers, wizards, and necresses. An NPC exists whose sole purpose is to sell items to allow dungeon access. On top of this, there are tons of weapons, armor, and spells peddled by street vendors thatmightsuggest more complex mecanics later on, but no;the game, in it's full entirety, is simply burning trash and trying to make enough MC to buy food and drugs the next day, and repeat.I still recommend it, because despite the lack of content, it's plenty fun for what it is, and it's gorgeous. It really feels like something could grow from this, I certainly will be waiting to see."
76561198046556564,Recommended,436500,25782917,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Toast for Dinner,"Now that the quest and game-breaking bugs have been stamped out, I wholeheartedly recommend Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor with one caveat: the niche this game fits into is extraordinarily narrow. I like to call this kind of game an ""everyday life simulator"" and the characteristics of such a simulator don't seem very enticing on paper: routine, repetition, mundane tasks. But like Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon, there is something hypnotic and comforting about occupying the little slice of the universe this game puts you in.You play as an Alaensee girlbeast (though your gender can and probably will change regularly) known simply as The Janitor. As your title implies, your job is to patrol the spaceport in which you live, picking up and incinerating the trash that is tossed heedlessly away by the countless adventurers and scavengers who pass through the port. This is essentially the spirit of the game: the spaceport and the universe it's located in is vibrant, chaotic, full of things to stare and marvel at. It's a universe full of wonder and adventure. But not for your character, who's stranded on the spaceport thanks to a dead-end job that barely pays enough to keep you fed.Even when the story kicks off with something that should, according to the typical conventions of fiction, spark a series of memorable events in your character's life, nothing really changes. After the brief introduction, The Janitor wanders into a dungeon hoping to find treasure and instead is cursed by a floating skull that follows her around. The rest of the game is spent trying to lift the curse, but this doesn't mean your job gets put on hold. It's just a new ball to juggle in your day-to-day life.Some might find this game depressing. Your character sifts through garbage, burning the trash and selling scavenged loot for extra money, while worshipping the Nine Goddesses with prayers and offerings to stave off the luck-draining effects of the cursed skull. The ""guards"" of the spaceport are armed thugs who will harass you and literally eat your hard-earned money if you're not careful. The game will tell you ""You're starving"" and while you browse the many food stalls for something to eat, you'll come across exotic dishes that you will never be able to afford before settling for a bunch of insects fished out of the river. And then you'll go to bed, wake up, and do it all again.On the other hand, doing these things over and over again with no risk of actually ""losing"" the game somehow becomes relaxing. Sure, your job sucks. Sure, you're only making enough to get by, and anything you do save up is always at risk of being taken from you. Sure you're literally cursed by a floating skull that drains your luck and makes your life even worse. But the days blend together and as you settle into your daily routine, you'll find that there's a charm to the strange little life you live in this wondrous little universe."
76561198104802972,Recommended,436500,25583112,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ToxicC00kie1001,Very nice game so far it has a neat story I was kinda peeved when I started (I'm not gonna say spoilers) but! It's not all bad I would definatly recommend it for anyone to play!
,Recommended,436500,26059927,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Juke Buke,"Best atmosphere of any game I have ever played, feels exactky how a sci-fi spaceport should."
76561198150050163,Recommended,436500,25548287,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,toemoss,"This game is simple, unique, and charming. It's super confusing but I feel like that gives it it's charm. To me, the map as of right now makes no sense and I keep getting lost. It's like living in a big city, which I mean you are. Not much is explained about what trash is good to eat, keep and incinerate, which is fun to figure out. Not much is explained about the game in general actually but it's better that way. I love the design of this game, all the colors are so bright and wonderful. It's kind of overstimulating sometimes. I've shown it to a few friends and they've been intrigued."
76382133645743573,Recommended,436500,25564894,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mom,"I love this gameIm glad it existsIts great to relax and just do whatever in a story enviroment and not rely on some time gated event to progressIts great to not have active combat, it takes the stress of constant action away when you want a game that isnt do or die 24/7"
76561197996195178,Recommended,436500,25579201,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,The Jasper Mage,"This game is an amzing exspierence. You are a janitor and your job is cleaning up the streets. So what if you're cursed? You need food to live, and you need to save. And if you work hard you;ll have more than enough credits to not have to worry about scouting for a cheap food machine. And some days you'll have no money and desperetly trading stuff in hopes to have enoguh credits to buy enough food. The music is delight. and the feel of the city is captivating. You just get lost, and it's so busy. It's an amazing world, and I would love if they did anouther one."
,Recommended,436500,25607767,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ryan from MI,"Fascinating visual style and sound design are the highlights of this future clean-up crew sim.  A light-handed comment on poverty, gender and superstition.  This seems like the tip of the larger iceberg.  Will watch for future games with great interest."
,Recommended,436500,34196782,Posted: 12 August,all,vdrazdik,"I bought this game, tried it out for ten minutes, and quit out of frustration with the navigation. Tried it again a few weeks later just for kicks and absolutely fell in love. The glitchy translucent aesthetic of the spaceport, the vast array of mostly useless alien-themed items, and its unique take on goddess worship and gender all make Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor one of my favorite PC games. A warning though: if you really enjoy grinding or quickruns, you probably won't like this game very much. The mechanics of the game make earning enough money to progress to the overarching quest goals a very slow process - you get in-game money by burning items of garbage or selling items you pick up, but you are limited by your energy, you need to spend money on food, and items sell for very little profit - but I think this mechanism kind of allows the game to shine. It completely immerses you in the routine of just wandering around the spaceport, slowly becoming familiar with its alleys and landmarks, noting the daily price fluctuations in the alien bazaar. I still haven't gotten to the end of Diaries, but I think I almost don't want to...I don't play it regularly anymore, but every now and again I play through an in-game day or two. Love this game so much, wish more people knew about it. Oh, and the soundtrack is really cute!"
,Not Recommended,436500,25647479,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bees?,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. The concept is interesting, the art style is unique, and the surrealist humor seemed up my alley. Unfortunately, all that is marred by technical problems and a poor UI.The biggest issue is that save games appear to be completely bugged out, so if you quit and restart the game, everything you've done and all of your inventory is wiped. (update: apparently the save file bug has been fixed since this review was posted) In addition, this game seems really unoptimized despite the simple graphics. I'm able to run other more graphically intensive games like Fallout 4 on max settings at 60fps, and this game still frequently dipped into 30fps for no apparent reason, so I can only imagine how poorly it would run on lower-end PCs.The user experience is also pretty bad. You're dumped into a world with little to no explanation of core mechanics, which, when combined with the fact that most of the game world looks identical and has no map of any kind, makes it incredibly difficult to find specific NPCs for quests. Also, at one point, the janitor started vomiting profusely, which is apparently solvable with medicine, except there's no direction on where to actually find it, and is only made worse by the slow movement and graphical effects that sickness causes.Overall, meh. Seems like it's trying to go for a Jazzpunk vibe, so it's worth checking out, but don't be surprised if you end up requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,436500,32826321,Posted: 26 June,all,ACFan120,"TL;DR - DON'T PLAY THE GAME IF YOU'RE PHOTOSENSATIVEI so badly wanted to enjoy this game. I played for about 2 hours, (~9 ingame days) before having to stop. It wasn't that the game was bad in terms of gameplay, (I actually really liked just wandering around the world and seeing everything), but that it's currently a buggy and literally painful mess.Currently, there's bugs that caused me to have physical headaches due to some visuals in the game. In the game, there's a very clever use of Z-Fighting to simulate flickering screens, which are plentiful around the world. However, the primary colours of these screens are Cyan and Red, which are inverse colours of eachother. There IS an option to turn the screens off so that they're just Cyan, BUT there's three bugs in place that ruin this option:1 - There are these stations around the world that you need to frequently visit to stop your screen from distorting and to help text be legible, (the effect itself isn't that bad, and the items you need to buy from the stations are fairly cheap). These stations use the Cyan-Red flashing screens, and WILL NOT change no matter the setting you have set.2 - Your own home, the place you start and end every day in, has the flashing screens, and won't change no matter what setting you have your visuals set to.3 - EVERYTIME you leave your home, your visuals get reset to default, which means everything's turned off, which means all those flashing screens are flashing again, even if you've kept the game on.Outside of the photosensative bugs, your sound settings get reset every time you start up the game, so the music and sound effects blast in your ear every time you start up the game.There's also no clock or map in the game itself, (there's a manual that's included in the download that has a map included), but personally I didn't find it that bad, since there are arrows on the ground to help show where districts are. However, I know that could be a problem for some.The one thing I do like are the visuals, and just the look to the whole port. It kinda weirdly feels familiar yet very alien, and it's why I had bought the game in the first place. And honestly, if it wasn't for the headache-enducing bugs that the devs don't seem to want to address, I would honestly recommend it on the looks alone, (though only when it's on sale, since I don't think it's worth the $10 price tag it usually has).I'd really want to recommend this game, but until the bugs with the screens get fixed/changed, I can't honestly recommend this to anyone, simply for their health and saftey."
,Recommended,436500,25578974,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PnS.The Penis is Evil!,collect trashprayget lucky
,Not Recommended,436500,34248086,Posted: 14 August,all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,As a statement about Class structure and wage slavery: GoodAs a game: Not so much
76561198081758937,Not Recommended,436500,28007619,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ennykins,"The trailer makes the game seem much more alive than it actually is. If you enjoy sparse game play and playing guessing games with what is going to sell and what is garbage, then go nuts. But it's not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,436500,25659481,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,miintz,"Where to start...When i first loaded up this game i was instantly assaulted by wild colors, flashing lights, weird aliens and strange music. The game world is a very vibrant place and really seems like the chaotic and lawless spaceport it sets out to portray. The aliens are equal parts weird and funny. From meowing cat-men to oozing slimes to bleeping old school robots, it is a feast for the eyes and ears. The different days introduce different states and change the way the spaceport feels. There is a dedicated festival day, when the bands come to town and play all sorts of weird and catchy music to days where rain is hammering down and not much is going on. The different merchants sell and buy a wide variety of goods (most of them unreachable) and food stalls try to fleece you with bad food that makes you throw up all over the place. This game is a delightful excursion into a wild and vibrant world.That being said, the gameplay is a bit simple. I get the developers tried to capture the monotony of being a hated spaceport janitor and they did that very well. You get ripped off buying food, your money gets stolen by corrupt guards, bad stuff happens to you all the time. The quest you get at the start of the game seems pretty interesting at start and while it retained it's urgence for a long time for me, it dissapeared when i had to set out on yet another quest. One of the problems in here is the fact you can only complete some parts of these quest by chance. Sticking numerous candles at appropriate shrines (hello Lauster) does seem to do a job, but nothing much is explained in this regard. I understand this is part of the reality of the spaceport janitor, so i can't blame the devs for this.All in all, this game is a definite must buy if you like your games weird and interesting, if you don't mind much about long term gameplay or if you are looking for a great concept of a game with a vibrant and fun world to explore. If you are looking for a RPG style game where gameplay takes a center stage, don't buy this. I like this game because of its incredibly quirky atmosphere, its fantasticly weird and detailed world. Not because of its gameplay.I really like these sort of games, where the devs have tried something new and came up with a interesting and weird game. That's why i think 10ish euro is a right steal. Regardless of the somewhat lacking gameplay."
76561198064960974,Recommended,436500,25915604,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,tgrsam21,"I can't even explain this game. It is frustrating, relaxing, confusing, fun, pretty, nauseating.... Etc etc. I am being contradictory but honest. The music is enjoyable and uplifting. I like listening to the bands playing on random corners. The inhabitants are all unique. The graphics can be a little nauseating and I keep getting lost over and over. The first time I played I thought, ""Eh, this is okay. Probably won't play it again."" However, I randomly find myself getting on the game and saying ""I'll play just one more day."""
,Recommended,436500,29165617,Posted: 10 January,all,ca_jas,"This game is the whole reason I signed up to Steam a year ago; looking for these kind of bizarre games.It's not a game for everybody but it's got a lot of charm if you're willing to let go and get lost in it. The main mechanic is picking up trash and I think it's kind of crazy how easy it is to get sucked into doing just that. There's actually nothing forcing you to do it but instinctually we feel obligated to do this strange job. However, slowly you start to find your own game within the game. Mine was to discover all the scenic spots to glance out and see the inaccessible part of the city. Following the achievements also leads you to other strnage ways of playing.Lastly the soundtracks is totally awesome!!! I absolutely love the day of the week with the band playing on stage."
76561197988545123,Recommended,436500,32830247,Posted: 26 June,all,wonderingmonster,"I really loved playing this and taking it its world. I was lost and confused a lot, but after a while I slowly got my bearings, like I would in real life. At first I dutifully did my job and prayed a lot, having a kind of contentment about my lot in life. But the continued harassment and theft by the guards together with being unable to afford healthy food made me frustrated and angry and I stopped doing those things and only focussed on getting out. The gender changing was a interesting way to show how being uncomfortable in your own skin feels like."
,Recommended,436500,29554327,Posted: 28 January,all,Linny,I really enjoy playing this game. The nagivagtion is a bit wonky but that's okay because it fits into the game. The only down side is not being able to save until the next morning and starvation. Starvation is bad.
,Recommended,436500,25563169,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Crazy Elf,"I just spent two hours getting horribly lost, eating garbage off the ground, and then felt wonderful because I changed my gender to ""DIRT"". If this sounds like the sort of thing you'd enjoy, you should play it."
,Recommended,436500,27786488,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iharthi,"Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor features an unique, consistent and highly detailed world. The simplified visuals combined with a completely delightful soundtrack fire the imagination, resulting in a complete emotional immersion.The main story seems pretty simple, but the game is not that focused on the main story. The spaceport around you lives, and it's up to you to discover the rules this life follows. The place changes over the course of the day, and as days of the week pass (they have a nine day long week here, you'll learn why). Navigating the sreets and alleys can be quite confusing, and there is no map for you to help - but the more you learn your ways around, the more it feels like home.The details about the place you have to wander aren't probably essential to progress. You can go around regardless of knowing that walking over spirals is bad luck - but learning all the things about the culture and life of spaceport inhabitants is the most charming aspect of the game. There are no explicit explanations or a lore database - only a large, self-consistent world and your own observations.For me, playing this game was not only enjoyable - it was inspiring."
,Recommended,436500,31683699,Posted: 11 May,all,the monotonist,"Only buy this if wandering around large imaginative worlds is enough to keep you entertained. The gameplay will get old and frustrating quickly.+ Very charming atmosphere...visuals, audio, art direction...perfect+ Your first hour of play will be significantly more fun than anything that follows+ Massive, detailed city that feels and sounds alive- The excitement of experiencing this game's world will fade away fast once you recognize the patterns- Inventory is far too small for a game that has thousands of items available at all times- Food mechanic is frustrating and makes the game way more difficult that it needs to be- I continuously fell into a trap where I needed to eat in order to sleep, but had no money for food, but I need to sleep to get money, so I had to painstakingly wander around for hours trying to sell things, but all the vendors randomize each day so it was impossible to find any reliable source of money. This is what drove me to finally give up and never pickup the game again.- THE SKULL NEEDS TO STOP JUMP SCARING YOU EVERY 15 SECONDS. Seriously."
,Recommended,436500,30316933,Posted: 4 March,all,KennethImagine,"You are a janitor in spaceport. Yes, you are.You're cursed, poor and craving for gendershifting.ReviewWorld Design and ArtstyleYou see pictures/screenshots of game on store page. You may think it is a 2D pixel graphic game. But... It is not. They mixed 3D with pixel art (voxel and lo-poly as well). Since the pixel art is popular artstyle nowadays, some indie game like Broforce and Undertale got pretty good reviews from most of the players. When talking about uniqueness, this one is amazing. I played this game then I was like... Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ how could that possible?! The world design of game is charming. I was enjoying the exploration of the spaceport.Rating: 5/5GameplayAnti-adventure? Woah, New genre?  Maybe it confuses some people especially adventure gamers. But this game, it is like casual and adventure had sex then born this child. I found it has adventure elements but no combat system.  Why there are no combat system (even the game has guns/weapons)? I think they removed it for purpose. In this game, you are a janitor. So, you expected this game has Doom (2016) badass action scenes? No, c'mon. You're just a janitor. Cleaning is your job. And you are poor af in the game.The gameplay is just typical routine of janitor. Wake up, check paycheck and working. And you can't lose and win in this game. There always a way to go back to the route. This game wants  you relax and enjoy the game. If you are casual gamers, this probably the game you needed. If you're not, don't buy it, you may think this game boring af.Rating: 4/5 (for me)In Game SoundtracksOh my God. This game has good music. Amazing and even better on THEDAY (day name in game)Rating: 5/5Bugs and GlitchesThis is the worst part. This game is reported by the players due its poor hardware optimization. Even some people who have high end GPU and CPU may meet the performance issue (like fps drop). The game has wonky camera control as well. Sometime the camera may zoom in zoom out, and make you frustrated to play.ConclusionThis game is good at its part. It tried to show the true meanings of ""Anti-adventure"". This game has poor hardware optimization which is bad. And the last part,there are hidden messages in game. The creators tried to deliver us their opinions about global social. Also, are the devs still care about this game? There are one dev currently (who also has part time job)7/10 good, interesting with amazing soundtracks but performance issue and gameplay may let you down. (there are a lot spaces can be improved like adding multiplayer)"
,Recommended,436500,25813298,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Froyo Toppins Of The Sherbet,"Gameplay:The gameplay of this game is functional, simple, and just strategic enough to make you feel smart when you made a good move and got enough cash for a good meal. You wander and learn the streets (I drew a map on a piece of scrap paper which ended up making it more authentic feeling), learn where the regular merchants were, watch yourself and be careful to avoid the harassing police, figure out what was worth holding onto and what was trash worth burning. Nothing overly complex, nothing terribly exciting, but it partners extremely well with the second factor in this review, like cheese on crackers.Atmosphere:I don't ever, EVER like a game mainly for the atmosphere and visuals and cinematography. This does not happen.I liked this game mainly because of the atmosphere and visuals and cinematography. I don't know what kind of magic they spun here, if they really did a supreme job or I just have a deep, buried desire to be a desitute street urchin janitor, but this game drew me in like nothing else ever has. The city is large enough to lose yourself in, even after hours of gameplay, but also has guides to help you find your way home and to different general districts. It's got this atmosphere of strangeness that hits the sci-fi theme very well without getting avant-garde or feeling too close to modern human society. There's little secrets and alleys and nooks and paths you might not find for hours, or forget exist and rediscover. The atmosphere they were going for was ""low-class, almost childlike soul just trying to get by in a bizzare and uncomfortable setting"" and they captured it perfectly. The music is wonderful. There's festival days once a week with live bands where you can stay out as late as you like and guards won't bothere you and it just feels so wholesome and realistic and like something out of a really good sci-fi short story or short novel. There's tons of interesting and intriguing items about that you can find or buy, but they're either insanely expensive or broken, and you can't use them even if you did get them. Which makes sense. You're a poor, dumb janitor. You're a small fish in a pond so big you can't see the ends. I could go on and on and on but I don't want to spoil things.Long story short, I haven't played this game in a while but I still occasionally think about the city and listen to the festival music and I almost feel like I visited there a long time ago. And I don't say corny stuff like that for just about any other game."
76561198062712916,Recommended,436500,29556307,Posted: 28 January,all,revengeracer (DigiPerson),"I wanted to enjoy this game more than I did, it really does advertise itself as more of an anti-adventure about carrying out tedious tasks. For the exploration, it was good for me, for the tedious stuff it might be good for others, but overall I think the design was kind of flawed.I guess that wandering around the game world (which looks fantastic and is very easy to get lost in because of its size) just made me want to go on more of an adventure than the game offered.For $10 I played for about 4 hours before I reached the last (and probably longest) section of the game. I did look up how it ends and realized I didn't feel like going through that portion to reach the ending. I'd say it was worth my money up to that point because of how much I enjoyed exploring the world, but I was definitely finished with the game at this point."
76561198009670114,Not Recommended,436500,25709585,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lunari,"There's a lot of charm and interesting pieces here, but it becomes boring quite quickly. The world is a long, shallow grind to play. The diary seems to have no important role other than to slow down your play.Basically, you pick up trash around a confusing city of traders. Some of the trash items are worth quite a bit, but your inventory is tiny. You can spend your day finding the good items to sell, but then have no room to carry them. Or you have a clear inventory, and can't find anything good. More often then not, when you do make some money, a guard will take half your credits. Then another guard will take the other half 5 seconds later.The game also burdens you with 2 categories of things you need to buy to sustain your robot. One is food, which makes little sense as you are a robot. The other is gender, which is never explained even remotely.Overal, this game is an unrewarding chore to play with little sense of progression. Clean your house instead. It's more rewarding. I opted for a refund, and got it."
,Recommended,436500,25668064,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fox,"Very interesting game that's tough to recommend however I love it.It plays a lot like Harvest Moon, where you have a daily task of collecting rubbish and talking to people. It can be very confusing to work out what you need to do, and the game seems to have a few mechanics which they don't explain fully.This game is more of an experience, but if you love interesting games that try something different, have a look.Check out part 1 of my playthroughhttps://youtu.be/cPX-epebn8Y"
76561197994570159,Recommended,436500,25733433,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,En1gma,"Okay, this game requires a VERY GOOD SHORT TERM MEMORY TO PLAY! That, or be prepared to write things down, memorize what the items look like and be ready to learn how to market. STAY AWAY FROM THE MEN IN BLACK AND RED SCARFS! They will take a portion of your M.C. (money) and screw you over. I could not finish my lets play on this game because the pacing is EXTREMELY SLOW, from what I played so far. I've put several hours into the game after I did my lets play. Very unique game otherwise, original, and fun! The experience is rare and something you need to show your friends, it's a good party game to let everyone laugh at!Lets Play:https://youtu.be/zNxirjj51nQ"
,Recommended,436500,27862892,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vivianne,"You really are just a spaceport janitor, but that's why the game's so charming."
,Recommended,436500,31277062,Posted: 21 April,all,magicbirthday,"This game HAS SOULAlthough admittedly, there is a poignant anti-climax centered around objects which always reference to elsewhere, that is also the price of its poetry. There is a heart to this game, a presence of character, which is scarcely found in other games or other mediums. I am reminded of Animal Crossing ( which if you also remember the Tyranny of Nook, and how that reflects our socioeconomic norms, is relevant even to this extent ) with a bit more grit. It is open about this fact, as it is centered around TRASH, which, admittedly, if Animal Crossing was honest, most of the items are decorative trash there as well. We are brought to a meditation on our relation to objects and, where that relation places us. While many fascinating aliens (I'm STILL finding more) whizz past, leaving behind in you, only a vague curiosity about who are they are or how where they're from must be like. Picking up trash as the central gameplay mechanic may feel monotonous to some, but it was compelling to me because it felt divinatory. I wanted to check each piece of trash because I had been sufficiently convinced of the desperation to perhaps find treasure, get ahead a little bit,  and turned to its lottery. That and the objects offer the clues about the world that my character does not have time, or language presumably, to ask.  I cannot recommend this game enough; for people who are looking for something between harsh reality and feel good escape. It hits very close to home thematically and has its setting far away. This has serious emotional range! This is the type of game we need for times like these. A vibrant dirge. I only wish it lasted longer."
,Recommended,436500,28742623,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,John Videogames,I have no idea what im doing but it's fun
76561198011806848,Recommended,436500,25563392,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Aadeptus,"A rich atmosphere, no pressure, amazing game if you are a stoner.."
76561197991290007,Recommended,436500,30606977,Posted: 18 March,all,BEBUN,"This game is a wonderful experience!This game has one of the best game worlds I have ever experienced. It is a pleasure just to walk about and see and listen to the city and the people in it. The atmosphere is a great combination of happy and melancholy. It is not about saving the world or fighting evil: it's just about a lowly janitor trying to survive every day life.Unfortunately this game had a very rough release with game breaking bugs and so many people avoided it at the time, but a recent patch has finally fixed most of the remaining issues. There is one remaining, though: camera inversion settings do not save on exit, so those who use inverted camera settings have to be prepared to change the settings every time the game is run.Gameplay revolves around disposing of trash, trading found or bought items, making offerings to the various gods for luck, performing simple quests, and speaking with the various city residents. That may sound dull but it really is both relaxing and interesting to experience the every day life of a completely alien world.If you are looking for a slower paced, atmospheric game, you can't go wrong with this one."
76561197970957522,Recommended,436500,25674533,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Demeggy,"This game is genuinely a major joy to play. It's the most alien title I've ever picked up, with no explanation as to what the hell a 'Gendershift' is (not what you'd expect either), yet it happily thrusts you into the need for one. With alien languages, truly bizarre food and drink, and an incredibly hustling, bustling extraterrestrial city that makes you feel like you're in another civilization, it simply wins at originality.It's confusing, beautiful and wonderfully scored. Damn, catchy, spacetunes."
,Not Recommended,436500,25699207,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kek Mc'Shadilay,"This game was really fun for about the first 3 hours, but I can't recomend this game in its current state. The visual style is fantastic, but it would have to be in order to hide the visual glitches that you see throughout the game.Tecnhical issues are everywhere.Let's start with the biggest issue I've hit so far. When I saved and quit my game ALL OF MY♥♥♥♥♥♥DISSAPEARED FROM MY CHEST. This included NECESSARY ITEMS for the progression of the game. If I can't trust my box not to delete things like that this game to me is unplayable.On top of that there is a weird glitch which cuts the screen in half and rotates it all over the place which I think is a visual glitch. The worst part of this one is that the game has great effects that it plays when you're sick or high on space drugs so sometimes I can't tell the glitches apart from the effects that are put there intentionally. This problem is made EVEN WORSE by the fact that it is easy to ignore the actual issues your character is having at the same time as you are ignoring the weird blur pop-in and things like that.However, when your character is sick and the real effects start to become prominent it really gives me the feeling of powering through discomfort. When your character gets tired it just becomes difficult to control the game and all you want to do is make it back to bed. About 3 hours in I still can't afford anything in the shops but I've found cool ways to make a bit more money.One of my favorite parts of the game is that the map is confusing and not just given to players. It's very easy to get lost when you don't know your way around and I had to ACTUALLY get out a piece of paper and a pencil in order to keep notes on where people are and what I've found around the spaceport.The notifications in the top left hand corner of the screen only show one thing that you need at a time. So if you haven't gotten any gender for a while (or maybe you just don't want to spend the money on this useless second food and accept the consequences) you won't know when you're also hungry unless you really look for the effects on the screen; and as much as I like the idea of those distortions slowly creeping into your vision, the visual glitches are so prevalent that it can be hard to tell what you're looking at.The Elephant in the Room:I'm willing to acknowledge that alien genders necessarily exist in a universe with aliens in it. I'm not even mad that you can change it by eating a gender chip or whatever the thing is... I just don't understand why you can get the things like candy out of a local vending machine when the withdrawl effects are blurred vision and vomiting. And ""Spiny gender"" sounds more like a race to me. The description is ""you get spikes all over you and..."" so is that going to help me sleep with aliens that procreate using spines? Does this stuff have anything at all to do with sex??? I just wish that the gender thing were more useful or interesting instead of just a flavor text resource that you have to keep getting.Also, I got the one that destroys my gender and I became like a Catgender or something. Why am I not GENDERLESS if I DESTROYED my gender? Confusing design decisions like this make this game almost impossible to fully grasp because you can't tell what is important and what is just nonsense for the sake of it.This game needs a lot of work. The first portion of the game needs to be expanded on. Quest markers don't show up correctly sometimes or they show up over people I've already spoken to. I want so badly to love this game because it's fun and interesting with some great ideas driving it. This to me is precisely the kind of thing that should have been released in early access."
,Recommended,436500,28927722,Posted: 1 January,all,zsd,Sadness tutorial.
76561198101648963,Recommended,436500,25702263,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,luch925,"If you want a basic, casual game with great music, this is the one to get. There's a warm atmosphere made by this game that's hard to put into words. I highly suggest it."
76561198003346952,Recommended,436500,25624113,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,robofrog,"Gorgeous and really neat, BUT!This game has mature content like a smut shop and the ability to turn into a ""cuddleslut"".I was really hoping this game would be appropriate to play with kids and it's kinda not."
76561198069682972,Recommended,436500,27260193,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Merlala,Ate trashBarfedSold barf10/10 would participate in capitalism again
76561198038788916,Recommended,436500,27089021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Girl Crawling Chaos,"This game has had a rocky history with me, but I really do appreciate it and happily anticipate replaying it once the sting of the save bugs and such fades."
,Recommended,436500,33727241,Posted: 22 July,all,Trash Panda,This game taught me to avoid black people because they eat money
,Recommended,436500,25637460,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The Happy Gamer,"To summarize the prologue: I picked up trash and burned it, ate an eyeball, tripped hard, and woke up with a screaming skull following me around.  Oh yeah...and later I changed genders.https://youtu.be/99CfmDkSs9kIn the little bit that I've played of Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor, I can already tell I'm in for a huge treat.  From the first 30 seconds of the game, you can already tell you've just planted yourself right in the middle of an incredibly original and tasteful universe full of people, creatures, and objects there's no way you'll ever understand.Let me just say up front that this game is extremely abnormal.  There's nothing about it that seems familiar.  In reality, nobody can start up this game expecting to know what in the world to do.  Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is an anti-adventure, meaning there's no way you can lose and there's no real plot or direction to the game at all.  That might be a turn-off for some, but to a person like me, who loves openendedness, variety, and overwhelming amounts of opportunity, it's a blast of an experience.There's so much mystery to this game that I can see it being a brand new experience every time the game is booted up.  This is definitely a gem for the right type of person.  If you want something straight-forward, hand-holding, nice to look at, and full of plot depth, look somewhere else.  But if you're looking for something unique, unfamiliar, and full of incredible gaming opportunities, look no further.Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a gem in hiding.  I can only hope this game gets more exposure.10/10"
,Recommended,436500,25595658,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Fishaman,Day 1: Incenerated rotten egg spillDay 2: Collected empty boxes for extra cashDay 3: Those red scarfed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s took my money!10/10 - Would work at dead end job for life
,Recommended,436500,25814961,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tipsheda,"Very cool experience that I'll remember for years to come.  I absolutely adored the visuals and music and thought they really created an interesting and unique atmosphere across the entire game.  The plethora of sound effects and things moving around the spaceport also really immerse you into the world.  Gameplay involves picking up trash around a spaceport.  However, the real fun of the game is exploring its nooks and crannies, discovering secrets, talking to lots of different NPC's, and figuring out how to get rid of the skull flying around your head.The launch of the game was a little rocky, but as of the time of this review, it's essentially been fixed and is only left with some minor bugs.  Overall I'd say, especially for the price, this game is worth a look."
,Recommended,436500,25612229,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,moji,i ate an eyeball and went down into the sewers and now i'm being followed around by a skull that periodically goes BWAH and between having to buy food and having to buy a new gender every few hours i don't really think being a spaceport janitor is an ideal career choicebut you get to meet people
,Not Recommended,436500,33173811,Posted: 3 July,all,provoko,"You can't win.  No matter how much luck in the game (over 1000), or how many times you worship a goddess, you can't find 1 item: Lauster fetish.  On the forums, players literally got lucky (random chance).I spent most of the game looking for Lauster fetish, couldn't find it, and the whole time you're getting robbed, starving, vomiting, getting tormented by a floating skull, having to change your gender daily (that's weird), and hearing the same annoying sounds over and over again.At first all the visuals & sounds are cool and original, but then it gets repetitive, very repetitive, and you're just trying to finish the game (or it's the 1st chapter maybe, I DONT KNOW!).I'm done with all the quests in the first 2 hours, then the next 7 hours was finding that 1 Lauster fetish which I still haven't found, so I'm leaving it as that, didn't beat it, game over.Watch a video of the game on youtube and skip this game."
76561198046408541,Not Recommended,436500,25611545,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,binary_helix,"Intersting concept and has potential, but level design fails to guide the player sufficiently; played for what felt like hours and made zero progress."
,Not Recommended,436500,25628141,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fish,"Poorly optimized, pretentious, and shallow. The kind of 2deep4u stuff that will draw in people who associate the word ""indie"" with quality. You will rapidly discover that 99% of items you find are never worth keeping, and 99% of items in stores are priced ludicrously high. Got my refund, I hope this review saves some of you the trouble of getting one after you waste your money and time.This all being said, I did enjoy the style and art. The aliens are interesting and varied, the sound design is great, and the world has personality. Unfortunately I would like some solid gameplay to go along with that."
76561198332773479,Not Recommended,436500,25663003,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Chun.Roxana27,"The games isn't keeping my saves keeps making me restart from the beginning, also the quest of collecting the tablets doesn't register when trying to get the tablet from the girl that collects the fetishes she doesn't appear on the ziggurat..."
76561198051563587,Not Recommended,436500,25721480,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MegulooMashruumz,"As other reviewers with critical thinking abilities have mentioned, this game is a total mess. The first few hours will captivate you with its style and wonderful character. Then you will realize that this game is poorly designed, wether or not its main objective is to convey any 'messages'. You will find little past the monotony of picking up trash because as some have stated, the economy in this game is a random crapshoot. You will get stuck earning little more than 100 MC at best of times. You play as an ogre-janitor-girl with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job, clearly addicted to pills, tumbling around the little alien city burning trash for some vendor food and her next fix of alien genitals to whack off with. This game was something new and refreshing for about 2 hours before the reality of what this game is sets in. Your task to wander about for random drops, in a seemingly large city, but in actuality very small, since it wraps around so soon. Anti-adventure : check. Fun? VERY brief.  Could have been something, could have been something great."
,Not Recommended,436500,25714257,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pepper Clark,This is a great game. The devs? Not so great. This game is a bug filled mess and even games that cost 10 cents are less buggy than this. The main quest is impossible as many have found out due to the person you must speak to missing. With the new bug fix they released the game is more broken than ever and i have lost faith that i will ever finish this game. DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,436500,28437494,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dragon Snout,Such a fun quirky game. Its relaxing to play and is easy to immerse in
76561198256126266,Not Recommended,436500,25696219,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,VegasRedStar,"As of 9/25/16 this game is broken and you can't play it to completion.There are several glitches and bugs preventing you from:Keeping items in your inventoryfinishing quests andsaving your game at all...If they fix the game, it's worth playing, but right now I'd say a better title isDiaries of Disappointment : /UPDATE: As of 9/28/16 the game was updated and fixed and I was finally able to finish the game.That being said I still hold to my original review.After all the toiling around in this game, the milling, the confused causaways, the annoying trumpet song from THEDAY that will haunt my dreams forever, the ending was just too paltry to feel any sort of satisfaction from the uphill battle that was playing this game. I would probably have loved the game if it ran smoothly and hadn't bugged out and failed so many times. I probably would have loved the game if the ending had been worth the struggle! I probably would have loved this game if I didn't feel passive aggressively monitored by the game staff for reflecting on my frustration with their buggy product. Still, I am serious when I say Diaries of Disappointment.Great game, but ensure your product runs properly before handing it to the masses, you know? What is this, SONIC BOOM?!??!? I'm looking at you  SEGA!!!! lol jk : P"
,Recommended,436500,25628857,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Tomato ass,This game was fun for like the first hour then it became slowly less and less fun as I went on. Kinda not worth 8+ dollars. If you want this just wait for a better sale. This game isn't going anywhere any time soon.
76561197972329928,Recommended,436500,26015795,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Markside,"Beautiful, near-aimless space-loafing."
,Recommended,436500,30391350,Posted: 8 March,all,lighterxx,I have never felt this useless.10/10 for realism!!
,Recommended,436500,27890843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bugssie01,"This game is strange, but at the same time its addictingly lovely"
76561198047633704,Recommended,436500,25608708,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kevin The Dork Slayer,I pick up garbage and a flowting skull follows me around all day.So far it's pretty good
,Recommended,436500,27882618,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spear_Mint,"I loved the aesthetic of this game a lot and that's what initially pulled me in. The story, music, and gameplay are all very intruiging and I would reccomend this to a friend."
76561198272350729,Recommended,436500,25595517,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,adrianepicl,this game is so laggy on my laptop add a mode where it turns down graphics quality from what i have seen it looks fun
,Recommended,436500,25762588,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,B Vitamin,"I recommend this game personally because I enjoyed it and I think it's worth giving it a try. Whether or not you'll actually enjoy it too depends.Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a cute and adorable little game with a nice aesthetic. The music and atmosphere is very good too, especially on the day of the week when there's a festival on. On that day it's nice just to walk around and take in the world that's been set up for this game. It's a shame more isn't done with the world though. But maybe that's the point, there's a lot going on in the world, but it doesn't affect you, you're just a janitor.In that way, the gameplay of this game is really quite minimal. All you really do is run around the spaceport day in and day out, picking up and incinerating trash for your measly pay at the end of the day, as well as finding rarer items and running around the port for someone who might like to buy it from you. You'll be turning tiny profits each day after you've fed yourself and maybe bought the drugs you're addicted to.Your goal in this game is to scrape together enough money to try and get off the planet and leave your life as a spaceport janitor behind. This game starts with you being hit by a curse that you get by going into a dungeon thinking you can turn your life around by getting a great treasure. The curse doesn't really seem to do anything though, besides lowering your (very easily raised) luck stat, and every now and then go BWEH at you.But the game needs a goal, so you spend your time in the game trying to get rid of the curse, which is done though a series of quests all of which just need you to get together the money to buy the items you need by burning trash and selling items.But, I kind of just like running around the spaceport picking up trash.If you don't enjoy that part of the game, there's not much else going for it. I liked it enough to keep going until the end, which took me just over 7 hours. You might got bored before that, but it's not an expensive game. I still think it's worth a try, despite it's bugs and flaws."
,Recommended,436500,31638667,Posted: 8 May,all,TheLameWitch (Halloween!),good game
76561198097167389,Recommended,436500,25596010,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,toumie2,"this is just.......so bazzar i cant explain it,but thats what makes the game good i guess?"
,Recommended,436500,25717986,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Garbage,A comfy game about cleaning the streets of a spaceport.
76561198054059646,Recommended,436500,25688502,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kirito lord of noobs,"This is the game I've wanted but didn't realise. So for the price it's a nice surprise. While their are a few things I'd like to see, the developers are updating and paying attention to the potential gem this game can be. Running around collecting trash in the rain fills me with glee. that I don't have to worry bout money and mind mapping the merchents trades and city.though it is a pity,I haven't yet been given a reason for the gender agenda, if you dont change you get violently ill. Buuut then again all the lore and shrines, the many different loot and trash (which I would still like more of) is just a relaxing enjoyable experience, sometimes the Hood Up Display can be in the way. the camera can be a lil clunky at times but others smooth enough to enjoy.I like the anti adventure game ideaThe art style is interesting and filled with fun characters and sights to seeThis game is a great metaphor about working slave wages in a corrupt system, just hoping and waiting to get your ticket out of the poverty that enslaves the majority.this game gets 6 out 8 High Pleasure Chips"
,Recommended,436500,25702630,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,intenselycreamy,"very fun but it feels very unfinished and confusing, i understand the sort of nihilist side of the game where everything is just a meaningless routine or whatever but it just feels like it should go somewhere, the devs need to add more story/quests and a lot more mechanics ."
,Recommended,436500,25716519,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Diaries Of a Spaceport Janitor is a fascinating little game that is well worth your time and the $8 entry fee.Games are a unqiue medium in that they can put you into the shoes of just about anyone and have you live out a day in their life. In this case, you are put into the shoes of the absolute lowest rung of a spaceport society: the Sanitation worker.Paid a measley wage thats barely enough to scrape by, the experience of living and tending for a city thats not actually meant for someone as poor as you, but would fall apart without people just like you, was unlike any experience I've ever had in gaming.Add in charming visuals and a very gallows sense of humor and you have a great little gamePros:> Great atmopshere, and I really mean it. The sights and sounds of the spaceport are lovingly rendered in faux-PS1/Early PS2 low res polygons. I feel like I'm playing the lost cousin of Katamari Damacy or something.> Gameplay is pretty fun and having to stick to local traditions (don't walk in spirals, dont drop luck wafers in the middle of the street, dont give red candles as an offering to Beb, etc) add quite a bit of variety to what would otherwise be a slog.> IT's not an infinite game, and the goal of getting off this cesspool of a spaceport keeps you motivated. You want to see your little janitor escape the system and be free.Cons:> Extremely shaky launch: the game was riddled with save erasing and game breaking bugs when it first launched. This left a bad taste in some peoples mouths.> Occasional bugs: Even after they ironed out the worst bugs, a few minor ones remain.> RNG heavy at tmes: There are three quests you need to do to get off planet. The one in which you must collect a statue of each goddess can get rather annoying since its not guarenteed that any of them will be for sale on that given day, let alone the ones you need. This can get annoying.Overall, however, I loved my time with DOSPJ, and definitley recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the charmingly weird games of the early 2000s like Katamari Damacy, LSD DREAM EMULATOR, and Pikmen."
76561198048082032,Recommended,436500,25771527,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mate77,"I really like the art, but a bit hard to know what exatly you have to do to progress"
76561198112041190,Recommended,436500,26446793,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chen,"Fantastic World, Fantastic Music, Fantastic Sound Design, Fantastic CharactersPick this game up as soon as possible its a wonderful experience10/10"
76561197970547391,Recommended,436500,25637263,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,curiousepic,"I want to heap praise on this game. Here's some particularly poignant stuff.Slight spoilers maybe.You can't do your job if you look up at the sky, and you can't see the sky if you do your job. And it feels physically difficult to switch between them.There are few times a game has made me viscerally immersed as when I was hungry, sick, gender itchy, and legitimately lost in the pouring rain. Telling my diary about this horrible day felt like my only driving force to go on and find my way home.The daily churn, Redscarf ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s eating half my creds, realizing I can't afford healthy food and meds, and the perceived hope of prayer is really humbling to someone of privilege (who I expect will be the average player of the game), far more so in this game than any other where the grind is a means to far more than Just Life.The relative joy of Theday music and streetlife. It being the second day after starting a game went a long way to making the game not seem too oppressive, I think.The promise of True Adventure just below the mundane is a hollow one. I'm sure it feels (or ends up) this way for a lot of people IRL.Gemstones, esoteric scrolls, pleasure chips, are all basically worthless. It seems more worth it to incinerate interesting and inspiring found objects than to keep them.♥♥♥♥ you too, floating skull."
,Recommended,436500,25630910,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Infinite luck,This is a casual game. Honestly I think this can be considered a kids game just because it is so simple and colorful
76561198035690236,Recommended,436500,33619891,Posted: 17 July,all,Neo Counter,Is gender an instrument?
,Recommended,436500,32715213,Posted: 24 June,all,blobde,Cleaned up puke for three days straight and became even poorer9/10 too realistic.
76561198057433278,Not Recommended,436500,34658235,Posted: 1 September,all,S00P,"This game is like Adventure Time in a Spaceport... in the sense that it's colorful and there are so many quirky aliens and items. ... My comparison ends there, honestly. There is next to no action and a lot of ""what am I supposed to do?"".Trying to keep this short: you have to perform daily tasks and if you don't do them, you suffer the consequences in the shape of screen distortion or not being able to perform other tasks, leaving you even more screwed. To me, it's a stressful grind fest.On top of that, the tasks are not clear (i.e. most are not puzzles you can figure out, but you just walk around till you stumble on the solution), the map is not clear at all, making it hard to find your way back to characters you got an item for and the day night cycle is too damn fast.It's SUCH a shame the game is unplayable, because it looks so awesome and sounds are incredible. I wish for a DLC or even a whole new game based on this concept where there's more to do with a clearer purpose.ADVENTURES of a Spaceport Janitor! Maybe even with a little *pew pew*. Just a little."
,Recommended,436500,34802793,Posted: 7 September,all,Guildenstern,Exceptionally quirky. Nothing quite like it!
,Not Recommended,436500,25573913,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,illicit,More frustrating and confusing than fun or relaxing
,Not Recommended,436500,25556370,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Akosi,"As much as I like this game, I believe it was poorly optimized. My dell laptop is only two to three years old, I meet all system requirements, and yet the Sims 3 loaded with over 5GBs of custom content still doesn't drop in framerate as much as this and if you know the Sims 3, that's saying something. Playing on days that it rains or when the streets are packed, I'm basically getting a slide show of pictures.I've tried to play through it depite things like the framerate, wonky camera and camera/mouse sensitivity, but its worn me out and I can't enjoy the game anymore. I hope this is fixed soon."
,Recommended,436500,25541044,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,$!L@$,"I have really enjoyed this game so far. I love the chaos of the space port, and the way that they game comes together to form a chaotic confusing environment. I would deffinately reccomend this game. I sat down to play it and ended up playing way more than I had intended in just one sitting because I was having so much fun! I also love the art!"
,Recommended,436500,25611166,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dahkoht Lewin,"Mind blown , so many places to go.I can even see other beings. That alone makes it better than No Man's Sky and worth youre money."
,Recommended,436500,25597071,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,An Actual Bear,Something about 2D sprites in a 3D world makes me rock hard.
,Recommended,436500,27947595,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AyezRed,"I love this game, its simple graphics style makes it even fun to look at too!"
,Recommended,436500,31367062,Posted: 25 April,all,Spacegirl Roxy,"Your gender is now HELLGENDER, you feel incredible!"
,Recommended,436500,25581573,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Krane_Maniac,A very fun indie andventure rpg with a retro feel to it. Definetly worth it for the price.
,Recommended,436500,33298948,Posted: 5 July,all,Bonkura,good music
76561198010892916,Recommended,436500,25661986,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Soldier,"A very cryptic strange game that doesn't give you much to work on but the noises of the bazzars and the sights to see in this game are fascinating. Fun little game I guess, if you don't like what i've said I'd still reccomend it, maybe just wait for a sale."
76561198278218630,Not Recommended,436500,29891844,Posted: 12 February,all,ChuckNormis218,"I saw a playthrough of the beginning and I thought it might be a fun game.Boy was I wrong. The art style is charming, and the premise has a lot of promise. But the game quickly falls flat when you realize there is almost nothing to do other than collecting and incinerating trash. After collecting enough money for some weapons, I went to the dungeon to confront any enemies. There is no combat system that I am aware of, though there seems like there could be.All in all, I'd give it a gentle 4/10. The art is very nice, the premise is very interesting, and getting to explore the culture of the various aliens in the game is kind of neat even though the lore isn't fleshed out.I wouldn't reccommend it, but I'm glad I was able to enjoy it for a brief moment."
76561198055507132,Not Recommended,436500,25673133,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,goloyism,This game delteted my save after the latest update. I am NOT starting all over. I wonder if its too late to refund it...
76561198006851498,Not Recommended,436500,25859503,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Bang Zi,"This is advertised as an anti-adventure game, but it's actually an anti-game game. You're just a lowly robot janitor picking up trash for pitiful amounts of credits that are whisked away quickly by either the red scarfed gestapos, the need for food, a fetch quest where you tickle someone's slime fancy, or your addiction to gender hormones.You are surrounded by evidence of heros, there's weapons, quest logs, magic spells, and you can't use any of it because you're just a lowly janitor who cleans up after the party is over. You pray to various gods to raise your lucky and hopefully find better than usual items. The game world is confusing, the items and vendors numerous and confusing, the hormone addiction is confusing, the quests are confusing. It's great in a way, but it's not focused, and that's be design.I enjoyed it for the first part, my overall experience was positive, but it felt really pointless and failed to draw me back in. I got too many games to play to play a game that isn't a game. It's an out of this world non-adventure that looks pretty trippy but personality and visual style only get you so far.Overall, this non-adventure feels like a chore after the novelty wears off."
76561198127721891,Recommended,436500,25594158,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Minikui,This game is trash
,Recommended,436500,25547308,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,caporaltito,"Amazing little game! Perfect for little kids and going through a nice story in colorful, rich setting."
,Recommended,436500,25628551,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheParvizalAI,This Game Is Really Cool And Definetly One Of My Favorite Indie Games Of The Year. I've Really Enjoyed Playing This But I Think I Ran Into A Bug When Trying To The The Third Tablet From That One Lady Who Wanted All 9 Fetish's. I Collected All Of Them And She Tells Me She Will Help Me Break The Curse And To Meet Her In The Red Sector And I Looked Everywhere For Her And When I Go Up The Stares To The Temple Looking Area An Arrow Appears But She Isin't There And If This Is A Bug I Hope You Can Fix This Soon Because I Really Love This Game.
76561198038933396,Not Recommended,436500,31907825,Posted: 22 May,all,MetallicPie,"This game is beautiful (I love the art style). Its soundtrack is amazing. However, it wasn't exactly for me. I really wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't get into it.Maybe you think you'll like it, if so, buy it on sale and give it a try. Not a bad game, just not for me."
,Recommended,436500,25534274,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Snack Castle,Couldn't afford food. Spent all of my money on smut and gender.
76561198143276621,Not Recommended,436500,25868808,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,lanefellow,"Unplayable, glitchy, not that fun and not worth the price.just, no."
,Recommended,436500,25598085,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lepidium,another wonderful pixel game.
76561198093252548,Not Recommended,436500,28477097,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,moomoovodoo,"If you aren't sure about this game in the first two hours of gameplay, I wouldn't bother to keep it because while there's interesting aspects of gameplay and I can enjoy collecting and casual gameplay, it's mostly the same stuff, with relatively short days. So make sure to stay within the return policy time limit so you can be sure about this game before you continue on because I think it's hits a really small niche gaming desire.Also if you have a terrible memory don't get it because there is no map to pull up (yet anyway) you just have to remember where you go, and there are no real guidelines besides talking with people.."
,Not Recommended,436500,34871341,Posted: 10 September,all,Vibri,"This game is boring and apparenty doesn't know that the best way to get a message across is to make a memorable experience.Also there is a vague trans message in there which I assume is well meaning but comes off as more anti-trans since it suggests that trans people are picky, will never be happy whatever they change and constantly want more at the expense of others and themselves.Nice job with your message."
,Recommended,436500,28384893,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fangs124,good weird game
,Recommended,436500,28396480,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,geekfreek619,"just, like...yes."
,Not Recommended,436500,26196732,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Bell end,"Invert camera is bugged and doesn't work.Devs seem to have stopped supporting the game, no patches in sight."
,Recommended,436500,25597194,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,the owner of the white sedan,"I ordered a refund. It's not that it's a bad game or anything, it's just that I, personaly didn't find it fun. It was moslty wandering around and looking at items with weird names whilst a skull repeatedly goes ""BWAH!"" in your face. I'd still reccomend it, though."
,Not Recommended,436500,25583743,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Geofferic,"After about 30 minutes, the visuals of the game become quite painful. The audio, in every aspect, is painful from the jump and I played the game muted after approximately 10 minutes.More painful than any of that is the complete lack of game.This is boredom concentrated.And no, the janitor part isn't boring. That's okay. It's the opaqueness of the game's desires that is boring. Even the manual is so non-obvious that they give you a hint about how where to find it in the game's folder. And then you see that THERE IS A MAP, but it's inside the bad manual that can't be accessed in the game.I can promise you that this map is the most important part of the game, and you need to alt-tab out of the game to open the manual to see the map.Wow.The lack of anti-aliasing actually began to give me a headache after an hour and I quit soon after.I don't think the game is intentionally hard on the senses, but that doesn't really matter when it in fact is hard on the senses.I don't suggest you play this at any price. Either the devs are somewhat incompetent (slow downs and lag of various types in random places) or cruel."
,Not Recommended,436500,29911313,Posted: 13 February,all,felixader,"Sweet world and design but confusing, apparently aimless, and most of all without features that should be apparent (like a map).It is also greatly leading you on as to what it is which really doesn't help.Most of all i understand what they were going for but it isn't varied enough to keep me going."
,Recommended,436500,33114064,Posted: 1 July,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,436500,25538609,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Savitar,"This game is amazing, buy it"
,Recommended,436500,30285118,Posted: 2 March,all,BBCNewsround,yo
,Not Recommended,436500,32047297,Posted: 29 May,all,Bit,Somehow this game sturggles to maintain even 30 fps. You would think a year was good enough to get it working. (1070) (i5-6600K)
,Recommended,436500,25539209,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SpookyBoys!,<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
,Not Recommended,436500,35065639,Posted: 19 September,all,Sonic the Hedge Fund,Starts off interesting but the creators couldn't help but shove their politics into it.
76561198039705597,Not Recommended,436500,25584660,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Runeword,The videos look nice. It's a colorful world. Congrats to the students who made their first game! I spent a couple hours wandering if only for the support of indie gaming developments.  If there was a demo I don't think anyone would commit their hard earned money for it though ><  in fact i will probably ask for a refund :(
,Not Recommended,436500,25955368,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lanky Lint,"""Your body feels weird, you need to gendershift. Find the nearest gendershift kiosk."" Wut.I thought this game would be similar to Papers Please. It's not."
76561198145446224,Not Recommended,436500,25542902,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lama's Cartoons,No graphics options.
76561198175173341,Recommended,436500,30624166,Posted: 19 March,all,chubbytubbers,"really intensely fun game. i was expecting to spend a few hours on it, i'm 20+ hours in and still haven't beaten the main mission. i like this game because it's a cute environment, the music is actually really nice, and the game is like a stripped down adventure game where the main mission is collecting things and trading. you have to keep an eye out for stuff that might be valueable, but first you have to get to know all the inventory items and what is worth anything and what's just incineration material. the trading seems difficult at first but you feel very accomplished when you start to get a flow going, you start to know where to sell items and where to get good prices.there's no map included, but for me that added to the challenge of the game, and i had fun trying to figure out how to map out the areas (finally got an accurate map made with a flow chart app, lol). once you map it out and spend enough hours in it though you finally begin to recognize some landmarks and are able to navigate more easily without consulting your hand made maps.the character design is adorable and the world design is just aces. if you like the merchant side of adventure games- if you spend your whole skyrim/fallout adventures trying to build up an economic empire, this game is for you. smaller scale obviously, but oozing with charm.the game has been announced as complete, and it feels like a complete and polished game. the only thing i'd want would be a VR port so I can walk around the spaceport IVRL! :)thanks for a lovely and charming game <3  highly recommended!"
76561197990092985,Recommended,436500,30673129,Posted: 22 March,all,jasbur,"Inetresting and fun, but not much in the way of objectives or goals to keep you going. Worth a couple of bucks to experince the world."
,Recommended,436500,25560138,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MadLili,"dear diary today I cleaned some trash to so I could by some smut for a creep down an alley way to get a stone slab needed to appease this screaming skull.that was just one of my many diary entries that I have written in this game, at the end of every day the game presents you with your diary and tells you to write in it. now i could just write a joke entry or a few random letters and be done with it but instead I feel compelled to write a proper entry.now the main challenge of this game is to get rid of the skull that started following you afte you ate a strange eye and wandered into the sewers, however you will soon notice a big issue standing in your path: credits. you will need heaps of these and a whole heap of luck.luckily the game is rather peaceful and the mundane task of collecting trash can be quite fun if not a little frustrating once the incinerator runs out of charge and you have to ignore all the trash.another mechanic of the game is gendershifting which you will do around once a day unless you like grainy screens and vomit. some the more delightful genders i have gotten are the likes of ""hellgender"" and ""cuddleslut"".overall i would reccomend this game and here is a tip slime guy likes slime smut, buy the fetishes of the gods and (untested but should work) buy two eyes of beb at the start and eat only one."
,Recommended,436500,25558967,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gecko))),"The game was appealing on a couple of levels.Street cleaning beastgirl/drone - harks back to Cordwainer Smith's underpeople storiesLevel graphics - cool, looks like megaman legendsThe camera sucks at all sensativities....."
,Recommended,436500,26291758,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nkn,"It's a game where you take on an unfamiliar role.A dead-end job, a spaceport janior.Swords, guns, and magics are useless for you since you aren't an adventurerand adventuring is like a dream that'll never come true since making ends meet is already hard enough.Stuck with a routine, repetitive job.But all those weapons, magics, and, adventurers give you hope.A seemingly impossible dream that one day you will be able to get out of this hell hole,quit the stupid janitor job and go on adventuring in the vast space of the universe.For me it resonate with the real life, the game connect with me deep inside.Everyone is struggling with something.Don't lose hope !"
76561198009737235,Recommended,436500,25645637,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Tenderloin,A WEIRD GAME. puts you in the shoes of a janitor that basically gets robbed and made fun of all day while the game teases you with the idea of untapped adventure waiting just around the corner. I've been playing for a few hours and I havent gotten to fight anything and i dont know that i ever will.
76561197962233942,Recommended,436500,25778500,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pikolin,"There's something about this game that draws beauty from the most simple, insignificant things. The city has a kind of personality that shines through the environment, people and music. Also, that one day of the week, which I'm going to refer to as Saturday, because I didn't learn the names of all the goddesses in the game, is pretty sweet. I've had the songs from the random street bands you see around town stuck in my head all day.The only downside is the game MAY seem a bit tedious to some, you have to collect/burn trash every day and need to pay close attention to detail in order to determine what items are worth keeping and selling. Some other players are reporting issues with bugs, but I never ran into anything major. Biggest issue I found was that sometimes the camera would lock up at the beginning of the day, but I was able to click out of it with my mouse (I normally used a controller to play). Got to the end of the game just fine.Anyway, if you got a fetish for pixels like I do, I highly recommend this game.P.S. The blue poop is safe to eat."
,Recommended,436500,30886653,Posted: 1 April,all,Gekigasky,Music and art are pretty neat. Really felt invested. Kind of lacked depth although that's probably me wanting it to be something it isnt. Ending was kind of bland. Would have liked more reward for the very grindy effort. Easily worth 10 bucks.
76561198040954632,Not Recommended,436500,25806706,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Generic Oonorio,"Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is a really friggin’ boring game.I was initially excited to play this game. I expected it to be an open world game where you clean up a town Viscera Cleanup style and get paid. And to be fair you still have an open world that you can clean, but it’s far from enjoyable.This game reminded me a lot of Starbound’s main game, where it’s just boring running around and fetch questing. Except there’s no gameplay in this game. The only form of gameplay I found was to click things on the ground and burn it. That’s it. There may be some other quests or something to do, but the game did nothing to make me want to play them. Food and “Gendershift” requires money and both function as was to refill separate “hunger” bars, but burning things gives you more than enough money to survive so there’s really no reason for me to do anything else. I didn’t care enough to try to get enough money to leave or anything because getting money and playing the game was SO ♥♥♥♥ING BORING.Honestly it bothers me more in this game because everything else is great. I love the way the spaceport looks and how vibrant it feels. I love the constant sounds of the city in the background and the chill music. I really wanted to be able to go around and converse with people and get some sort of friends or relations in this game because everything looks so interesting. But there’s literally nothing worthwhile to do with anything in the town.I guess go ahead and try the game. Play for an hour or so and decide whether or not you like it at that point, because at one hour in you will have had the full experience."
76561198073252697,Recommended,436500,27406238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BabyFace,Fills a void I didn`t know existed.
,Recommended,436500,26881018,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir BBP,"This game really deserves more attention. It's slow, and its self proclaimed title of ""anti-adventure"" holds true as you play it, but it does a lot of little things very well.Visuals, simple, but really appealing and new.Music, odd, but really completes the atmosphere.Story, not much, but well put together to represent the setting and life of your character.Overall,try it."
,Recommended,436500,27690424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,romdles,"This game is super charming. It had some surprises, though less than I hoped for, it was a really enjoyable play."
,Recommended,436500,26819758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SgtCrispy,"Wandering around strange alleyways, surrounded by crazy aliens, picking up refuse and debris, works for me!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,436500,26633846,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,WhereIsMySock,"This game is positively adorable! It's a walking simulator with adventure mixed in, It's so easy to get lost, and the ending is adorable. I had so much fun just exploring the world that I almost forgot to find a way through the game. I bonded with my little cursed skull friend and named him Carwin. It was a wonderful game, and worth every penny I paid for it. I might start it again soon."
,Recommended,436500,25739575,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,sleepy toad,"EDIT: review was changed from negative to positive as the developers have done an amazing job keeping in touch with their playerbase and polishing their game.If i were to describe this game in one word, alien would probably be the one i'd chose. If i were given two, the second one would probably be engrossing.However, this is one of those games that can't be recommended to people who are looking for a thrilling game experience, as the game describes itself as an « anti-adventure ». And while that isn't entirely true, as there is definitely a point to your stay in the spaceport (getting rid of a curse and seeking advice and help from various NPCs),  Diaries of a spaceport janitor IS about doing stuff a janitor usually does, which may not seem attractive at first glance.But if there's anything to love in this game it's not the Janitorial aspect, it's the spaceport one. Exploring the spaceport, discovering its economy and its various suburbs is immensely intriguing and never ceased to prove both a challenge (due to the map being very maze-like, if not all that large in itself) and a pleasure. And the more i played, the more i grew familiar with the spaceport, which is a feeling that every game should strive for : immersing you in its universe.If you've ever played a megaman game, you know this satisfying feeling of knowing a level's layout by heart and being able to masterfully go through and beat the whole thing in a matter of minutes. While this game doesn't have this sort of action packed experience, the result is definitely similar, and still immensely satisfying.The review of the game ends here as i try and remain as vague as possible because the best way to experience this game is definitely to go in blind. Now i would simply like to say thank you to the developers, who have proved devoted and responsive in their handling of the game post release. From taking feedback very positively to providing players like myself who had lost their save file with a replacement, they've done a fantastic job. I still think that the game should not have been released in such a buggy state, but the devs have more than made up for this."
,Recommended,436500,25576565,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kythesis,"Game breaking bug prevents me from continuing on in the questline, will update when fixed.It seems to be fixed now. Maybe I will get around to writing an actual review sometime now."
,Recommended,436500,31331181,Posted: 23 April,all,Han Zimmerman,"Greatest Game I've Ever Played (PERIOD)No, period didn't need to be spelled out, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't buy this game."
76561198051001713,Recommended,436500,31430833,Posted: 28 April,all,LocalCaitortot,"I really love this game. Stylistically, it is right up my alley. I love the colors, the music, the religious themes, and the procedural rhetoric. I've noticed that a lot of players find this game frustrating, but I would be kind of concerned if they didn't. The whole point is wandering around as a little blue collar person (who just so happens to be blue herself), trying to get a leg up in the world. The odds are stacked against the main character, making playing as her difficult and sometimes unfair. The luck mechanic is really interesting and the city feels alive in that it is constantly changing around a little blue alien who just wants to have an interesting life.Get cursed, eat some bugs, and be polytheistic every so often. Play Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor."
,Recommended,436500,27721139,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eric the Cleric,"This is a wonderful game with a lot of heart. Great world design, sound design, and character designs. There's a ton of diversity in the world, and it feels great to explore. Simple mechanics that you'll get down quickly, but are still fun to do several hours in. The soundtrack is wonderful and I even picked up the soundtrack. Diaries is a great game and I'm super excited to see what the developers do in the future."
,Recommended,436500,27507275,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gnar-introspect,"Just such a fun game. I just love the art style, and a game where you dont have to spend the whole time killing things."
,Recommended,436500,32650647,Posted: 22 June,all,The_Lorax,"Set in a bustling space port, this game has that special artsy/cyberpunk feeling that I love.  From manta rays flying high in the sky to street stalls filled with interesting goods, the developers simply did an amazing job."
76561198249359524,Recommended,436500,34104657,Posted: 8 August,all,Natrea,"I do not like games with graphics similar to Minecraft's ones. But this was an exception. Bought during Steam Sale 2017, due to seeing some better review in one magazine.Like I said, the graphics can create some Minecraft vibe. Simple, a little messy. Personally, I found them cute.The music is good, you will love the songs played during Theday celebrations. Guaranteed! Other songs are good as background, they do not disturb our Alaensee girlbeast's work.The interface looks as simple as the graphics. We move with arrow keys. Heck, we can even jump a little with Spacebar. We interact using E button. When you hit Tab button, you open your bag. Esc button lets us see menu and quest objectives. Yeah, this game has some quests for us! In short: we go to a dungeon, we get cursed and we must get rid of that curse. Between looking for clues we burn trash, we find more useful items, we trade, we talk to people, we pray to nine awesome goddesses, we avoid suspicious guys with guns and red scarves... then we go home. Also, we can write something in our diary. Feeling your vision is somewhat disturbed? Come on, gendershift! It looks funny and the commentaries about different genders are funny, too.Honestly, I got addicted. Going along the streets of the spaceport is relaxing. I do not find it depressing in any case. I rather find it sweet, somewhat cruel when those mentioned guys with scarves eat almost the whole money...""Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor"" - that should be pointed! - also flirts with our popular culture. Item descriptions are the best example. Or ""pearls"" like used syringe and alien eggs.Are there any cons? Yes. I still cannot stand the cursed skull's shrieks. The second minus goes to some game bugs. And this is all, for me at least.Time to clean!"
76561198126558508,Recommended,436500,34745820,Posted: 4 September,all,Wobbelina,"This is a beautiful little game! The world is addictively immersive and colorful, and the characters you encounter are all interesting. 'Diaries' does a great job of making you really want to explore and experience this little corner of the world--or, rather, galaxy--even if you ARE so poor you have to collect trash while exploring it.The music is light and quirky and fun, and does a great job helping to build the environment. Overall, in terms of atmosphere and world-building, this is a fun little romp in a different world.Now, onto the bad news.The game is hampered at every turn by the camera, which swings wildly around and seems determined to clip through anything even slightly behind you, no matter how careful you are to avoid things. There's also no way to auto-lock it so it follows you in a fixed position. This is a serious fault, especially since the game has 2-D sprites in a 3-D field; a slight change of camera angle makes some things effectively invisible, while making others very difficult to see.Also, I'm not sure why--and I'm not the only one with this problem--but it seems as if, the more NPCs there are in any given area, the framerate plummets and the game's response time drops until it's basically unplayable. This is strange, since the game's new-retro pixel style an overall lo-fi graphics should mean it shouldn't be a problem for the kind of thing. But the problem persisted.While I enjoy this game, I find the issues I mentioned to be so frustrating that I actually quit playing out of sheer annoyance an frustration on more occasion. I really WANTED to play, but I felt like the game wouln't let me.So, I'd say it's fun, but play in installments, and DON'T play if you aren't patient."
,Recommended,436500,34777584,Posted: 6 September,all,newblood40,"Kind of boring if you were expecting it to be some sort of adventure game were you're like ""♥♥♥♥ the system"" and you go off the grid and try to be a reble or something like that. If you bought it knowing that it's just you trying to get by as you clean the space port then yah it's an alright game."
76561198161841608,Recommended,436500,35385944,Posted: 1 October,all,sadcatfoodspa,"Probably one of my favorite atmospheres in a game, reminds me of Blade Runner, Star Trek, and Mos Eisley. If you are looking for compelling gameplay, look elsewhere, but for atmosphere and a chill sci-fi game, this is for you. I enjoyed, 7/10, Would praise Beb again."
