user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,436520,30091487,Posted: 21 February,all,Turner悲,"I really want to recommend this game but I just can’t at the moment. I enjoy playing it and it brings back so many good memories of MW2 but there are just too many problems with it currently. If the devs fix/change anything I'll update my review.ProsWeapon/Character CustomizationNot Pay to Win(Yes I'm serious)Runs goodHigh TTKClassic VibeWeapon Balance(Pretty good, there are a few weps that need a nerf atm though.)ConsHitreg- Terrible atm, constantly die around cornersHit boxes- Same with hitregHead glitching- Major problem that needs fixingGP earn rate- Needs to be increased or weapon prices loweredMantle/Flash Animation- Are terrible and get you killed so much and need to be removed.Player falling physics- don't try to slide down a hillFlashlight- I get its a tactical light but it shouldn't be like looking at the sunMaps- Pretty meh, a lot of them could use adjusting.""Super Powers/Abilities""- I hate them, but I play classic anywaysUI- Could be simplerIf you want to read it properly formatted:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Juggernaut_Drive/recommended/436520/I'll try to expand on my points in case anyone is interested in more of what I mean. Before that however I do want to mention that I do enjoy the game. I enjoy it so much and it reminds me of when I used to play COD all day on xbox when I was a kid. Now to get to the points.The Pros:Weapon/Character Customization- Nothing much to say just it's pretty in depth and you can make so many different variants. The only real thing their lacking here are the skins. I assume they will add more skins in time though.Not Pay to Win- It's not pay to win which is great! People who say it's pay to win don't put any time into the game and look don't at the weapon stats. If you did than you would find out that most of the weapons you buy don't have any better stats that the ones you start with. Now of course there are some weapons that are better than others atm but you get that with every AAA game that has a price tag of ~$60 so I'm sure the developers will address those in the future.Runs good- Nothing more to say really. It runs good and I have had no problems with it.High TTK- Very high time to kill which is great. But if you pair that with bad hitreg then you get a load of problems (hitreg is talked about more below).Classic Vibe- Reminds me of the COD4/MW2 days.Weapon Balance- As talked about in the not p2w section, weapon balance is pretty good at the time of this review.The Cons:Hitreg- It's really bad atm and I mean REALLY bad. Your shots don't hit and you die around corners constantly. I don't know if I just didn't notice it when I first started playing, but I noticed it after one of their updates. So I'm not sure if it was always bad or if that update broke it.Hit boxes- The female hitbox is smaller than the males (not the bad point) but when you have bad hitreg/head glitching it makes you thing that the hit boxes are also broken. I don't know if it’s that or the hitreg, but something is definitely off.Head glitching- Major problem that needs fixing. You see the tippy top of their head and they see your whole body. Plus, pair that with the hitboxes and you can't hit their head.GP earn rate- Needs to be increased or weapon prices lowered. I have around 28 hours into the game (not all playtime) and I currently have around ~170,000 GP. Which seems like a lot of GP but when you add that I played very heavily during the valentine event and the new achievements I got (since it was a new account) it's really not that much. If it wasn't a valentine event and I wasn't a new player I would have significantly less GP for that time played. Yes yes I know you get GP from missions, achievements, leaderboard rankings and at the end of every match.Missions - Math is based off a 30 day month. So if you do EVERY single mission a month you get around 114,000GP. Daily Missions = 90,000GP, Weekly Missions = 12,000GP, Monthly Missions = 12,000GP. So 1 month of my time isn't worth enough for ONE primary weapon (about 214,000GP)?Achievements - Yes you get GP for achievements and you get the reward ONCE. This seems good and fair since there are 408 achievements but it's not. More than like half of the achievements are weapon related which means you CAN'T get the reward until you unlock the weapon. The weapons go as follows; K2 I = 30 kills, K2 II = 300 kills, K2 III = 3000 kills. I shouldn't have to say much more about why relying on achievements for GP is so stupid.Leaderboard - You get 20,000GP if you place in the top 4% in every section every month.End of match reward - You get like 100GP which is pointless. 1000 games of 100GP = 100,000GP.Mantle/Flash Animation- Are terrible and get you killed so much and need to be removed. There stupid animations that are not needed. The flash puts a hand up in front of your view and you can’t shoot until the hand goes down. It also lasts LONGER than the actual flash like wtf. The mantle locks you into a mantle animation when you try and jump over something.Player falling physics- You get stuck and jitter down the hill or object that’s slanted.Flash light- I get its a tactical light but it shouldn't be like looking at the sun. It's gameplay breaking, way to bright atm.Maps- Pretty meh, a lot of them could use adjusting. The S&D maps are by far the best but come with problems as well. A lot of the sites only have 2 entrances and then its closed off.""Super Powers/Abilities""- Hate them since you need to have the medic one equipped or you’re at a huge disadvantage.UI- Very confusing when you first load it up and could be simpler."
76561198061991958,Recommended,436520,29660180,Posted: 2 February,all,xXx_mtv_xXx,when you look down you can see your legs
,Not Recommended,436520,29663421,Posted: 2 February,all,Spoderman,"I like this game a lot, I really honestly do, but I cant reccommend this to anyone thats trying to avoid spending money, the Pay To Win aspect is ruining it which is a shame because every other aspect of this game is solid but the pay to win holds back my reccomdation.Heres why:The most GP (in game currency) Ive ever gotten in a team deathmatch which takes about 10 minutes to complete is 180 (being first place) and like 500 for playing team survival which takes like 15-20 minutesThe lowest possible time you can rent a gun is 3 days, and that costs anywhere between 9,000 and 12,000 GP and perms cost 144,000 - 300,000 for a primary and attachments for the guns cost about 7,000 each so the grind for anything in this game is pretty crazy.To buy a perm with real world money at the moment costs about 15 dollarsNot to mention the starter gun (Training M4A1) cannot be tuned for attachments and has a 50% reduction in GP awards (thats what the in game description says). Why would there be a reduction of GP on the starter gun? Thats the most ridicilous thing I ever heard, that makes it ever HARDER for new players to grind. Just plain stupid.I personally dont mind throwing 15 bucks max to free to play game but if you're trying to play GP only (Which was totally doable in Combat Arms) you're going to have a horrible time here until you've grinded your way to a perm gun. If you're thinking about spending any money go strait for the starters pack, it gives you two guns instead of buying one single gun. I don't like that other players have to resort to spending money, thats just not fair. Hopefully this stuff changes in the future.Edit: Prices might change soonEdit 2: The Training M4A1 has identical stats to the normal M4A1 just with 50% GP reduction, so you can deffinitely compete but still its not right."
,Not Recommended,436520,25472026,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BULLonPARADE,"It should be a free-to-play game.  In game you can rent guns for about 60,000 in game points.  You earn about 150-200 in game points per game.  There are little daily bonuses, but you're looking about 3-5 days of solid play time in order to rent a new gun for 7 days.  To purchase a gun permanently you need to pay about 400,000 in game points.  Or of course, just spend your real money to get a gun quicker, which is what the system seems designed to do.This is an old, worn out model I've seen in Korea often and I'd wager lots of other parts of Asia use it as well.   If you're going to make an average at best FPS and charge in game to get nice guns, at least make it free to play.  The only reason I didn't refund the game is because my Korean friend likes it so we will play together.Edit:  Half of the maps are long snipe maps.  Usually one team with the high ground spawn sits in the spawn while the other runs to them, gets sniped, spawns, and repeat.  I've seen several that don't finish because a team won with a winning score, but finished because the 20 minute time limit was up. /sarcasm/ I can assure you, it's extremely fun playing these type of maps.  /endsarcasm/"
,Recommended,436520,29889947,Posted: 12 February,all,Vladamir Putin,"This. This game. This game right here. Everyone says ""f2p CoD!"" ""Pay 2 win!"" I for one say:Totally a f2p CoD. No denying it, Doesn't mean it's a bad game. Snipers are often 1 hit kills, so expect a MASSIVE amount of snipers playing. Rifles are good too. BUT, it's like 100k to perma buy any gun, and you get like 300 gold for a 30 kill deathmatch game. Might just be me but it's slightly hard to get some guns. But you can just temp buy it. This doesn't make the game pay 2 win, BUTTTTTT the Training M4 you start with, get this, gives you a 50% LESS bonus for getting kills. You are PUNISHED for using it. THAT is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Use guns that are on free rotation instead for as long as you can get other guns. But other than those, it's a fun game."
,Recommended,436520,29753396,Posted: 6 February,all,Phantomina Spooketta,"TL;DR at endOk this is very annoying some of the reviews of this game so I've decided to make a review and give this game the respect it deserves.I want to make 1 thing very very clear at the start. This game has no P2W element. Any guns you can get from the random (lotto) box are IDENTICAL in stats to their counterpart. This has been said by the GM's in NUMEROUS discussion threads. The only difference is visual.And for anyone complaining about ""cheaters"" there are people already putting tons of effort in this game and I would like you to show me some examples of hacks you can find from this game. Battleeye is not a bad anti-cheat, infact it has a better track record than VAC itself.Now onto the game review, I'll list some pros, cons and possibly some neutral pointsPros:-This game can run on a toaster (and most people who play put the settings to minimum to reduce map clutter)- There is already a competitive scene for this game on ESL if you are into that sort of thing with their own rulesets and everything.- If you want to play with upped graphics the game can look pretty decent but imo it suffers from aliasing issues- Gameplay is very fluid although there is an odd bug when it comes to jumping in some cases where you will vault instead of jumping normally (pls fix).- Lobby system, the lobby system is very nicely organized and you can clearly see what lobbies are restricted and to what.- IF YOU DO NOT LIKE THE ""ABILITIES"" THERE ARE CLASSIC MODES WITH THEM DISABLED (ESL HAS THEM DISABLED ALSO)- Mod purchases are cheap and permanentCons:- Servers are unstable but in the recent couple of days I haven't had an issue and hopefully they keep progressing in a right direction with their server stabilities.- Clan ladders and Ranked ladders are not very populated and it could be a very long time before you can find a game.- Cannot invite friends to a lobby, they have to find it themselves.- When inviting people to a matchmaking party sometimes it bugs out and requires a restart to work.Neutral:- GP System. You earn an OK amount of GP per game and it is suggested to buy guns as a rental and not try to save for permanent purchases. The developers said they are working on changing the prices or the amount of GP earned to help with purchasing of guns- Gem System. Gems purchase you visual items (and you can buy characters from which I haven't seen any benefit reallyUPDATE: I did some proper searching about characters and infact they are cosmetic updates and infact one of the characters you can purchase is slower and has worse options for their armor vests. ) but no guns you purchase have a stat boost over their normal counterparts. You can use gems to purchase guns before you unlocked them. You can also purchase gems in game by using steam wallet if you so wish.TL;DR All in all I do recommend this game and yes it does require a little bit of time investment to get used to their gunplay, movement and to really learn the maps and contact points. Community is friendly and is more often than not willing to answer your questions.Hope to see you in the game!"
,Not Recommended,436520,29647500,Posted: 2 February,all,#R4-D20,"You remember Combat Arms? This has just as much potential, but just like Combat Arms the pay to win model kills it. I want to like this game, i really do, but nah.Not to mention all the russians with 90/2 stats."
,Recommended,436520,29713426,Posted: 5 February,all,tentcow,"Much like a polished and modernized Combat Arms. Very reminiscent of the old f2p shooters like CA, Soldier Front, AVA, War Rock, etc. Large variety of gamemodes to play, about 21. Same frustrating model with p2w elements we see in every f2p shooter (do not play if you cannot get past this).EDIT: Never meant to imply that the game itself is P2W. Simply stated that it contained some P2W elements (at least at first glance). The game is fun and I will be playing it until I find it boring as well as updating this review as I acquire more info and experience with the game. I'm playing it mostly for nostalgia's sake as I miss how much fun I had with Combat Arms despite how many cheaters it had. Also, if you want a slightly higher quality and more polished F2P shooter, check out Dirty Bomb (Nexon game)."
,Recommended,436520,25411143,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,⍟ ZiveX,"Okay, So I know everybody is writing bad reviews because of various reasons. But you need to understand that the game just released and it is by a company we've never heard of before. This was also a sequel to Combat Arms. Lots of people disliked Combat Arms. It even got removed on Steam. Line of Sight has a really wierd game style that is rarely seen in gamers these days. It's pretty fast pasted and pretty hard to do your objective. If you ask me, I would say Black Spot did a really good job on this game. It's been hyped for so long. Since there are a bunch of negative reviews. You really need to look at the downfalls here. The game just released. There WILL be bugs, glitches and hackers. You can't do anything about that. Servers WILL be crashing every now and then. But throw all that aside and you have a great game! Good Job Black Spot! :)I won't be rating the game from 1-10 because it is way too early to. But I do recommend you try it out."
,Recommended,436520,29979591,Posted: 17 February,all,RedZerG,this game >> IS NOT PAY TO WINPeople Think when they are Getting Killed by Weapons like m4a1 Raptor and L115A3 Precision and thoese guns have Yellow Logo or Overlay it is Premium gun ................................................. Its False .....................For Example G36 or Famas which you can get from playing game like 1 hour have way much better stats then M4A1 Raptor which is Premium gun ..... But even every player can get it u just have to be lucky. or Play Ranked games for DiamondsSecond Examle >> Premium Sniper Rifle which is L115A3 Precision have Lower DMG and Lower stats then SNiper Rifle which u get soon as you start game ( For Free )( IF SOMEBODY EVER TELLS YOU THIS GAME IS PAY to WIN DOn't Believe No its nottttttttttttt ) You can Get 10 X better guys with in 1/2 hours of playing... To make game even easier ... Therre is Tons of Achivments .. When you get even 1 you get free GD+ There is Daily/Weakly/Monthly Missions/Quests which is super easy to do and when you do that ... U get Rewarded by3x 1K GD for Daily Mission3x 2K GD for Wealky Mission3x 4K GD for Monthly Mission(SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH) :P lolThis game is Not Pay to win .........................................................   I can say why .............   every gun which comes from  that Boxes   are not that good ........... FOr example .............. SNiper which comes form   Random Box  have   way low stats  compare to sniper which game gives you for absolutely free  soon as you   open  Gift Box from game  ...... Which is Gifted to all player
76561198197741621,Recommended,436520,30025010,Posted: 18 February,all,sbaby,"you have to play it to know if you like it, dont trust reviews everything is free or under 2$, just play it"
,Recommended,436520,29616746,Posted: 31 January,all,Yoda Supreme,"I give it a 6.5 out of 10So far Iv'e played like  11.4 hours and I must say this game while it's not GREAT, it is not as horrible as other reviews say it is.Pros:-The gameplay is smooth-Controls are great-Customisation is awesome, there's like 1 million possibilities-Variation of weapons, there are like 40-50 weapons as of now-AI TDM is fun to practice and to mess around-Sniping is awesome feels like a mix of COD and CS sniping-Graphics are beautifull-Game runs smoothlyCons:-the grind is unreal, you get like 200-350 gp per game and a permanent weapon costs like 120-150K gp.-There are not enough players in the NA server.-The maps are designed to make spawn traping really easy.-The CO-OP mode sucks, yes there is only ONE co-op mode.Cons/Pros:Buying a weapon with real money is like 10$ in gems, it's less expensive than most F2P shooters but still is 10 bucksThis game has potential, Give it a try.hey who knows, maybe in like 5 months from now the game is going to be gold!-Eric"
,Recommended,436520,29973652,Posted: 16 February,all,Click,"EDIT: after around 20 hours of gameplay, I decided to edit up my review.It's a pretty fun game. the weapons are well balanced, and almost everything is available to buy for ingame money. Guns can be either rented or permanently purchased for ingame money, so none of that p2w hassle here. The graphics are comparable to CSGO, and the gameplay is comparable to CoD black ops 2. The ability and skill leveling makes the game stand out from the former though. Its a free fun game, so give it a shot.Hope to see you sometime ingame!P.S. : Quick tip: for a custom ingame picture instead of the premade ones, register with facebook in the game, and you will get the option to change your ingame picture to your facebook profile picture.Have fun, and have a nice day!"
,Recommended,436520,29611965,Posted: 31 January,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,One of the few games that actually left Early Access.
76561198057377022,Recommended,436520,29846783,Posted: 11 February,all,heinrich.k.1985,"I recomment playing it only since it is free.For a free game, the experience is not so bad.Still, the developers have a lot to do to polish it, but the game has great potential."
,Not Recommended,436520,29662997,Posted: 2 February,all,Synecdoche,"This would have been a great game if it came out 10 years ago. Sadly for Line of Sight, it isn't 2007 and the current F2P shooter market is much better than what this game has to offer.In response to the comments, I have to admit playing Line of Sight gave me a newfound appreciation for Dirty Bomb's F2P model."
76561198361105790,Recommended,436520,29894645,Posted: 13 February,all,[OW] Mike,SUMMARY :1. Nice gameplay/mode2. Nice Character Model (mine custom like ninja with rifle! lol)3. Playable Ping For SEA Gamers. (A lot of big DEV wont provide us SEA server. So This game will give another option to SEA gamers)4. NOT Pay To Win. (OPTION : U can topup to speedup achievement and unlock weapon n tuneable item faster)5. Weapon and item can be buy PERMANENTLY using GP (Game Point Earn Ingame) and GEMS (topup).P/S : Come join us in LOS. More player more better. THANKS.
,Not Recommended,436520,29658761,Posted: 2 February,all,Hugh,"You can't even get a permanent gun unless you pay or grind your♥♥♥♥♥off.Also, takes WAY to long to get into games. If you manage to get into one and not lose connection.."
,Recommended,436520,29739193,Posted: 6 February,all,Antek ( ITA ),"Overall, a straight upgrade from combat arms, graphics, gameplay and you can actually buy stuff but you need to grind for it.7-10"
,Recommended,436520,29909714,Posted: 13 February,all,Czarls - Tohru (Dragon Maid) ✪,Everyone i see complains about the game. Honestly those people annoy me. I run this game perfectly fine on high settings and easiler over 130 FPS. I dont lag and the grind is fine since the training m4 is good if you know how to play. I really am enjoying this game and i reccomend this game if you want to play a different FPS. For pretty much 3 GB its fun.
,Not Recommended,436520,29637405,Posted: 1 February,all,Petey,140k for a permanent gun. ♥♥♥♥ you game
,Recommended,436520,30015312,Posted: 18 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Gorre ☠,"Tutorial DialogueI'm sure you're a veteran but this tutorial might teach you a few new tricks [...] press WASD to move and Space to jump.¯\_(ツ)_/¯Very casual shooter with CoD style maps, mechanics, character customizationandit's not pay to win as many reviews yell about. While it may not seem like it you could choose to rush or play slowly more tactical allowing the enemies to give away their position many times.[✔]> runs on any potato> weapon & character customization> game modes diversity> sniping is a viable playstyle> competitive clan playlist & ESL tourneys (PogChamp)> balanced all around gun damage for a f2p game[✘]> terrible UI> shop is very expensive (but not p2w!)> map design could be better> low quality sound effects> hitboxes are broken half the timeThe reason I recommend this game is I hope they will fix the hitbox issues in the future, biggest drawback yet."
,Recommended,436520,29753341,Posted: 6 February,all,Eerie Haunta,"""pay 2 win"" and♥♥♥♥♥♥comments like this seem to be very apparent in reading these reviews, let me shut you the ♥♥♥♥ up.1. ALL THE GUNS ARE BUYABLE WITH IN-GAME CURRENCY AND BUYABLE CURRENCY2.The GOLD guns you see in the feed are the EXACT same as their counter-parts they just have DIFFERENT LOOKS TO THEM.3. You can get guns EARLY with buyable in-game currency but it's all from the random boxes in game but you cannot ETEND THE LENGTH OF THE GUNS EXPIRATION DATE, you can if you unlock it via levelingIn conclusion, this game is not P2W in the slightest, research a bit about the game so you know whats good and what isn't, the heaviest armour does protect you from any shot but a headshot from snipers but heavily injured of course, leg shots you will live through with any armor usually.GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEAD PEOPLE WHO COMPLAIN ABOUT IT BEING P2W, IT'S NOT AND YOU CAN GET EVERY GUN IN THE GAME ONCE YOUR HIGH ENOUGH LEVEL, GEMS LET YOU BUY IT WITHOUT USING IN GAME EARNED CURRENCY THATS IT."
,Recommended,436520,25412155,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,radarridr,"Keep in mind that this game is F2P in other countries and that Blackspot needs a bit of funding to continue development for the global version of the game. The game is in early access for a reason. It'll probably go F2P when early access is finishedGraphics aren't mind blowing but they get the job done. The game starts you out with a decent assault rifle, and overall first impressions are pretty good. The netcode is really optimized, even playing on european servers from the US i was able to move around and shoot at people with minimal rubber banding or delays. You can customize EVERYTHING about your weapons, from muzzles to barrels, to optics, foregrips, grenade launchers, laser sights, and more. The maps are okay, only one of them isn't really that good. It's a solid start."
76561197999406618,Not Recommended,436520,30048801,Posted: 19 February,all,ThaDaLinkWent,"It's a game with such great potential but this game is all over the place with its ideas about what it wants to be and what it wants to do with its community player base. More than anything else presently, they really need to clean up and streamline the user interface. First time coming into the character profile screen is a bit overwhelming. Yeah I'm aware you can press the help button but even that is done in a rough manner. It basically pops up an extra page with arrows pointing at everything with descriptions surrounding them. Would be easier if I could just scroll my mouse cursor over a single button or picture and a small pop up box gives a brief description of each itemAnother place they need to trim the fat off of their game is the fact that there is 21 different game modes to play on and honestly I can only see myself playing 12 of these modes on a regular basis. Certain game modes are made excessively redundant. Take Search and Destroy mode for example. There's Search and Destroy [Classic edition], Search and Destroy [Psionics edition] and Search and Destroy [Regular] (Whatever that means....). They could easily consolidate all 3 of those versions of Search and Destroy into one category and let the individual toggle which version of the mode they wish to play. No need for the devs to present different versions of the same game mode as completely different entities. And this is done with other modes as well which makes queing up for a match quite aggravating at times because I have to constantly deselect the modes I do not wish to queue up for. Would be nice if the game remembered which modes I picked after logging out...Then there is the poor map designs that are UNINTENTIONALLY WAY TOO ACCOMMODATING to the sniper class of players. On most maps snipers straight off the bat can see between 50-75% across the map most of the time where they are positioning themselves. This in turn gives them no real incentive to move around the map but rather more reason to turn the match into a complete campfest until time runs out or their team reaches max points. I tried this out for myself as a sniper and good gosh did I clean house with that sniper rifle and I'm not even that good of a sniper. One match I only had to move a total of 3 times as a sniper because I could see almost dang near across the entire map scoped in. Heck I even made a blind sniper headshot across the map on someone not even paying attention. At no time I should be allowed such a clumsy kill like that....EVER!And lastly the gun rental and purchasing system could use some improvement. The rental fees for guns is a bit on the high end but still rather reasonable BUT the permanent purchase of a gun is astronomically high. Spending a quarter of million or close to half a million dollars of in-game cash is beyond insane. For half a million dollars that gun better be shooting sidewinder missles. They need to cut those permanent gun purchase prices by 50% at least if they don't want to scare off future potential customers to their game. Already I know someone is gonna say ""How do you expect the devs to make money!?"" It's simple the devs need to have both reasonable and attractive prices people won't wince at when looking at them. Again someone will point out that new players get a fair amount of gems to purchase items as well. A clever incentive done by the devs by giving new players just enough gems in game to keep them hooked but not enough to get them the items they really want.Not recommending the game is not the same as me not liking the game. I know some people have a difficult time understanding that concept but what I mean is even though I've had a little fun with it, the flaws of the game greatly outweigh any praise I could give to it at the moment. There's a great game to be had in this experience but it still needs lots of work done. If you're expecting a well polished game with a streamlined interface going in the first time with this game, then I say run like crazy from this game because you won't find it here. BUT even if after everything I've told you thus far you feel you don't mind or can ignore most of it's problems, then I say ""Welcome aboard to Line Of Sight"" BUT please remember you have been warned. Will I keep playing the game? Maybe I guess? But only time will tell what direction this game will go for certain...."
76561198041686345,Recommended,436520,25417190,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Semitron,"I played this game way back in 2015, when the game was directed under ""combat arms"" as nexon was the publisher of the game.Back then the game, obviously felt like a alpha or pre-alpha, even tho it did, the game was really catch and fun to play, even during those early stages! here's a footage of when i played it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dDcVbG4rm8Just today, when we finaly got the able to pick up the game, i decided to be nice and buy the game + the founder pack, for the exclusive thing and the title, and just the feeling itself knowing i supported the devs, who's also the same people who's now in charge of publishing AND developing the game!So far in the early access, i feel like the game is getting waaay closer to be finished then what it used to be, and since the devs/and mods seems to be so dedicated to the game, i feel like everhting will sort itself out!The Buy 2 play method, honestly was a great idea, it gives them as developers some extra bucks for people, and having the free 2 play version of this game would honestly ruin it, and the devs would get less money from it ;/Anyways! Lets talk about the game mechanics!The shooting, with the variety of the guns, feels good, Using the magic/spells also feels goodThe game is very nicely optimized, not much crashes at all!, and i feel its going really wellThe onmly thing the game needs....is well...players, and they will come eventually :PSo all in all, do i remmber this game? YESFor the price? YES!for supporting the devs? Hell yes!!So what are you waiting for? Buy the damn game, and dont forget to pick up the founder pack neither!"
76561198021527244,Not Recommended,436520,26239858,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Serentis,"I will keep this short and sweet, I have the 5th most hours of actual gameplay out of everyone, was number 1 for a few maps and weapons, and I have watched the devs BUTCHER this game, they refused to listen to anyones suggestions that would actually require them to work and when they finally did listen to 1 or 2 they would ex. (remove an gun effect in the game causing glitching when being hit by said weapons and at the same time add something no on asked for that was even worse of an effect on the guns the original problem was with) they also let the playerbase go from a blooming competetive community to the point where even on a friday or saturday night you might have 10-20 people online FOR NORTH AMERICA, EUROPE, AND ASIA COMBINED. We have been begging them to do some giveaways and market and they always tell us that ""its early access we dont do any marketing""  and this is there response knowing that the games playerbase is so  low that the players cant even play a game, (maybe 1-2 game being played and usually 1 person per game fighting bots with the room locked) as for the giveaways they think doing a raffle that would give 1 person 5 keys to the game is solving the problem..... Save your money and go spend it elsewhere until this DEV TEAM pulls there pants up, oh and one of the biggest reason the dev team lost so many players was because they promised to focus on the competetive aspects of the game and to not let it go PAY2WIN and the first 3 updates included female characters and Special real money guns and 0 updates to the actual issues of the game which then proceeded to be dragged out so badly that after 2 weeks all they would have gotten done is 1 minor bug.. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND RUN"
76561198329794446,Recommended,436520,25493408,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,HK_Kimo,Guys pretty good game but.... plz make it free there are so little player numbers its not even bit fun to play with the same dudes over and over again and the same map 24/7 because they dont want to change and you have no other choise then to stay in that lobby.
76561198081122582,Recommended,436520,30050366,Posted: 19 February,all,CASSCADE,"A little bit difficult to earn but this is a time for constructive criticism so i say play it for at least 5 hours before judging it , hopefully they find a way to make the fields more even , also people take the economy in the wrong way with the daily 50 gems just open crates . dont actually buy weps"
76561198049753320,Not Recommended,436520,26179552,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,arctic.fang,"Line of Sight Early Access Review:At the time of review 20hrs of playtimeIn my opinion, I do not recommend this game. Given the state that the game is in now plus what the Dev's are wanting to do. I believe they have bitten more off they can chew and I don't think the game will last long, I give it 6-9 months a year at most to live. The label of  the “Early Access” I think is just being used for a cash an grab and then once the cash flow is dried out, shut down.This is a basic, generic, run of the mill FPS game.A:Their unique Psionics Abilities is a joke, to put it simply it is just a reoccurring support weapon. It is more like a secondary op_high damage grenade that is flashy and it comes after saving energy over time. Some of the powers are range attacks, mid-attacks and some you have to be in close quarters to take full advantage of the effect.Their unique ESP is more of a personal / defensive style buff, which it has a less of a cost energy than the Psionics.  Which both powers use the same energy?, but can't have two of the same kind / type.If your going to have Psionics powers, make them unique like:1. Being able to grab an enemy and throwing them in the air twisting and turning like a clay pigeon, then your teammates shooting at them. “It's Good to be the King” If your team mates miss, then the enemy will have a long fall with damage.2. Being able to use the “Map Environments” to pick up items and hurl at your enemy. Some of the items could be breakable, sold,  visible gas cloud, flammable, toxic gas, slippery or explosive, electrical cables ...etc3. Being able to pick up your enemy or an object and use it as a shield against the enemy or as a blockade to a door/passage way.4. Being able to use a gravitational force to crush your enemy into a pile of slime, hell even an “Almighty Push” if you get rush at all sides.The powers that this game has to offer is boring and blah.It is not my place to give examples nor is it not my job to be creative for the Dev's.B:1. Blackspot claims that “Line of Sight takes place in a modern military setting”   plus   “And if you are a fan of pure military FPS games and like to play competitively, no worries, you are covered too! Line of Sight provides “Classic Modes”It is true with the classic modes, but where it comes to military weapons plus the attachments and how they are represented in a game like this. Here is one example, at the in-game firing range video. Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQK_w2lGzkYThat is a poor representation. Now if they wanted a one shot kill with scope that is fine, but it should still shoot straight even with the laser as a guide. A solution would have been, just nerf the damage down to a 2-3 hits for a No_Scope Kill, that would have been a far better compromise than a shotgun spread on a sniper rifle2. Blackspot also wants to have innovative PVE modes.Not with the AI_Bots they have now: “Small list”1. Bots collide with each other and against Human Players2. Bots don't have pre-scribe / scripted tactics for their loadouts3. Bots only use primary weapons, no secondary or support weapons4. Bots will block and bottleneck at doors5. Bots don't use esp or psionics powers6. Bot reload animations are not finished or in placeHere is a link for the video examples of what I described: 1 v 1_AI Bot match and a 1v 8_AI Bot matchhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_4l_VIA8k8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M__hz0lZmIIC:Customization's:Every single skin in the game is a micro_transaction which I have no problem, but the Dev's could offer a 1-2 skins with the purchase of GP.1. Ink customization only have basic shapes with color options and Only on the Face.Be nice to have Tribal, WWII art pinups, Angles, Demon's, Skull, Animals, Mystical, Flame.....Etc Having art on the clothing too would be nice.(Clothing Customization has not been added yet, might be a future update)2. Hair styles   with color options3. Beard styles without color options? Why isn't there a color option?4. Caps with color options _no stat / percentage booster for Armor, Health, Stamina, Esp and Psionic powers5. Face masks with color options _no stat / percentage booster for Armor, Health, Stamina, Esp and Psionic powers6. Glasses / Goggles with color options _no stat / percentage booster for Armor, Health, Stamina, Esp and Psionic powers plus against flash grenade, flashlight and laserlight7. Helmets with color options _no stat / percentage booster for Armor, Health, Stamina, Esp and Psionic powers.8. Weapons customization is fairly decent but the only issue that I found was the color option for the m4a1  body  camo-1 and camo-2 . There is no difference in Color between the Default Setting and the Black Color Micro_Transaction version.9. No specialized primary Weapon Ammo, Gear / Equipment nor Special Cyber Implants or even Genetic Injections that could Modify, Prolong or Enhanced the ESP and Psionic powersD:Other Misc issues1. No in_game vote kicking options for players to use against hackers or unruly players.2. Lobby kicking option doesn't keep the player that got kick out, what is the point in having that option when it doesn't work. The only way to make it work effectively is to p/w the room fast enough before the player comes back in.3. a. For Room Moderator options, need to have a Ping Limiter that can be set by the Moderator.or3. b. A Region Lock to prevent High Ping Players of other countries from coming into the match.4. Daily, Weekly and Monthly Mission must have a ETA so the player know when it is getting close to the end of date and time remaining.5. Map design is poor constructed and the theme is poorly thought out.6. Movements seems slow / sluggish and not as fast and crisp as other FPS titles that I've played.7. Hit reg isn't good either, could be due to ping, or net-code programming...etc8. Player balance between high and low level player is unfair with the combat mastery skill tree. Should be remove and transfer into the equipment / gear stats.9. Offering a Cash Shop in an Early Access is a Pet peeve of mine:Early access game's full of bugs and issues wanting real world money from the player-base with the use of cash-shops / micro-transactions with the promise of completion.If a game or any game that is truly in ""BETA"" closed or open, or “Early Access” I believe that there shall be no ""real money"" cash shop allowed.Now if they re-move the early access, then I have no problem with the company having a cash shop.ConclusionThis game is far from being finished with a lot of work ahead of it.Good Luck."
,Not Recommended,436520,29686829,Posted: 3 February,all,Yuzu,"Note: I've already played LoS before it was released.Its a big pile of meh,tons of things can be improved.- The game tries to be like CoD,CSGO and that Bioshock 2 Multiplayer mode that nobody remembers,and fails to be good at any of them. Plus most rooms I've seen disables the psychic abilities so it just turns into another generic shooter.- The game also focuses on customization for weapons and such but you cant just customize it to your liking,you have to grind for days to get a single part for a weapon. So theres another ""unique feature"" gone.- I had to lower the graphics to the lowest possible since they've managed to squeeze every single effect on whatever engine this game is running on. It looks fine on screenshots and such but when I actually go into the game everything is in your ♥♥♥♥ing face its annoying.- This is a minor complaint but animations and sounds are out of place. Some animations feels like they have 10 frames and others flops the gun all over the screen its just off and annoying. Sound effects sound like they were taken from a free resource website and slightly altered.If you like one of those Asian CS wannabe games and dont have the money to play games like CoD then you can get this.It also comes with the obligatory female character that wears skimpy clothing in a ♥♥♥♥ing battlefield as well as the generic soldier dudes with samey faces and the annoying ""WOOHOO YOU GOT A KILL CONGRATULATIONS"" voice every time you get a kill. After all this was suppoused to be Combat Arms 2."
,Not Recommended,436520,28124253,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Add xAsproh,there ARE no rooms to play in. i can only play with ai :(
,Recommended,436520,25607208,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ControL♥FPS,"This game is kinda like my schizophreniac ex-girlfriend.Attractive and full of flaws, but you keep going back for more.It's so ♥♥♥♥ing good but god damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ do I get♥♥♥♥♥♥fps (60-90) when I get 150-200 on cs:go at around the same settings.Not only that but there's almost no free customisation, you gotta pay with premium currency for literally every skin.Atleast you can grind the guns and attachements out, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ some you have to level up to level X before being able to buy, like in CoD:Black ops.Anyways, the game is pretty great for 10$ if you grave a new tactical FPS, and the e-sex with my ex-gf was pretty great, she had huge♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd do it again.9/10The video game?Eh, 7/10 could use some optimisation and less f2p shop bs, also remove throwing knives and armor god damn it"
,Recommended,436520,25417346,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,RainMaerx,"Game is far from great, but a good start.As a 4 year veteran player of Combat Arms, the movement in Line of Sight feels clunky.-Sniping is a chore-There's no form of quick switching-Hit registration is all over the place+Graphics are optimized+Community is nice to a point+They practically give you the L115A3 and Deagle for perm when you start+The few maps that are in the game are decently balanced and have alright flow.Overall, buy this game if you're looking for a replacement for Combat Arms, but it still needs a lot of work."
76561198067035295,Recommended,436520,25412021,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hot Cake,"Cons-gameplay can be clunky-lacking in sound quality (0 environment sound effect)(horrible footstep sounds)(weapon sounds are okay, but could be better-character model does not match the artwork( this really bothers me a lot, especially on the female                         characters)-weapon customization looks cool , but overall there's really nothing much to it.Pros+Smooth gameplay+decent graphic+unique customization on both weapon and character(however could be better , as it's lacking in content)+good settingsOverall(5/10)I heard the devs does care about the community, and I also understands that it's still on early access.therefore let's hope the Devs will mark our words. Addtionally ,in my honest opinion this game should be F2P."
76561198153235621,Not Recommended,436520,29688378,Posted: 4 February,all,IOUANAME,My first impression was horrible it started me off in EU servers which I was not given an option to change from the get go had to manually go and find the server and change but it appears EU is far more active compared to NA because I couldn't find anyone... ~^~ Not to mention the whole item system I mean it cost a fortune of in game currency to purchase anything hours apon hours of work on a game with mediocre graphics. I'm not even sure how good the actual hitting of targets is since the only game I got to try was in EU before saying to hell with this It was just a really bad experience you would be better off with something like warface since well it atctually looks reputable and I don't believe it costs as much as I think it was like 3 million in game currency to just unlock a character perma I'm not sure about weapons but the character was big for me ~^~ Overall I just can't can not recommend this game to anyone
,Recommended,436520,25484519,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Taylor,"What I like:Psionic Abilities - Psionic Abilities make firefights exciting as you try and figure out how to best use them against your enemies. If you don't care for them, there's a Classic Mode where Psionic Abilities are turned off.Maps - The maps look really cool. I like all of them...well, not the wheat field. That map is hell for non-snipers. Oh, and about snipers...in my personal opinion, most of the maps seem to cater to snipers; however, if you know the map and you think smart, you'll be OK.Weapon customization - Plenty of mods and skins to choose from. With the silencers, ammo clips, scopes, etc, you can make a weapon that's perfect for your playstyle. Right now my M4A1 has a grenade launcher attachment that helps me blow up those pesky campers and snipers.What I don't like:Lack of character customization - I don't know if the male characters have this problem, but the females can't change their outfits. You can put on a gas mask or a hat or choose from two other hairstyles, but clothing-wise, you're stuck. This is more of a personal dislike rather than something that's wrong with the game, I suppose. I hope more options are added in the future.Guns are too expensive - It'll take a while before you can buy your favorite weapon permanently. This is something that the devs are aware of and will change in the future. Luckily, there are quests you can do every day that reward you with GP (in-game currency) and Gems (currency you buy with real money).Lack of weapon selection - We need more guns!Latency - My connection isn't the best even though I am in the west coast, where the servers supposedly are/were. The devs are moving the servers to central US, so latency should improve for those who don't live in the west coast.Minor graphical bugs - It's early access. No surprise there. Sometimes my character's face disappears in the lobby, leaving behind only her hair and eyes. Just throwing it in to give a fair review.Overall, I do recommend this game. I am having a lot of fun with it. PVE is on its way. Looking forward to blasting zombies away. The game will only improve from here on out."
,Recommended,436520,25423964,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[JP]TheDarkSteveh,This is a good but buggy game i can recommend that you pay the $10 if you are wondering why when people are saying this is F2P later you get $36 of free content for paying to support the devs and yes you are paying for closed betaThe Pros-it's fun and with friends its quite a blast-it's $10 pretty good price to support the game-heaps of unlockables-feels like the good olden days of Combat arms before it was crap-have not encounterd a hacker yet-community seems to not be toxic-non P2W game you need to pay for absoultly nothing if you want it and you get alot of ingame credits so you usally can get the gear you want without payingThe cons-some guns feel extremly unbalenced-it hasnt got stable ping for me on any servers-the game has a very small community currently im hoping more people will buy this-its a bit buggy-the menu is quite clunkyoverall i would recommend this game and i hope more people do so we get an larger community whilst supporting the devs to contiune this game it has real potential and i quite enjoy it
,Recommended,436520,30075860,Posted: 21 February,all,Swipe Life,"The game has powers like medkits and speed boost. If you dislike these powers you can play thr Classic modes. You can 1 tap people with high powered assault rifles and snipers are one shot kill chest up. Game plays a lot like the old CoDs but graphics are slightly worse. I prefer this game to CoD becuase the leaderboards are competitive and you receive rewards for ranking on the weekly leaderboards. The game is not P2W because the weapopns are pretty balanced. I hopped on this game expecting something to play for an hour, now I want to grind it with some friends. Pretty good game."
,Not Recommended,436520,30098959,Posted: 22 February,all,Death-RtH,"Terrible and slow matchmaking system, I ran into multiple matches where the teams were 3 on one side and 6 on the other. No clear votekick system means a single AFK can unbalance teams for multiple rounds which can make an already unbalanced match even worse.Completely unnecessary facebook integration shows this game is outdated.Random RNG boxes locked behind a premium currency with no other noticable way to obtain them, and by extension the exclusive weapons they hold, which appear to have increased stats.Movement system is far to floaty IMO and the gameplay is far too focused on a lucky bullet to the head, these two factors combined mean its mostly random jumping around spraying a weapon from the hip, or the one guy everyone hates running around using a sniper rifle in CQC because there is 0 punishment for using a weapon outside of its intended use.Finally the community in the few rounds I played is toxic, likely bred by the fact there appears to be ESL competition for this game, meaning any 14 year old who can't afford CoD, Siege, ETC but thinks they can be a pro gamer will join in, talk the talk, get decked and scream hacker and then ragequit, leaving their team one player down and at a disadvantage, not to mention adding to the already obvious toxicity."
,Recommended,436520,25425277,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SokkelBerg,"The graphics is just like wow, for a game this cheap, and it is maybe going free at full release, that is just amazing.it is a bit hard to get started, but once you have played some games you are mostly gonna get the hold of it.It is quiet hard understanding the menu, i would really wish they remade that, but that is just my opinion.Gettinjg kills is a bit weird, since sometimes a lot of bullets have to be hit to get a kill.All the achievements, I LOVE IT! Im that kinda guy who likes to go achievement hunting, and have some goals for playing games, and all of these achievements, would defently hold me on to this game for a good long while.The game still have a lot of bugs, like getting stuck in the ground, or stuck while trying to enter the game, but it is a Early access game currently, what can you expect!From a scale from 1-10 i would give it 8, just need a bit of bug fixing and glitching then i would defently give it atleast 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,436520,25439808,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Darryl Strawberry,"THIS GAME IS Early Access so this can all still change.The GOOD:-Smooth gameplay-Awesome net code (even if you are from a country like australia you can jump on the NA servers and get kills like everyone else!)-good weapon customization.-NOT pay to win!-good community.-alot of guns.NOT SO GOOD: (early acsess so this could be changed in future updates)-Guns are way too expensive. some guns are $400000 in game currency, and your match bonuses are never going to allow you too afford that unless you put hundreds of hours in to the game.-graphics are not so great (but is early access so it is understandable)-a lot of bugs but nothing game breaking.-ping is unstable at times but not often-not much of a player base at the moment but it has not been out for even a week yet so expect a lot more people to jump on.CONCLUSION:Well worth $10 its going to help the devs develop the game, it feels like combat arms before it went to s**t, but obviously a lot newer. this is a solid FPS game already. i hope it keeps improving and more content can be introduced."
,Recommended,436520,29813846,Posted: 9 February,all,SonsOfLiberty86,"The guns feel good and it looks pretty decent graphics wise, but the rubberbanding frustrated me too muchCould be my internet, but I have good internet and can play games like RS6 Siege, CS:GO, Overwatch etc. just fine.edit: Update, was able to find a match that ran smoothly. I wonder if it has to do with the other players I am connected to?"
76561198066874845,Not Recommended,436520,29654473,Posted: 2 February,all,simroux3108,its not a bad game. but its not good ether.graphic 5/10gameplay 8/10server 2/10weapon 5/10community 7/10skill 5/10base key setup 4/10 (i dont have 20 finger guys..)customize and game interface 2/10overall the gameplay is nice but need some solid work.   oh and almost forgot. its massive p2w
76561198056824475,Recommended,436520,25411512,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔMyNameIsJordan,Great game... even thou I stuck at the tree(bug) ._.By the wayLine of Sight=Combat arms c: in case you guys don't know
,Not Recommended,436520,29711166,Posted: 4 February,all,WolfyAndSteve,"In my honest opinion, it's a pretty bland and boring game.  It's just lacking in uniqueness, that's probably why it's so hard to recommend the game.  I mean, sure, there were special powers but I barely saw anyone use them.  It's just your generic free to play first person shooter with pay to win elements.  The graphics are pretty bad, map design is bad, gunplay is meh.  Overall, don't waste your time with this game and play something else."
,Not Recommended,436520,29704588,Posted: 4 February,all,ItsYaBoiSkinnyPeen,90% of NA server players don't even live in North America.13/10 Would die to lag again
,Recommended,436520,25511742,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,raideN,Very Nice Game!The developer try their best and work really hard and effective to this game! They try to make the best out of the community ideas and they also try to do it as fast as possible! There were many nice patches in a close time which made the game so much better! They also try to ban the hackers as fast as possible and they do it really effective! I can just rate the game to all of you who like Shooter/different modes/abilities/many possible setting! I think the 10€ are a very good investation! I hope you will have the same fun like me in this game!
,Recommended,436520,25427338,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[L]therael*,"Sad to see that during the 2nd day of release, hackers are already around. Not many though just a few. There are a few things that needs to be fixed.- weapon swap is too slow making aggressive sniping almost impossible- enhance the anti cheat- Hit registering is completely rubbish"
76561198315845749,Recommended,436520,25426875,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Microdot,"wELL guess i need to give my opinion about this game first this game still in early access which is some might not work while in game, Devs are still working to fix some  bugs, second graphics is pretty much generic still need a little bit of optimize neither Graphics or Game FPS optimizaton, third its well prepared as new generation of Combat Arm  RECOMENDED TO PLAY THIS GAME thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,436520,29643308,Posted: 1 February,all,VystreloK,"Currently, it takes a ridiculously long time to purchase a weapon permanently. It is a similar rental system as Blacklight Retribution in which you need to keep grinding just to keep renting the same gun. Cosmetics are all premium currency. Gameplay is solid but feels like a slightly updated combat arms. Hope to see future updates."
76561198161070706,Recommended,436520,25475747,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Noonga,"If you're an original combat arms player you will love this game, highly recommend it and can't wait to see this game grow. I played combat arms from beta 08 and quit in 2015 due to merging and giving Australians/nz players terrible ping in global. Hopefully this game can offer better connection for oceanic players!"
76561198313271251,Not Recommended,436520,26254565,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,夜夜笙歌枪不倒,honestly i dont sugget u to buy this game its not fully developed and the blow feedback was really bad
,Recommended,436520,25486786,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Study,Game is fun and has potential to be even better. Worth the small fee as the devs listen to the community and want to make improvments.
,Not Recommended,436520,25472480,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DouxIsDead,"This game feels like if blacklight had a very bad budget, you still have a premium currency. It has a very anime feel to it, that I do not like. Gun play does not feel good at all, i.e you have to jump or crouch peek corners in order to even get a kill. It seems like a jumping fest half of the time.Needs work IMO,TLDR; Very anime arcady game, with okay gunplay, you have to spend real money to get permenant weapons. No real strategys to kill, just jump or crouch corners."
,Recommended,436520,25419731,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,rubert,"its fun, quite good. great customization, decent graphics, really fun"
,Recommended,436520,25415668,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,11-FiNGERs,Good Game so far..just have to fix a few bugs..i realise switching weapon is way to slow..and i hope there will be ranking system in the future..and i think the pings are also not stable yet..other then dat game is awsome..need more characters too n customization
,Recommended,436520,25523582,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Your Husbando,Getting cucked by Nexon must be one of the worst feelings in the world.
76561198123072370,Recommended,436520,25477683,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tooney,"From the amount of scrims i've played already against eu and na clans/teams the game feels really nice in a 5v5 comp setting. The only issues i'm currently having is the SND round timer is too long atm and im hoping it gets decreased soon also some of the ""hair glitches"" are way too broken. The game doesn't feel as good as other f2p shooters right now but with time and hard work from the devs i can see it being up there in no time."
,Recommended,436520,25577210,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,WhyNoRevive,"Definitely a new FPS game that has the potential to be a great competitive & casual shooter.  There will be growing pains, but since launch the dev's have been very honest and forthcoming with a lot of updates & limitations.  Great thing though, the limitations are minor fixes to accommodate both competitive & casual suggestions. Another cool thing is EVERYTHING from server-client to player settings is completely customizable (including guns, equip, skins) And with their competitive only (classic) game mode you can remove all casual aspects of the game.  They will need to re-work the map geometry/gun recoil & spread/and a graphics update. Overall though 9/10 for a game in beta."
,Not Recommended,436520,29662479,Posted: 2 February,all,still kinda hungry,Pros:Character CustomizationWeapon CustomizationCons:Clunky gameplayBad TTKGems everywhereAbsurd amount of grind
,Recommended,436520,25503362,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,will,Hello comrades! I'm a competitive player from many other games. I've gotten to around main level in CSGO got accolades in Warface and now at the top of the LOS scene. I only have a few issues with this game. 1. ADS is too slow. 2. The time between sprinting and being able to shoot is too long. 3. Snipers are OP and im a sniper main. 4. Scar is OP. 5. Hit reg is spotty. 6. Damage ratios are dumb and armour/helmet makes it worse.
76561198092344765,Recommended,436520,25410056,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Waddles,they should have release it with more stuff but they just released it today we will seenice game anyway
,Recommended,436520,25420721,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Em1L,This game is awesome but i dont think it will work if you have a bad graphic card but great game blackspot
,Recommended,436520,25433560,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Svent 4%,This is a good game.
76561198316011815,Recommended,436520,25488017,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PepsiStrong,"It is very interesting that can be quite finely set the appearance of the characters and equipment.In addition, the game itself is also interesting.I recommend if this price."
,Recommended,436520,25475988,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jblade35,"Lots of potential, the game is pretty fun as is and the weapon customisation has a fair amount of depth to it."
,Recommended,436520,25416601,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,-UrbanOzzy-,Crossfire + Battlefield = Line Of Sight!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ^_^!
,Recommended,436520,25536761,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Iza,"Hope to see this game grow, loved CA cant wait to see what the future holds."
,Recommended,436520,25541585,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,peler kuda mabok,"gud game ,but change the symbol after killing a person ,and it sounds to overhyped after killing an enemy"
,Recommended,436520,29731453,Posted: 5 February,all,Zaanko,"Game is decent and quite fun. Gave it a quick tryout and might play it for a few days. Main problem for me is that there is currently no European server. So whatever game I join... I'll always end up with 100+ ping. However even when my ping is that high it doesn't feel that bad. Graphics are Okay, but nothing special.The game is a generic shooter with a lot of game modes. The only thing that makes it different from other similar games is the fact that you have abilities (similar to those found in MOBAs)"
,Recommended,436520,25416927,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kurow,"Pro:+ Many Options to customize Character and Guns+ Starter Pack includes Permanent Character, Weapons and a great Skin+ Gameplay is simple but funContra:- Character Movement feels weird- Snipers are everywhere- Can't change viewmodel to leftAll in all I can say that this game is pretty cheap and is fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,436520,25417102,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rexavert,Game is still in early access/beta but it has a good foundation and honestly good devs behind it (hard to get those these days).Overall 5/7 would meme again.
76561198143339928,Recommended,436520,25478618,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jeaff,"So I have played a bout 30 minutes, and this is what I got:-----------------------------------------------------------You probably will not get any kills with the sniper at first (if you haven't played Combat Arms)People are helpfullYou won't get any guns instantly, you have to be patientOne of the most important thing is OpticsYou won't start with any moneyMaps aren't that goodGun play is awesomeSkills awesomeAnimations are goodVoices mehThe Skills things might get your fps go downGraphics are goodShop is the worst thing, really really expensiveGrinding is not gonna happen, every gun is permamenlty over 300,000 cpSo are the gun partsin a normal match, you get 300 cp-----------------------------------------------SUMMARY: Maps should be changed, the community is great, there aren't any kids or people who ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game. Definitly change the shopGreat work with the game"
,Recommended,436520,25582870,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,JDMuñoz,"The game is fair, balanced and not pay2win. The only things to buy exclusively with real money are cosmetics.The game will have a big competitive scene and ingame ranking, there are already many esports teams (and players looking for teams) ready to start their new competitive adventure.At first it might look an extremely bad game, or that was my opinion. But after playing for about 1.5 hours, I slowly started to like the game. I recommend to buy the starters pack and come try it out.Just be sure that it will take some time to get used to the playstyle of this game. The movements and feeling are just a tiny bit different and it takes getting used to.Don't like the special 'super human' things ingame? You can just play the classic mode, which is popular as well and play the game like a modern shooter without future elements."
,Not Recommended,436520,29981283,Posted: 17 February,all,Prosciutto,Game mechanics are just bad. Bullets don't go where you aim. There are better free games to play.
76561198061285534,Recommended,436520,25503323,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,wRaaaaaTh,"nearly 50 hours, amazing potential. got founder due to how much fun it is atm, there are some bugs but it just released so you gotta cut them some slack"
,Not Recommended,436520,29835755,Posted: 10 February,all,TheMatthew562,Pay 2 win to the max can only buy like 5 guns max from the entire store with game currency and to buy them permanet cost 150k or more and if you wanted to customize the gun gonna cost you another 50k so just to get a good gun in this game cost 200k all the other guns in this game cost 10$ or more just horrible pay 2 win do not install this game.
,Recommended,436520,25503152,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,NouStaa,"Nice game, Developpers listen the communuity for their patchs and patch the game often.Really nice Gameplay. Worth the price."
,Recommended,436520,29687979,Posted: 4 February,all,LemonKush,"This review was written with only a few hours of gameplay and I will update it in the future (maybe)Hmm... This game isn't bad and overall it's enjoyable with friends but there are a few things that I don't like personally and a few things I'm sure some people may have a problem with.The first thing I had a problem with is the map, specifically in ""The Duel"" mode where it is a 1v1 arena style game mode. Now, this is a fun game mode but it's fun because it ""should"" pin two players skill level and awareness against each other but sadly the big mini map and holding tab shows the enemy's location all the time (not only if they shot).Now other than that I don't really have any issues with the game, I started the game with an open mind that It's probably not a high-end top tier game and that it is F2P but for review purposes, I will include some things people mind have a problem with.Obtaining Weapons/GearIt's an F2P game so obtaining gear can be lengthy but LoS uses a rent/save system to obtain gear. This means you will use your currency to obtain guns or gear for a limited time or pay a bigger price tag for a permanent version. This means you may have to play actively if you want that gun that you prefer, now that doesn't sound that bad to me but there is a catch! Not only is there timed weapons and gear but each weapon has attachments you can add depending on your preferences and these are also timed or required to pay a large price for it permanently.This means to get everything you want permanently it requires a lot of time played to farm those credits or dish out some real money and guy them with gems (paid currency) but the good thing is that almost everything can be purchased by in-game credits.---Experience: Fun/Playful (game didn't feel pressuring to try hard)Overall Thoughts: I won't try review too much more of the game just yet since I haven't really put in a reasonable amount of time to judge the game as a whole. I will suggest you give it a try but don't expect a top tier first person shooter."
76561198084926339,Not Recommended,436520,29862020,Posted: 11 February,all,hamurabi11,"Hmm, this is my first review so bare with me.*Connection to server has been terminated*This is a sight you'll see a lot.Pros:Pretty fun.Games are fast paced.Items/weapons that aren't locked by gem paywalls are easy enough to obtain.Pure FPS, very little tinkering to the basic format.Cons:Poor optimasation for everything.Graphics are 6/10, even on high they are pretty ugly.Gun customization isn't in depth enough to compete with other sames in it's genre.Character customization and most skins are locked behind paywalls using a ""gem"" currency.Character feels ridiculously slow.Maps are huge. Too Huge.Claims to want to be an esports title but has gameplay even worse than CS;GO with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ladder system.Emphasis on playing with friends and very little optimisation for a solo que experienceToo many players per game modeWay too many game modesWhat to drop:Extra game modesSpecial abilitiesPaywallYour awful menusWhat to optimise:Character movement (It feels very clunky)Graphics (2017 and you still auto launch your game in 1600x900?)Gun customization (not enough options, if it's a selling point you need more. Unlocks through achievs are never a bad thing)Queue times (even qued for everything it takes for ♥♥♥♥ing ever)Team death match modeFree for all modeYour main menu (It's way too clunky and forgets a lot of rules of good design)Maps (size, spawns, exploits)RANKING! Please dear god include a ranked system and competetive modes.Conclusion:I think where this game went wrong is it added to many features. It tried to be too much and couldn't fill the shoes the game developers set for it. This game reminds me of the crippled shell of an idea that got too far to scrap so they slapped some servers to it and released it. I think this developer forgot something that a lot of developers forget; perfect your mechanics!OPTIMISE YOUR GAME! SELL IT ON STEAM FOR 25$ AND GET RID OF YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T CASH GRAB SKINS WITH A GAME THAT HAS RELEVENT SUBSTANCE!"
76561197984826456,Not Recommended,436520,25865017,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,28-Valeman Avenue,"As a 10 Year Steam Veteran, Rare encounter such behavior, Mistreating player for supporting their game.Line of Sight Staff Management trying bring their colleagues to write good things (bias reviews) about this game by giving FAVORITISM or some sort of payday. The staff unprofessionally edited my text then banned me. A Staff Member Calling people F""""*GOTS"" The Staff Members.The Staff Banned me from Line of Sight Community forums after posting my voice about favoring a user with a free item. There was noting wrong with that user name. The staff refuse give equal opportunity (giving the items to everyone).The staffs wants to ban user who speak of so less people will heard about it.  These allegations are true and highly unprofessional.Line of Sight Management tries denied the favoritism, but proceed on favoring the same person who proceed on demanding.http://steamcommunity.com/app/436520/discussions/0/350543389020178194/Line of Sight Management ban people for voices here on Steam Forums (Even if you complied with the rules)Running like a PRIVATESERVER.A disappointment from a legal server allowing such favoritism.I am standing with people who are disappointed with this behaviorhttp://i67.tinypic.com/2qn9pqg.jpg"
76561198099665964,Not Recommended,436520,29660092,Posted: 2 February,all,Squatch Caution,Well to be honest all it did was crash and say server issues ..... Game sucks to be honest very bland. Just go download dirty bomb.
,Recommended,436520,25445040,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Rafael,"Cool game, don't recomend you to buy the game because it's not worth 10 dollars, it'll be Ftp soonPros:Good GraphicsWeapon CostumisationGood Community (but small)Noob friendlyFun to playCons:Bad Sound QualitySome weapons seem not to have recoilA bit buggyMessy menu"
,Recommended,436520,25415705,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Challenge Butter,"I like this game, plays pretty much like combat arms but looks way better and feels a little smoother. Few minor bugs given that it's early access but nothing game breaking and also not too much content yet but for the price I feel it's definitely worth it. I myself will be putting quite a few hours into it just having fun if the community grows as big as combat arms did."
,Recommended,436520,25529985,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,K1ms0n,Pretty good game which shows a lot of potential while being still in EA mode. I also like the communication with the developers who try to listen to what the community wants.
,Recommended,436520,25537581,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/KleesStyle,Best game i've played to thus far. It's still in early access and it's better than i expected it to be.
,Recommended,436520,25538476,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,LezWin,This game is rilly cool fun and hard some time's
,Recommended,436520,25541790,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,JessieKatt,"This game is soild for early acess, of course new things are going to slowly be added and changed over time but in my opinion its so far so good!"
,Recommended,436520,25415812,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HEXOR,"A very promising and progressive game.Each and every patch so far has brought some major improvements to the gameplay and ingame world. The developer stays in close contact with the community and makes a lot of wishes and suggestions come true and that at a rather fast paste, looking at how small Blackspot is.Dev team also really likes the idea of their game being competetive. In order to make that happen they work hard on fairness, balanced gameplay, practical and reasonable use of any items ingame and work close together with the community and the ESL.Starting with Go4 Cups soon i can also imagine that there will be a Pro-League at some point.PROS-+Weapon customization and Firing Range [awesome tools that really gives you the feel of playing and favouring your own individual style.]+Ranking and Statistics System [the most advanced i have seen so far from any FPS Game, the only thing that tops it is ESEA Profile Statistics.]+Matchmaking system that rewards different kind of Clan-Systems [most active, best results and so on]+NOT PayToWin! [The only thing that can be obtained by real money are Camos,Skins, Appearences.]I should mention that right now you can also buy weapons with real money and probably you will be able to buy them in the future, however the dev team has a good solution on the issue that you will be still able to play the game without any disadvantage over someone that spends lot of money in here if it comes to how fast you obtain weapons. This solution seems to be in work already.CONS-+Very small playerbase duo to missing content [to spend more money on developing rather than having alot of cost maintaining all the content that is already in the game but deactivated for that reason]+No Anti-Cheat except VAC [GM's ban ragehacker rather quick if people report. I personally do not see any hackers but there are some complains, the anti cheat is expensive and will be here for release, not for early access]+Small contents, alot of not activated stuff [to spare some money and keep the game alive and ready for improvements]+A few glitches and clunky gamefeeling [which blackspot knows about and is currently working on]Overall, i can advice you to spend those 10 Bucks on the game. It really is worth it and well spend money. Do not get scared away by the low playerbase that makes it hard to find any game at certain times. Yes, it is annoying but looking at how good the game already is and how much got improved already in just 1 month, you can bet that there will be alot of players as soon as there is more content."
,Recommended,436520,25416621,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,FourLime,"Well I don't know about you but I sure love this game! Been playing Combat Arms for years and years and now i'm on to this one! Now I know Nexon droped this and now Blackspot has it but still sure feels like Combat Arms! Just the sprinting sound is a little weird when you can hear your char breath over and over the moment you start run, and it sure needs ALOT bigger maps.. ALOT BIGGER! Hate the small maps.. it is like ""Deathroom"" in combat arms, I always avoided them to play snow valley or oil rig.. good old maps ;)"
,Recommended,436520,25429433,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,joe,surprisingly fun
,Not Recommended,436520,28260342,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tengu,"Really looked forward to this game, it finally came out, i got it, i tried it, i was immediately repulsed.What i expected: Great gunplay, bullet penetration, amazing customization, engaging gameplay.What i found: completely abyssmal lack in content, extremely eye gouging prices for both cash and in game currency (Im talking, you only get like 0.5% of the money needed to buy a gun permanently per game that lasts 10 minutes. Which means in order to customize a weapon fully, you need maybe 200 hours just to get one weapon. One.)No one also plays this game, i tried this game on multiple occasions and have yet to see another person playing that isnt doing bot matches trying to farm. The gameplay is extremely lacking, theres hardly ANY maps in the game to play on, theres no way to get more ammo except for respawning, and the time to kill enemies is pretty high for a tactical FPS if you dont score a headshot, im talking half a magazine of direct hits on the body just to kill someone. But a single headshot of the same gun will instakill.Overall: The game could have great potential if it werent for how god awful the person in charge of the marketing team really destroyed this game's arrival. Theres tons of competition (Black light Retribution, Ghost in the shell, War Inc, etc) that hit the exact same market better than the idiot who set the pricetags in Line of Sight. If they actually set up an appropriate feasable price range for it's target customer players, then maybe they could fund to un-!@#$ their game. I'm hoping but not betting. Buyer Beware!"
76561198131104402,Recommended,436520,25607829,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Grishh,Solid game. GREAT platform for competitive play. Growing everyday. 10/10.
76561198187611483,Recommended,436520,25587554,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,LUCKYWOOX,"nice game, nice developers! They care about the community!"
,Recommended,436520,25421824,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Lukas,Very Broken but the game is in an early build.I think it has a ton of potential.
,Recommended,436520,25501814,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Patrick Bateman,"Okay so ive played this for some hours and i completly love it,  i recommend it for everyone who wants to try it out!  The game looks amazing and it plays fantastic.  The gun play feels a bit odd at first but after 20-30 mins it feels superb.  The customaztion is amazing in this game you can make it how ever you like it.ITs not one of those pay2win you can pay everything with the ingame currency the only thing you can buy with the game money you buy is skins and buy to progress faster instead of saving up.And rumors are saying it will go free to play somewhere in 2017 to bring even more players to the tabel."
,Recommended,436520,25503201,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,TrueFate * w0w,"Im not the Person who buys Early Access games, because most of them just let their Community down. Didnt played that much yet and just own this game for like 1 day, but I can say I sold my Overwatch Copy for that game.One of the best things is that the devs listening to the community and respond in a good and fast way. They like to know our opinion and try to get them Ingame.Sure it isnt a perfect game yet, but I really like it and will spend more time in the game.Weapon customization rocks! :)"
,Not Recommended,436520,25906419,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zwifs,"[ TERRIBLE GAME ]I know it is a Early Access but this game is such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.1. Sniper doesn't 1 Kill from a 2 meter distance Body shot- I tested this couple times to make sure it was not a onetimer2. Weapon Balance- Horrible some tuned guns can kill me in a jump with 4 hits no HS.- Somes I need 3 Headshots and then not a kill3. Cheating- Suspect bad anti cheat since I have seen people constent Headshot prefire also trough some small walls4. ""play games casually for fun or competitively for E-Sports""- Shooter game that only involves jumping is not really competitive ( In my eyes )"
76561197991718753,Recommended,436520,25414057,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,FLUFFEHCORGI,As of now the 10bucks paid to buy EA feels like a mixed bag.The bad:It hasnt changed since the EU Alpha test on nexon aside than the hitreg is now client side so you will be hitting you shots on target as long as your weapon has the accuracy to do so.The magnifications on weapon sights are incorrectly rendered the 4x32 scope is more like a 2.5x magnification.There are some problems with bullet sponging at long range if you arent sniping which is more often than you think since the average engagement distance is approximately 25-35m and there are going to spots where your assault rifle will feel like a squirt gun.Headglitching is an issue (bullets fire out of the forehead instead of the weapon) so if you are going up against a sniper in an entrenched position doing just that you are outta luck.As of right now there is no way to change gamma or brightness making some dark spots hard to see. There is a slight greyish overtone to it so that could be a problem with color blind players. Objects block the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you everywhere.In some maps its so bad you cant move 3feet without tripping on something which can get really annoying.The good:Gameplay is fun and decently paced.Sounds are crisp and audio cues are sharp and clearly audible.Weapons have tons of mods making different playstyles possible with the same weapon. Superpowers are fun!!!!Founders pack weapons arent P2W. This and exactly this. I was half expecting people with founders pack weapons to be dropping everyone else like flies but the weapons perform similarly to what you get in the shop.Gems can be earned through ranked matchmaking when it releases.The indifferent:The vaulting system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can enter the vault animation and then find out you actually cant vault over the object or through the window.The primary weapons feel static and have extremely low recoil.Client side hitreg. This is a huge problem. Dying around corners is just one of the things that comes with korean developed games so it shouldn't suprise anyone.Foilage in maps. I know tthe developers are trying to make something different but god dam the foiliage is annoying as hell.Red outlines on enemies. Not sure if they wanted to make the game more casual or something else because the red outline is clearly visable across the freaking map. Silver lining is you can turn it off if you are a room host.Weapons have a 1.5second delay after reloading to fire. Not entirely sure why this is happening but it can be extremely fustrating especially for agressive playersWeapon rotations. It costs almost half a million to buy a weapon and mod it out permanently. 7 days cost 50k which is kinda steep considering how much money you make a match.For a game that is in Early Access its decently done. I have high hopes for it since its still Early Access but time will tell. There seems to be sort of a pay for convinence model as you can buy shop weapons with cash currency but it still remains to be seen if that will have any sort of impact on the game itself.
,Recommended,436520,25446608,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,killer4418FPS,"To be honest, I did not expect this game to be how it actually was. In the original Combat Arms: Line of Sight, the accolades were in until-you-die format, which made gameplay slower. In this version of Line of Sight, that was changed. Timed accolades made the game much more fast. I had heard that the gameplay would be really fast, but I never thought it would be this fast. After playing the game for about 6 hours in total, I noticed only a few bugs. When someone gets killed, sometimes the body jumps up into the air and falls back down. Another thing I thought should be fixed is the AI TDM. Usually the enemy AIs only try to exit their base from one way, and the players can just crowd the door, getting easy Unbelievables. Other than that, this game exceeded my expectation. A very strong 9.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,436520,25502927,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Adi,Average
,Recommended,436520,25620794,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Commissar Vodka,This game is such an underrated gem..If you love fps..If you love weapon & character customization..Heck if you love zombie defense games..It's £6.99 go get it.. Such a great game but because it doesn't market itself much if anything.. The playerbase is quite smallIt's a great game go pick it up!
,Recommended,436520,29652801,Posted: 2 February,all,johnyF,"Well, it's is a good game. The graphics are good, it's fun to play, the super-powers are interesting. It's your all around standard FPS, with some things added, like super-powers and a really good weapon modification system.The only issue I have with the game are the prices. The shotgun that is unlocked by default for purchase costs a ""small"" price of above 200.000 Game Points. Like this shotgun, most weapons are extremely expensive if you pretend to buy permanently."
76561198007637023,Not Recommended,436520,25729436,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[CA]deusex2,"Terrible optimization, networking, feels like tick rate is extremely low, terrible hit detection, extreme grind for permanent purchase and high loan prices for weapons. To make matters worse-weapons are locked behind level restriction, and if you wish to bypass it and not grind, say, 28 levels just to buy that one gun you like-you're forced to use premium currency in order to do so.Also, while this game supposedly costs 10$-don't full yourself, this is a typical f2p shooter with loaned guns/ludicrous overpriced permanent guns.Also, there's a good chance that the game is P2W. I say there's a chance, because cash shop houses,""rare,"" weapons which are only available for real currency purchase, as for weather they're P2W or not-it's simply imposible to tell, because outside of buying the weapon itself, there's no way of knowing it's actual stats.Long story short-stay away for now, because Gotham City Impostors is free and better than this.P.S. Oh yeah, let's add to it terrible maps design. Most of maps are terribly one-sided, more often than not, winning or losing simply depends on which side of the map you start.P.S2. Also, remember this game's super special shtick, psy/esp powers? Well, you can forget about it, because nobody plays matches with those. Maybe later it'll change, but for now everybody are playing classic TDM, with no super powers.P.S3. Oh, and for some reason the game keeps disconnecting me, coz network error, which only happens in this game... And when that happens during match-you lose everything(and in most cases yuor spot is taken by the time the game feels like letting you back in).P.S4. One second long spawn protection. Yeah, basically no spawn protection, by the time you respawn-you end up dying from spawn camper all over again before you even realize you're being shot at.P.S5. This one goes to crappy networking category-invisible people. Imagine this you run, there's nobody ahead of you, then suddenly you get one-shotted with headshot, and only THEN the shooter pops up out of nowhere. So yeah, if your opponent has 20 less ping than you, get ready to die from invisible people, a lot."
,Recommended,436520,25507004,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,dundeeyy,"This game is not bad for an EA (just average), and it has a potential like many people said, btw it isn't P2W at all (for now, and i hope it will be forever).I think people who ever played SF2 and BlackSquad might love this game, because this game kinda has the same feelings like them, but with ESP and Psionic and no P2W."
,Recommended,436520,25528348,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ichigo,this game is really nice even with his problems. the devs are doing alot for this game and try to fix alot of bugs. balance is made with feedback and devs are listening to its community
,Recommended,436520,25507825,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,R1p'Cav5e0fCvp6ead,"First I want to say this game is not a normal online FPS game.It has many staff that you can play with. You can use super ability and you can customize your weapons.Now there are not a lot of players in this game and it do not have many servers.But this is a game with a wonferful future, it is only on EA stage, more and more weapons and new magical skill can be add into this game.The game is not expensive and you do not need to consume your money after you buy the game if you want to save money.Anyway, I think we can try this game, it is not so good now, but give a chance to it and maybe in the Pro version it will become a fantastic game.XD"
,Recommended,436520,25508769,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sire,Line of Sight. Puts the lines in sight literally. It's that good. Fun fun. Nice one.
,Recommended,436520,25509162,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,arqtik,"Great game, great devs"
,Recommended,436520,25509205,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hostile,The game is great.Still needs a little work but its in early accesss and the developers seem to be trying very hard to please the community.
,Recommended,436520,25514411,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Squidward dab,This game is totaly worth the price.
,Recommended,436520,25515392,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[PSY] RealZezzo | Farmskins.com,Its an realy nice Game! Buy it :)
,Recommended,436520,25515657,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,hAKI,Best game! with some tournaments it will be better :)
76561198202977012,Recommended,436520,25521856,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,TheLionHartEX,Amazing Game Very Fluid and absolutely fun with friends for only $10. The only issue i have is the grind to permanatly unlock Guns is WAY to expensive but hopes for price drops in future updates are highly forseeable! Definelty Recommend Buying and Playing!!
,Recommended,436520,25409888,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,IZZY ツ,Remember the game is still early access. ITS NOT A FINISHED GAME THERE ARE BUGS. I HAD fun playing but..From what I have played so far the sniping feels clunky as well as some animations. The game is still somewhat fun but they need to smoothen things up.The graphics are great and feels very smooth and optimized. However it feels like textures are incomplete.Half the maps feel really well made and then half just feel like you can be camped at your spawn by snipers because its very open.Needs Australian servers.
,Recommended,436520,30163983,Posted: 25 February,all,90s cd rom,"From what I've played, this is a very, very good game, in a Beta-esque state. Some things do need to be tweaked and polished, but its fairly good so far.Bigger issues:-The UI in the menu is a bit cluttered and is a bit hard to navigate for a first time user. Some of the text is a bit small too, like the explaination of mods and the bonuses they provide.-The gun noises are fairly loud, while the voices of the characters are very, very quiet.-The climbing animations feel slow and clunky. If I was caught in the animation, I would most likely die, assuming the player shooting me isn't completely terrible. I usually circumvent it by jumping sideways or aiming then jumping over.-The AI mode was really bad. 70% of the AI are completely brain dead, walking up to a corner and shooting extremely loud sniper rifles and missing completely. (Never landing a shot.) While the other 30% are dead-on snipers, shooting your head in a blink of an eye. It feels like it's not my fault that I died, but rather that the game is shutting me down after a 5 kill streak. Especially since I had 97 kills, and all of my 17 deaths were to an AI that shot 1 bullet and hit my head faster than I can react.-On top of AI shutting you down, the AI usually get extremely aggressive and just spawn camps the enemy AI team. So what happens is just a lot of death at one side of the map.-Experienced a weird glitch whenever I use this game's equivalent of an ACOG scope where after 1 kill, the entire scope goes black and I can't see through it. There was also a small red dot sight where the reticle was too large and blurry, so I couldn't see through it very well. After further playing, this also happend while using the default L96 scope. Is this an anti-camp thing, or a glitch?-I'm not a fan of the Nut shot, but if there's a female equivalent, thats fine. Else, its a bit unbalanced for male characters to be a larger hitbox as well as having 2 one-hit kill hitboxes in exchange for like, +5 movement. (Guys have 80, Females have 75 or so.)-Possibly allow some way for sidearms to get ammo or something? While you can just replace your primary gun when empty, there isn't much you can do about an empty sidearm, from what I've seen anyways. It forces you to reload and die when you could have swapped to a loaded sidearm.-Maps I've played so far are almost claustrophobically small. I can usually see the enemies' spawn from my spawn. Snipers aren't really snipers in this situation and I typically see them used almost like a shotgun. Typically, the fights end up as spawn camping from both teams, since we can literally just shoot each other from spawn, more or less.-I haven't been able to play Defense Mode at all, since matchmaking for it is dead and creating a lobby generates almost 0 interest in players. When I was finally able to get 2 other players in, it wouldn't let me start because I needed more players. Max in lobby is 8. Hopefully you don't need 8 to start a game. Really, you should just be able to start with just 2 and have the rest join in after, else its just a long waiting game.Minor issues:-The animation while sprinting feels like I should be going faster than I am, but its a very minor issue.-When you reload while holding down the aim button, it doesn't sight you back in, so you have to let the button go and repress it to sight in again. Its really minor, but it would feel smoother.-Possibly buff the Training M4 and the basic M4. It feels a worse than the other guns. It just needs like, a 5% buff to its accuracy or do just a bit more damage.-The blink power is... odd to me. I can't tell where I'll end up or how far I'll be in relation to me, so I end up not using it at all. Possibly add an aiming thing like the one the grenade uses?Other than that stuff, the shooting felt good and the guns responded how I expect them to, for the most part. Runs smooth, looks fine, saw a decent ammount of customization, and not P2W. Hope the devs fixes these issues, cause this would make an extremely fun game.If I missed anything or am being super dumb, I played and wrote the review for this game at 3 am. Also, you guys missed and opportunity to call the game Line of PSIght. Or PSIghtlines. Or some other stupid puns. Puns are great.Oh yeah, 2/3 of the females are weirdly sexualized for some reason, and 1/5(?) guys is like, half naked.Its like, MGS sniper lady (all of the sniper ladies), Taki from Soul Caliber, and roid rage Pixel from Lazy Town.10/10 IGN"
76561198054753308,Recommended,436520,25509769,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Invincible Loli,"Still a work in progress,  the devs actually listens to the community and keeps the people notified of patches and changes.ProsSelf published and not ruled over to Nexon's Pay to winGreat custom on weapons, makes indiviualityhave a really hard zombie modeSmooth Unreal Engine graphicsConsHit markers need workHead shots needs ALOT of workWeapon currency is too dang high for a perm weaponThis is a short list that I can think of out of my head.  Overall it is not a bad game, be in mind it is self published and the Devs are going hard on this game.  So i praised them on that note. That is why its Early access to they can fixed the bugs and problems in the game by our feedback.________________________________________________________________________________Update on Review:i see alot of peeps on the review are very disgruntled on ""Pay to Win"" model.  Pretty much give the game a week. YOU GET GP FOR MISSONS AND OVERALL RANKING. since i got back on in December i made at least 100,000 GP due misson and gameplay (played around 2 hours a day, adult life). everybody got opinions, but if you just played and reviewed for 0.5 -1 hours, why bother?______________________________________Update on 20170606Noted that the devs are the nicest people in steam, if you write a review on some different game devs and you negatively reflects on the game they threaten you with legal action, listen. Blackspot listen to the gamers fixing up with patches and hearing our voices, again I have extensively played this game and tbh still has potential it just needs more in ground work than adding new content."
,Recommended,436520,25509614,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Juls ❧,In my opinion the game should definetly have a future since i'ver never seen any developer careing so much about their community. They are working nonstop to improve the game asap.I really love these damn guys.Keep it up and make the game great!
76561198282106629,Recommended,436520,29745285,Posted: 6 February,all,PLET_2428,"Brilliant first person shooter, just needs a few fixes but i am proud to be part of the devolopement! Extremely well balanced game and full of customizes and game modes! Fun with friends! What else do you want from a game?"
76561198113092770,Recommended,436520,30025655,Posted: 18 February,all,Him,"So this game is pretty good but they do need to maybe change/fix some stuff such as. the blink skill considering that it only takes you like 2 feet which just feels kinda weird to use. also they might want to change or just remake the zombies map because it is WAYYYY to small like i can only get to wave 3 because at that point there are ""zombies"" EVERYWHERE and theres nowhere to really get away from them i think they should at least add some more stuff to that map or something maybe some barricades? idk. either way it's a prettyyyyy dank game i would give it a 7/10                                       edit: one idea for making the zombie map better would be making the rate that they come out a bit slower also maybe make the time it takes to get ammo from the box's a bit shorter"
,Recommended,436520,29983692,Posted: 17 February,all,PaRaDaX,takes 1 million and 2 decades to get 1 ♥♥♥♥ing gun but overall its a pretty cool game
76561198329660268,Recommended,436520,25427958,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,bradleybald,bought and when i tired entering to the game it says line of sight has stopped....0/10 since i cant play ;(
,Recommended,436520,25428222,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Guru,It's a really fun game and the devs listen to the community which is really nice. I'm really excited to see what they do with the game later down the road. I'd give it a 8/10.
,Recommended,436520,25428615,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dakiii,"The game isn't perfect by any means, but I'm loving it so far.Movement and some animations feel clunky and need some re-work. It's only the game's first day, so I know that in the coming time we will have new maps, modes, weapons and attachments. I recommend it if you want a fast-paced FPS with a lot of stuff going on on your screen at due times."
,Recommended,436520,25522296,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Fr0styman25,like
,Recommended,436520,29894120,Posted: 13 February,all,Jerjello,"So, this is an fps that everyone who likes competitive games should give it a try. This game is definitelynota pay to win title, it just requires from you a liitle grind just because it's free to play. The best part about it, is the devs that listen and discuss with the community and they frequently update the game, fixing a lot of issues everytime. Sure, it still has some bugs and the servers can be unstable but I believe these are things that they will get fixed soon.Overall, a fun game with a competitive nature and with a lot of potential. Also it's free, so I don't see why you shouldn't give it a shot.Personal Rating:7.5/10"
,Recommended,436520,25527331,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,You'll prove it or I'll kill you,"A refreshing game that will bring you good memories. Fast paced, it's the kind of game where you pop in for a match, and stay for 5. Too bad the player base is a little scarse at the moment."
76561198121596042,Recommended,436520,25528756,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zrinox,"never before could get legit 10+ unbelieviables ,multikills,fantastics,etc in any online fps from one hour of gameplay"
,Recommended,436520,25414553,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Nyan Cat,"If you like playing Combat Arms I recommend it. However since it is early access keep in mind that it will have bugs and issues. It'll be FTP later on but for now if you buy the game you'll get some permanent stuff. Also if you want to buy stuff for permanent but dont want to pay actual money for it, start grinding for the weapon you want"
,Recommended,436520,25429230,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Manu,you can see your legs in early access 10/10
,Recommended,436520,25429179,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,B34ST,Good game i recommend this game to all who love fps games. This game will be awesome when more updates come i'm loving it.
,Recommended,436520,25452375,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Andromedus,takes me back to the good days of Combat Arms
76561198021660235,Recommended,436520,25434164,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,DarknessNine,"It's okay so far, but it needs more updates badly."
,Recommended,436520,25504798,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Kazbo,"There is potential. But for that potential to be fully realized, the game literally needs to be reworked from the ground up. It feels clunky, the animations, graphics, UI, gun mechanics, everything is severely outdated. The maps are poorly designed. Too cramped in some places, too open in others. Best of luck to the devs, positive rating so that this game at least has a chance."
76561197969000275,Recommended,436520,25477081,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TORNADOTOBi,"Nice game, Nice Play ! Would buy again 10/10 !"
76561198079499103,Recommended,436520,25504529,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/RageS1ayer,very good game would reccomend to anyone of my friends
,Recommended,436520,25545896,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,eS | Cry,"This is a good game! I recomended buy this game! Have bugs, its normal, is a recent game..."
76561197963478940,Recommended,436520,25416722,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,XeoN,"The reviews that are negative so far are mostly children who expected the game to be 100% release quality. The game is plainly listed as ""Early Access"". For an early access game it plays fairly well. Sometimes it gets a little laggy,but it's not game breaking. I assume there will be many updates as bug reports come in. From what I have seen from this developer so far they are doing an excellent job. They listen to the community. For $9.99 this game is well worth the price even in it's current state of early access."
76561198052269320,Recommended,436520,25449020,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoogleWasMyIdea,Awesome Game!! LOVE IT!!!
76561198121424435,Recommended,436520,25416647,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,✪Kenesto✪ cs.money,I think there some issues but its fun
,Recommended,436520,25496190,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,stim,yo it's fun.
76561198325741920,Recommended,436520,25444055,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,alieldawly4,"this game is fantastic realy i loved it , i think you will too specialy if you like combat armswepon customize and special abilities it is realy nice"
76561198095771372,Not Recommended,436520,26294133,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,IVV ToniWonka,"The game has some good ideas, but the team didn't put them into practice very well.1)You have great personalization of you weapons and character...oh wait, i have to pay more money for that?(yes, like a free-to-play game you have to pay for skins, weapon and boosts)2) None is playing(also beacuase the are no servers), the game is already dead3)snipers are opI hope they will change all this things than i'll turn back playing..."
76561198134988635,Recommended,436520,25442069,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Vander_GhostCZ Farmskins.com,Its Very good game. Good running with high FPS. Good weapon customization and cool maps. Thanks for this game.
,Not Recommended,436520,29614873,Posted: 31 January,all,QuePasa^,"At first I thought that this game is pretty bad.. Then, I actually played it for 2,4 hours, and realised that it isn't. It's super-bad. Generic f2p shooter that no one will remember after the ESL go4 tournaments are done.I might give it another try in a couple of days again, but it's unlikely that i'll change my opinion..."
,Recommended,436520,30114718,Posted: 23 February,all,Torpor,"One of those games that are amazingly fun to play with fast paced combat and stunning graphics for the space required. The weapon customization is suberb and fun to tweak around with in which you can end up with some interesting gun combinations. I see this game going quite far for what it brings in it's current state with wonky hit registry, unbalanced maps, and kinda overpriced shop items. I highly recommend giving it a try."
76561198153267213,Recommended,436520,30022877,Posted: 18 February,all,Mr.Nutastic,"Don't let the negative comments fool you, the game is actually pretty good when you start seeing how things work. It is true that the game is grindy but you if you get a free game you should expect it. Server connection for me myself is decent and have only been disconected once or twice because of netflix watchers using my wi-fi.7/10 for having some guns that can't be bought permantly"
,Recommended,436520,30023995,Posted: 18 February,all,shaw,rate this game 10/10 cuz sniping is 2 EZ......literally
76561198028730043,Recommended,436520,30024018,Posted: 18 February,all,Niko Niko Ni,"Its an a Alright game, Not Good and Not Bad. but its a game that i probs will only play for a bit and just get tired of."
76561198220999720,Recommended,436520,30027301,Posted: 18 February,all,Picky csgoatse.com,"Very Fun Game For It To Be Free. Planning On Playing alot More Of It, And it can Run On My Toaster Of a Computer. :)"
76561198307531642,Recommended,436520,30027444,Posted: 18 February,all,Someone,"I like it, good game"
,Recommended,436520,30031914,Posted: 19 February,all,koala,This is a good free to play alternative of CS:GO... In addition it has some cool new features...
,Recommended,436520,30032927,Posted: 19 February,all,mohfoor7,Amazing game- too much mods- nice graphicsi think it's  good than warface
,Recommended,436520,30033180,Posted: 19 February,all,ExorCisT,"It's a good game that has tons of potential, the developers needs to work on optimizing the game and make it smoother.(Also better anti-cheat is very welcomed, encountered a few aimbot)"
76561198272641064,Recommended,436520,30037987,Posted: 19 February,all,omaroov12,this is a very nice free fps it is pay to win but the competitiveness of this game is very nice i see this game in tournaments and i totally recomend it
,Recommended,436520,30040652,Posted: 19 February,all,Levi,"Well if you want a cod like game this might be a good game for you, i like it when i just want to have a good looking fps game that i can domitate a lobby in and if thats what you want definetly checkout this game."
76561197993623882,Recommended,436520,30041386,Posted: 19 February,all,<[MIA]> General Butch Army,"Awesome game, the more you play, the easier it gets. Don't quit after a few minutes of play thinking you can't win. You will die alot at first but as you upgrade and spend time playing you will get better weapons and skills. Practice your shots on the range, then go kill some enemys."
,Recommended,436520,30042953,Posted: 19 February,all,ＣｏｄｅＺ♠,♥♥♥♥ing amazing call of duty arcade fps game. super good time killer
,Recommended,436520,30046787,Posted: 19 February,all,Died...,The Beginning of something...
76561198133714928,Recommended,436520,30047263,Posted: 19 February,all,✪ GYFFN,It's Ight
76561198147981027,Recommended,436520,30048326,Posted: 19 February,all,commoondo,good game i only wish it could be used with a controller.
76561198060022243,Recommended,436520,30049009,Posted: 19 February,all,ken.henline,I like the game but I do not know how to get in the ai but I sill love the game :)
,Recommended,436520,30049531,Posted: 19 February,all,Pep,"I've only played it for roughly an hour (as of writing this) but combat feels hectic while arcadey, and its pretty funny with friends."
,Recommended,436520,30049593,Posted: 19 February,all,Cirver Zein,"Line of Sight is a newly released Free-to-Play MMOFPS which takes attributes from games like Black Ops with more generic shooters like BlackShot. I intended to try it out and see whether it is a suitable replacement for a fast-paced FPS like Black Ops 2 with its dying playerbase.The part that takes from more generic shooters would be the animations(fast but not super fast running) and highlighted enemies with flashy HUD for kills and headshots. I find it just a tad too flashy at times.Graphics are decent.The gunplay in the game is good but feels cartoony due to the speed at which you change weapons and use ironsight but the shooting does feel good.My main gripe would obtaining weapons and other upgrades. Like many of the other reviews have stated, they can either be 'rented' for a few weeks(I see 2 weeks at most) for a certain amount of in-game cash which you can earn or buy permanently with the 2nd in-game currency, gems, which you can also earn through daily log-ins (at least thats what I know so far). This is where, I think, most of the negative Pay-to-Win complaints come from as certain weapons and upgrades does give advantages to players that have them. The adavantages may be small but they are advantages nonetheless especially when you have many of them. Renting would still be okay but I find the prices very steep especially when earning from each match range around 300-400 gold and a weapon for rent costs about 6000 for 2 weeks.Note: You do get free weapons to use per week.The next problem would be inbalance teams which is quite common at the moment. Basically you can end up in teams like 5vs8 since some would leave and the system wouldn't balance them. Not to mention the fact that veteran players with better gear can end up in a match with newbies.Overall its a well made game."
76561198243452294,Recommended,436520,29760954,Posted: 7 February,all,Kawaii Desuu,well first sorry for my englishi played this game for almost 40h and im having so much fun right nowpeople can call it pay to win but before i got my first perm weapon the ak74u u used the m4a1 training and made to top 10 in the weekly ranks on headshots alsoi can t wait to play some more ladder mode with my clan but i think the prizes must be higher for 1 year time cuz only 600 gems for the first spot and a year of playing ladder is pretty bad
,Recommended,436520,25531523,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TWITCHIE224,its got potential but there seriously needs to be more NA servers. there is little to no one playing in north america.
76561198119483952,Recommended,436520,29887852,Posted: 12 February,all,taizai,Actually not bad so far tbh.. Its prety good and fun for what it offers compred to alot of others out there
,Recommended,436520,29805654,Posted: 9 February,all,Black Star,GG
76561198047269124,Recommended,436520,29682711,Posted: 3 February,all,Cuppiocaek,"While not a terrible game, it has many flaws.First off, the basic shooting mechanics, movement all that stuff is fine, in fact, its pretty great.But then...The kick on your weapon is so damn high it makes no sense.This game has ""rent a weapon"" which is very, very annoying, actually buying a weapon takes a HUGE grind.Visually... its like a 2010 game, maybe even earlier.Have to pay $$ or grind to play as a chick, which these days is just kinda lame, especially since they're the only visually interesting characters you can play as.There are 'abilities' that you can use, they're ultimately useless and dont really fit in the game at all.Spawn camping is a HUGE issue, dont know why though.Maps are small, Cod like, dissappointing.Other than that, if you just want a F2P shooter that you can screw around in, with devs who do seem dedicated to their game, then here you go.Overall, about a 6/10, the weapon customization is a definite ++"
,Not Recommended,436520,30213728,Posted: 26 February,all,Wav3yZaba,Cant get into a game
76561198331193265,Recommended,436520,30097329,Posted: 22 February,all,NasH,"I been playing this games for a week now, and its very addicting!!"
,Recommended,436520,29970459,Posted: 16 February,all,Qyre,Норм игрушка терпеть можно
,Recommended,436520,29952108,Posted: 15 February,all,Butt Touch,"Honestly, I didnt expect much from this game. Coming from many FPS games and one in particular Combat Arms ( 2009 ). But, it surprised me. The combat is fun although without the in game money to outfit your gun it is a bit hard. ( took me about 24 hours to get full equiped M4 perm ). The customization is a nice feature and works well.Now the few turn offs. Maps are a bit to simple and narrow usually ending up a giant sniper camp battle. Ping issues with very often other people from around the world in NA servers with 200+ ping. NA servers most ive seen on east or west at MOST so far was 12 rooms with maybe 3 or 4 full. I wish people would ignore the ratings and at least give it a try ^^"
76561198108744063,Recommended,436520,29998602,Posted: 17 February,all,PENGGOY,why my ping is so high? or fps?
,Recommended,436520,29976947,Posted: 16 February,all,fadingmender,This game is like Combat Arms but (in my opinion) better.
,Recommended,436520,29977202,Posted: 16 February,all,[.:99:.] CuddleTank™,"I would reccomend the game because if your a CoD player or any shooting game player this game is for you, plus its free!"
76561198158475928,Not Recommended,436520,29648046,Posted: 2 February,all,yeet boi,It is the battlefield bad company of the call of duty seriesits good its fast and its funbut its pay to win as f.uc.kBlackSpot do something fast or watch the game die slowly.You c.u.n.t.s.
76561198207605785,Recommended,436520,30004426,Posted: 18 February,all,GuZ0NjA raffletrades.com,"The game is really good and fun and you should try it out, but i saw in the second trailer a zombie mode and i cant find it in the game so i dont know if they added it yet but still i would give the game a 4/5 becouse its awesome but it still needs to be fixed a little bit like for an exemple sometimes when i die i dont see me falling but in the air.But the game is good and you should try it and its really addictive."
,Recommended,436520,30008643,Posted: 18 February,all,Jew Gates,pretty good game 10/10
,Not Recommended,436520,30186377,Posted: 25 February,all,SmartBanana,I thought this game looked fun from the screenshots and the videos....and then I played it. Just no.
,Recommended,436520,30003354,Posted: 18 February,all,EssenceOfDragons,"Pretty neat game, it's developed by a small team like 3-5 people i think it was, the game will remind you off Call of Duty on ground, but it has a skill cap unlike CoD.. Cod was typically a game where you had to camp to get great k/d not neccesary the same thing on this due to people having speciel abilities - example you can teleport at the cost of Health and Ability power ( Ability power regenerates over time ) or set flames in a area, spawn medic , shoch push everybody in a area, or just be total stealth during a match as you use a zero footstep sound ability.. there's alot of choices even crashing satilittes from the sky down on the map to kill campers.Many says they're having a p2w system i must disagree the current premium item of the rifles have similiar stats to the m4a1 which is alleredy godlike... the m4a1 is the answer to everything with 1 shot to the head mechanism.the game seems to be balanced snipers on certain maps are op, and others they're just viable so you won't have games where you had to snipe as long as your aim is decent.There is no armor feature, why do i say this? bcz armor destroys every f2p game, warface... warface was fun in the start until you get into pro server and ppl run around with armor you need shot 7 times.there's isn't really a p2w aspect, the game features a way to achieve things faster but nothing amazing bcz guns unlocked later isn't the best anyway, the games being fast isn't accurate etc.overall this game is cool, i like it and enjoy it there's not really any hackers in the game, just the standard bad people war cry."
,Recommended,436520,30011106,Posted: 18 February,all,TurtlePilot,I rekt everyone in my lobby10/10 would get kicked again
,Recommended,436520,29750375,Posted: 6 February,all,SherryDragonair,"Well it has bad matchmaking, bad optimization, unbalanced gameplay but i still don't feel it as a pay 2 win gameas a free 2 play game it has some potential, just like warfaceif you can overlook the cons of lag, & match making it is still a good free to play game, and probably will be later optimized by the developers.if you are good at fps games this is no pay to win game, you can watch a gameplay video on my profile and judge it yourself :)"
,Recommended,436520,29785273,Posted: 8 February,all,Oh,Why me cant play this game ? Always Stuck but NC gamei play in Pc my friend this game so cool :D
,Not Recommended,436520,30210102,Posted: 26 February,all,twokn,Freaking terrible don't ever download this game just go play cod or something
,Recommended,436520,30015375,Posted: 18 February,all,mixtape,"the game is actually quite good, i went into this with the full expection   of a pay to win cash grab however i was surprised by the game.IT IS NOT PAY 2 WIN (all items can be bought with in-game money all be it it takes longer)"
76561198084758528,Not Recommended,436520,30170764,Posted: 25 February,all,Mashiro,"Ok, the graphics looked really good. The tutorial was ok. Very nice concept by adding in the special powers and such. HOWEVER now to the bad. I never got to play this game, the matchmaking queue just failed again, and again, and again. I like to actually play games that I have running. Not just sitting there watching people spam public chat with offensive names, statements, or visual spam by spamming abbreviations like TDM. Kind of what I was thinking about the matchmaking queue though. The store was very inprecise. Wouldn't let me upload gems (thank god since I""m already uninstalling) because I needed to have the steam overlay enabled. I was running it through steam but the shift+tab wasn't working in that game. The game wouldn't let me do a full screen mode that also showed my bottom bar. I had two absolute full screen modes that I couldn't tell the difference between, and a smaller windowed mode, that was tiny and only took up half of my screen. Would of been better to let me just click+drag to make the window the way I wanted it. Needs a more in depth options menu, smoother window making, smoother alt +tab back in to the game transition, streamlined queues or add bots to help supplement the queue for newer players.I'm really sad, this game looked like it would be so fun to actually get to play. =/"
,Not Recommended,436520,29950938,Posted: 15 February,all,RaFiK DaRk EviL,first of all i enjoyed how smooth gameplay is and i liked that this game has alot of modes so you dont get bored of game so quick and really liked gun customization but iam giving this negative review for some cons that may make game not enjoyable-first gp grind is very tedious as if game forces you to buy gems i played with more then 200% gp bonus and i top score but still gets like 300 its very little since permanent weapons requires 150000+ GP depending on weapon-if you planning on sticking with training weapon wich is starting weapon you will get 50% GP reduction for some reason-game has little bit of cheaters but i dont mind since i only found 1 out of 15 matches-if you buy guns attachments (optics.scopes.lasers...etc) for certain gun and you switch to another gun you have to buy them again idont know if this bug or game is like this-the way that guns will only last 3 days annoys me somehow-overall game has potential but in my opinion its watsed by how greedy game is you have  2 optins : grind for hours and hours or pay for guns
,Recommended,436520,29968040,Posted: 16 February,all,Thorkell,"I guess it's what a f2p fps game should be - realistic recoil, guns, guns and even more guns, but I don't really like it. Perhaps I've really lost touch for fps games because I haven't touched this genre of games for a really long time. The things I don't like about this game is how ""wonky"" it feels and I die first most of the time thanks to my horrible ping."
76561198044048283,Recommended,436520,29948101,Posted: 15 February,all,GrizzLord,"Good game, one problem is that you cant see your buddies sometimes"
,Recommended,436520,29654277,Posted: 2 February,all,PurpleShyGuy,"Ok, so I'm going to give my updated review for this game, I will attach my old one at the bottom so you can see what has changed over the course of this game's time.The dev's have done a fantastic job with this game and are probably one of the most community oriented people I've come across. There are some things to keep in mind regarding the reviews being posted, and I'll hit each major point here.[Pay 2 win] -Simply put, no, this game is not, nor was it ever. There is nothing in the cash shop that you can buy that will give you an advantage over someone else minus exp/gold boosters; every one of us should be used to those by now. All the weapons you see in the random box have the exact same stats as the free weapons you can earn. The only differences are the skins, that's it. You can purchase all gun attachments with GP (not the cash shop), which means silencers, extended clips, barrels, scops, ect. The only thing you have to pay for are the cosmetics (camo's) which isn't a big deal at all considering Blackspot has provided us with login rewards and weekly bonuses for participating that will give you gems to buy these boxes with. This is NOT an issue under any circumstance for the time being.[Renting Weapons] -Yes, you can rent weapons or buy them permanently. A lot of people are against a rental system and I fully understand that position. The amount of GP you earn per match is still lower than it should be, but the prices for permanent weapons are pretty spot on. 144k isn't so bad when you realize there are 0 repair fees and it never has to be bought again...All in all, they are very proactive with updates, most of them being dedicated to weapon balance adjustments and GP price adjustments. There are a plethora of bug fixes as well that can be found in the patch notes posted on the forums. What we have now is a solid foundation for an FPS game with good graphics, good animations and a dev team that responds swiftly to community concerns. They even have a trello board we can all follow and see which of our suggestions was added to the list of upcoming features. If that doesn't make you happy then I dont know what will.Is the game perfect? No. I would like to see bigger maps, more bugs worked out in Snowy Cover and Cornflakes, higher GP earnings per match and a little more focus on the PvE mode Defense (personal preference). But they have my support and I take no issue paying for in game COSMETICS. They've come a long way with this game and I give it a 7/10 for the time being. There's always room for improvement, but it doesn't help when people leave reviews saying it's pay to win when it's clearly not.[read my Early Access review below]This review is mostly positive but there are somethings that grind my gears. TL;DR is that I do recommend buying this game not only because it's fun, but because it keeps the game in development and I truly want to see what this company has to offer for this title. Keep in mind this game is in early access so that is what I will be reviewing and taking into consideration. 7/10-=Pros=-- The game runs very well given how early in development it is.- The weapon tuning system, although bare bones, is far better than most other FPS games I've played. You can add lasers, different clips, body camo, optics, ect to your weapons.- You can buy a helmet (or any armor piece) then change its appearance to say, a boonie hat without losing the stats.- Graphics are just right in quality for this type of game, no complaints here.- An abundance of game modes already.- Psionics. Need I say more? Special abilities are always fun. Think of FEAR online mixed with COD kill streak rewards.- Weapon POV/Camera POV. This is a huge plus to me because I cant stand it when a gun takes up a third of my UI.- Daily, weekly AND monthly missions. I love to have that, nothing more needs to be said.- The option to buy Gems in $2 and $5 increments. I hate it when I'm forced to buy more than I need for something in game.- The biggest plus of them all, a ♥♥♥♥ing firing range to test weapons AND the mods to them before committing to a purchase. This is beyond helpful and I rarely see it in any games.-=Cons=-- Lack of AA, I would prefer my images to be smoother when my graphics are maxed out. I could always force it through my GFX card CP, but I'd like to have it in game as an option to increase.- Hit registration is pretty wonky. Snipers and knives are the most noticeably affected by this. There have been multiple times where I'm directly behind a player trying to knife them and it simply doesn't work.- No region locks. These need to be put in place to keep players from other countries out of each others servers so we can have the most consistent latency across all players. I realize this is early access so I wont complain about this too much. I hope you add that, however.- Lack of weapon variety (which I'm sure will come in due time)- Lack of map variety (same as above)All in all, I'm happy with my purchase so far and I look forward to seeing what you have to offer the game."
76561198250200862,Recommended,436520,30019195,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ Caaal,server keep on crashing
76561198136688232,Not Recommended,436520,29809775,Posted: 9 February,all,Megalids,Crashing simulator 2017.
,Recommended,436520,29949547,Posted: 15 February,all,potasium56,"I first wrote a bad review of this game when it just launched, but rewriting my review... Played some more of the game and got a feel for it...honestly its alright, but my only issue is the weapon and how you can only purchase them for xxx ammount of time. Thier is a perm option but it takes lots of in game currency..Would reccomend trying it out yourself"
,Recommended,436520,31059851,Posted: 10 April,all,Vertigo,"Very good game, great balanced and custimazation.Also has ESL for the players who like to play competitive."
,Recommended,436520,29695609,Posted: 4 February,all,unnamed.ender,"Straight of the bat with the graphics- They're amazing for a Free to play game (even though the anti-aliasing in menus and icons needs some working) everything is customizable and there are a lot of options for character design, and same goes for all the maps, which have excellent texturing.Onto the maps- of all of the ones i've played so far, they're quite good, but the game needs some team-team balancing, seeing some teams have easier access to strategic/camping areas that the other team does not, giving unfair advantage.Still on the map balancing, CQB maps need some -real- reworking and rebalancing, those small maps have some real tilt-edge design that makes sure that one team will almost ceirtainly win, if the players aren't complete newbies that is.Onto the prices of things and rewards: the GP reward for missions is kinda small, but thats okay, because your main income is going to come from daily missions and weekly rewards, the GP prices are really well balanced and I love that, and as long as you don't spend money with too many weapons and try to customize them all, you'll get enough reward money to keep buying that weapon and never run out of it. and while the GP prices are really good, the gem prices are really bad - well, not all of them, more specifically, cosmetic painting.I understand that caps, beards, goggles, helmets and all that should have a higher price, and with 120 gems per purchase, that price is very agreeable, but not the paints - I love winter camo, so much i wanted to paint my favorite M4 with full winter camo- accessories and everything, and i saw that the price for winter camo paint was 70 gems so i went 'yeah thats okay', so i go painting my accessories... and then the price was over 400 gems, for paint.While i don't think the prices of things like armor paint (because you're changing a lot of texture there) should be reduced (the 70 gems are okay for armor) the prices of weapon paints should be drastically reduced- i don't know how you guys balance that in the studios, but maybe 10-15 gems for attachments and 20-30 for the weapon body?Psionics are also a real lot of fun - while i don't really use the PK ones, I love the ESP's, my favorite so far is Decoy (I honestly love throwing one and running the opposite direction, then watch as my enemies shower it with bullets and then kill them all with headshots from behind- truly wonderful) and it is a mechanic which i haven't seen in many games, and the ones where i see, they aren't really balanced, in the case of this game, the AP-HP/Time recovery balancing of such skills is rather good. (even though i think some of the offensive ones need a slight buffing)Enough babblin' - TL;DR:Game is good, Graphics are kickass, Needs some rebalancing in maps and gems prices and they really need to work on menu icons because they're the ugliest things since my face, 7.5/10 would play this instead of other free-to-plays (or not, i don't know i haven't asked anyone else but thats what i think)"
76561198084551018,Recommended,436520,29801589,Posted: 9 February,all,SpaceMonkey,"It s a free game not that balanced, not the best but is fun"
,Not Recommended,436520,28191453,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nova Nihil,It's a good f2p shooter-with a pricetag on it.It's dead.Don't buy it.  If it goes f2p [as it should] then definitely give it a try but at this moment it is a waste of money.
,Recommended,436520,29629882,Posted: 1 February,all,Krinzex^^,.
76561198073853939,Not Recommended,436520,30153526,Posted: 24 February,all,SamAzing0,"Pretty crap tbf, funny for a few hours. No-scopers and quickscopers are going to have wet dreams when they play this game."
,Recommended,436520,30025160,Posted: 18 February,all,Diet Pepsi,Free COD
,Not Recommended,436520,30231894,Posted: 27 February,all,Bulbasaur,the game was mostly meh and lacks polish
76561198051199168,Recommended,436520,29766095,Posted: 7 February,all,KayKay,"Ive enjoyed this game a lot and so have my friends, kinda reminds us of Call of Duty...I hear people calling it pay to win which i disagree with and heres why-You get gp from Daily, Weekly and Monthly quests-You get gp from weekly leaderboards-You get gp from playing matches-Apparently you get diamonds for like an entire week if its your first tiome playing and you get diamonds from completing -certain achievements... You also get diamonds for being in a certain rank in comp.-Sure to get gun perm is very expensive but it is achievableNow i do have some cons-They have these skill sets called combat masteries where you can put points into it as you level up to increase certain skills or gain certian advantages like 15% headshot reduction or an increase your health by 5 or so (Which tiers to like 15).. Now this is kind of game breaking to a certain degree because some people seem absolutely unkillable. This in my opion needs to change to improve gameplay for everyone. Also i think that the basic m4a1 model should be customizable."
76561198278441213,Recommended,436520,30065058,Posted: 20 February,all,ʢ۩ʡ M2 ʢ۩ʡ D0DGER,Call of duty Black ops 3 free edition :P
,Recommended,436520,30163871,Posted: 25 February,all,✪ DemoN,"Make a ""costum choice profile picture"".Great game,great engine,full exp. of fps game!"
,Recommended,436520,29852353,Posted: 11 February,all,Midas Rahl,"Really fun game. Wish it stopped disconnecting me from server evreytime I get half way through a match! I tried to work with it for 6 straight hours. Verified integrity of the game cache, reinstalled it, and it still kicks me off every match. If that is recorded on my statistics as a lossed match I will wait another month to see if the problem persists. Otherwise if this game didn't have this issue I would be playing for a few months at the very least."
,Not Recommended,436520,30112076,Posted: 22 February,all,Fives,Shitier Version of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game known as COD
,Recommended,436520,29876590,Posted: 12 February,all,Mc VApOr W_A_v_e,Honestly listen to me... are you listening? Good... THIS IS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER well actually its just the best but  what i need to say is this if you are looking for a fps free no pay to win fun gameplay and mechanics the people that made this just crapd this out for you. I honestly wouldnt be suprised if this game became a sport or some esport for teams *cough cough* already made one *cough cough* and we have had a blas on team death match and search and destroy. Sadly the voice acting gets quite reapetative and what reallty need to be added is mic talk due to the fact that 1. in most fps it does hav mic talk. 3. most games now a days should really let you meet new people and talk. Say you were doing search and destroy  it is way harder to navigate through the map without a team to help because trying to erite in high tense moment is like trying to lift an elephant. So thank you for reading and have a nice day.
,Recommended,436520,30164361,Posted: 25 February,all,Austyn Cohen,Really fun with absolutely amazing graphics!
,Recommended,436520,29849872,Posted: 11 February,all,ADM,Game is good but...Connecting to server take longer timei got 2 times Servers are terminated per 72 minutes
,Recommended,436520,29669777,Posted: 3 February,all,AcApELa*|Asta-i Tooty,Nice game !
76561198012640339,Not Recommended,436520,29838202,Posted: 10 February,all,Nijades,"I don't want this to seem like a completely negative review, but as things stand I wouldn't continue playing for the long term. I'm having fun right now but I'm watching, like many others, to see where the developers take this.Pros:Gameplay is pretty smooth, all the guns I've tried feel powerful. Hit reg seems great for a new game especially. It's flashy and over the top when compared to other shooters which makes it feel different.-Customization is a great feature and a great way to utilize a cash shop.-There are always guns in rotation to use and experiment with before buying. A lot of people are complaining about the price of weapons, but I think it's silly. You gain minor benefits from owning and upgrading a weapon. It is earned over time, and while most people may not agree, I like having something to aim for. That could be improved, however.Con:There's only one, because everything else can be chalked up to the game being released under 2 weeks ago. For me it's the dealbreaker.- Expiring Items- I do not understand the idea of adding an expiration date to everything, even login rewards. I get why it COULD generate revenue to support the game, but it's not even remotely fun and I don't want to be forced to use something, or buy something, because of a made up expiration. Without an audience, you get no revenue anyway. Everything should be permanent (besides boosters obviously) even if it requires more work to aquire. Maybe a temporary option can remain for the low price, but I should be able to earn items through gameplay. You can't permanently own a new character or gun without using the cash shop currency (which can also be accrued through daily login, to be fair. Just very slowly and innefficiently). If I work for something, if I buy something, I want to be able to keep it. I wouldnt drive a rental to work every day, I own my own car. It's just a major pet peeve of mine, the Korean MMO concept of expiration dates. Buy this dragon mount and you can fly for 7 days then it's gone!*Currency earned after every match is also a bit low. It would have to be raised to compensate for removal of temporary items, but I don't think its absurd compared to other games."
76561198067010655,Not Recommended,436520,29848849,Posted: 11 February,all,Simply_Titan,The Servers are so slow! I only could play Tutorial before I gave up. It took 10 minutes to join the server... I gave up because of some more time problems
,Not Recommended,436520,29851015,Posted: 11 February,all,IronHound,"Servers are cancerous, gameplay alright, customization and guns very cool. Do not aproach until they fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥servers. Game crashing and not working as intended not even in the menus."
,Not Recommended,436520,30207660,Posted: 26 February,all,°✫•Lux Arcadia●•٠·˙,"This game is awesome, even though it's still in ""development"". The one thing that makes me furious is that if you don't waste your poor money you can't have good weapons and be undefeatable."
76561198366068562,Not Recommended,436520,30238136,Posted: 28 February,all,koryjk45,"I honestly really thought this game had potential like everyone else. Im not gonna sit here and ♥♥♥♥♥ about it being a P2W game, cus its not.What I will say..... The hitbox problem turns this game into pure exploitated crap. The headbox is so jacked, as well as the recoil latency on guns like the M14, which just royally ♥♥♥♥s the gameplay up. Whats even worse? If you play anytime after about 1 a.m. EST. Be prepared to play the same people the entire night. The playerbase is THAT pathetic. I wish they could fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Last time I played, I was paired up with the same 5 person clan about 4 times in a row. Whats even more frustrating is that they all sucked and were probably CS outcasts just trying to feel good, because the opposing team never had more than 4 players, just sad."
,Not Recommended,436520,30205317,Posted: 26 February,all,CommittedTub537,"Never seen a game with so much hackers. This one player got five headshots from my four other teamates and me, from  around a courner and we were all in different spots."
,Not Recommended,436520,29769481,Posted: 7 February,all,Pickle Rick,All i can say is if the special olypics team tried to remake COD this would be it. i have played a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥games on steam but this garbage takes the cake. even for a free game i felt i been ripped offand i almost forgot HACKERS!!!! TONS AND TONS AND TONS OF HACKERS!!! if you ever thought CSGO had blatent hackers wait till you see the♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game lol i seen people go 100+ kills and no deaths
,Recommended,436520,29755298,Posted: 6 February,all,MyLifeForAiur,"I'll address some comon complaints and list Pros and Cons.Common complaintsSnipers- Snipers have a very ""Soldier Front"" feel. They have perfect accuracy. No scope sway. Very fast target aquisition. Can be fired accurately during fast movement including jumping. Can be quick scoped. Instant kill to head and chest and fully tuned will one hit anywhere else (bolt action anyway, semis dont seem to). HOWEVER if you don't like them you can ban them from your lobby. Also they are very satisfying to play as its quite rewarding when you begin to get better with them. Easy to flank or outplay those that use them.Pay 2 Win- NO! It is not P2W. There is no advantage to buying with real cash other than to have things faster, or to have cosmetics. Buying permanent weapons is expensive, but you dont need them to do well and can easily play well with default or free lease items.PROs- Weapon tuning, it is awesome thank you!- Powers, Skills, enhancments. Very rewarding to use and drastically effects gameplay and strategy. Also theyre not forced on you can simple choose to play in matches that has all or a combination of them.- Movement. it is not slow or clunky and has a very real effect on your play. you can sprint, run, crouch, jump. No prone and No lean.- Game modes. Free For All, Team Deathmatch, Domination, Search and Destroy, CTF, Survivor, Duel, Defense. A wonderful variety.- Not published by Nexxon.- Daily, Weekly, Monthly, and Ranking Rewards!- 3 switchable loadouts in game.- Can do knife fights and pistol battles. Great control over your match settings.- Quickly see which fights have your pals in them.- Large maps and Small maps.Cons- Permanant Weapons are super expensive about 30 hours playing if you hoard your gold.- Servers down often though for short times, to be expected and I believe they'll be on it.- Small glitches like abilities randomly not working or like the hatchet not melee unless you aim at the legs.- The Dot Pro sight isnt centered.- Unusual decisions on stats for attachments making some pointless as there are the best of each type. Like the laser sight, only use the one for its extra stat.- Can't really kick or ban people from your lobby, they come right back as there is no penalty.- Lots of players playing out of reigon causing fights against people with 300+ ping.- Maps need some work. Most are too tight and provide some bias to one side or the other.- You can't have the same gun on different loadouts and have it be equipped with different attachments. Whichever attachments you have equiped on a weapon is what that weapon will have on all loadouts.I think this game as excellent potential and is in my opinion the most satisfying Free fps that is out currently. It greatly needs more content and more customization option for gear and characters, but i fully expect that to be fleshed out. PLAY THIS GAME! if you end up not liking it no biggy, but if you're a reasonable person I'm sure you will."
76561198188050385,Recommended,436520,29674115,Posted: 3 February,all,xXtremeKiller,"This game has very good graphics and plays like cod. Also more people nead to play. I cant get into a game of S&D. update:I can now get into S&D with no problem,and more people are starting to play. I would highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,436520,30047551,Posted: 19 February,all,FalseNinja,"It's not bad! Seems like snipers are pretty op, but its not hard to pick up other ppls guns till you can afford to rent/buy one. you get in game currency per daily log in so thats cool. Over all its not a bad free game, but its not that fancy. since warface deleted all my stuff i""ll be playing more of this"
,Not Recommended,436520,29766444,Posted: 7 February,all,WRG-West,"Just another Nade, Run and Gun game...Weapon modifications are just pointless, not much Gamemodes, Super Powers... Just less fun CoD on Unreal Engine with some super abilities... Graphic is quite poor, sometimes you may feel like game optimization isn't good and in-game players ping is also high (40-200), especially many laggers from Russia.In my opinion - not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,436520,29843924,Posted: 11 February,all,unsword,"-Graphics are terrible for requirements, i felt like back in 2002-Controls are unresponsive and character movement feels like QWOP-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of silly gamemodes half of which cripple only somewhat interesting part of the game: abilities-Outdated 'renting' system, either grind insane amounts of cash to buy the gun you like or constantly play and grind and play and grind to pay the rent for your gun, WE DONT WANT THAT ANYMORE-Hitboxes are off.-Gunplay is absolutely dumb, can't snipe♥♥♥♥♥♥with zooming in, hipfire gives you headshots from across the map.1/10"
,Recommended,436520,29935002,Posted: 14 February,all,Logat Jawa,Nice game and free to play
,Recommended,436520,29929544,Posted: 14 February,all,Pool's Closed csgobig.com,"This is a solid game, but i have a few complaints.1. Weapon Balance- Every weapon is extremely inconsistent and can either 2 hit someone at full, or 5 hit someone at full.2. Time Limit on Guns- You can't just simply unlock weapons permanently without having to grind the game for weeks to just get one.3. Mystery Boxes/Pay-to-win- It is so unbelieveably hard to get the diamonds needed to purchase Mystery Boxes without paying.Either way, its a solid gameplay, decent graphics, but map layouts are terrible."
76561198360901372,Recommended,436520,29679004,Posted: 3 February,all,BERNIE MAC,its really fluent and you have a lot of atachments to choose from for most of the wepons in this game recomend it 4shure my dudes
,Recommended,436520,29870990,Posted: 12 February,all,Damieon,So far so good! If they can keep control of the hacks this will be a great classis+ type fps.
,Recommended,436520,25472375,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,pRogz,"Gun play is good. Netgood seems decent. UI is amazing looking. Nice stats, the weapon customization is awesome. The game is currently $9.99, and it's worth it. I can totally see this game being competitve sometime in the future.Sometimes I do feel like I die pretty quickly, but if you played combart arms online, its like that. But now the developer is saying since they are self publish, it won't be P2W because they truely want it to to esports."
,Recommended,436520,25472391,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),"Is it a good game? yes.do we meet trash talkers? yes.is the community cancerous? might be at some point.now the developers have a lot of work to do since many new players will join the servers of the USA because most of the servers related to asia and europe are mostly empty.now there are somethings you might want to know before you play the game,that the sniper weapon is way too OP and they need to nerf it down a bit because you die instantly,it will get a little bit glitchy during the gameplay and you have to deal with it one way or another,there is in-game purchases (real moneh) for upgrades and its upto you if you want to spend some money on it.the graphics look decent and it can run on bottleneck computers.so overall since its an early access game,if people join this game and help the developers move this game forward then we might see a bright future that this game can walk side by side along the other online multi-player fps games.now the question is,will the community help the developers or this game will go down and get abandoned? its upto you folks.in my opinion i'll give it a chance."
,Recommended,436520,29800479,Posted: 9 February,all,statingbloom99,this game is not that bad but i understand what the people talking about the powers is kinda bad but is a good game is kinda like warface and warframe
76561198168609589,Recommended,436520,29871106,Posted: 12 February,all,Duality™,"+ Decent gameplay, good maps+ Not really P2W+ Servers for everyone- Menu is confusing- some cheaters (like 99.9% of the free FPS games)- Small community (not their fault)Good if you wanna pass some time, they want to go on as an eSport but is not likely with waht they are offering. I still recommend it, is better than alot of free FPS i played."
,Recommended,436520,29895161,Posted: 13 February,all,Black Spectre,"Game is not bad. I won't make it long as I have more and more games to play so. Would just like to say, this shooter from my experience, is at least playable and funcional for all players poor and affordable. There is no ""premium"" weapons btw, they have the same stats as their counter parts, they instead have a shiny skin on it to show it off. There are no premium attachments, and unlock other f2p games. You can actually earn the premium currency from acheivement hunting.PROs:#1: I have yet to run into an extremely laggy game. That from being in central US and switching between the asain, and european servers.#2: The guns feel nice, and hit just as well#3: the graphics aren't bad, actually bearable compared to most F2P FPS.#4: There is actually a variety of game modes, so you don't get bored doing the same thing over and overCONS:#1 People call it P2W, but it is true. You can gain access to weapons that are supposed to be locked at certain account levels with real world currency. Are the stats boosted and better than the guys you get gifted for the 1st 14 days? No. In fact, i paid for a character just to support the game ($7.50), bought a gun ($7.50), and still found myself switching to the starter weapon becuase it just so happened to be better than the premium weapon I bought, and found my KDR in the positive.So P2W is all in skill level#2 Skill level gap will always be existent in games. This is not neccisarly a major con but this debunks the whole P2W mentality to get other weapons at higher levels.#3 Time limited weapons. (3 days minimum) has always killed the joy for me. It's wierd too because the parts you buy for the gun are unlimited time (and cost just as much as the weapon for 3 days), but the weapon expires. Stupid to me, but ey.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Do I recommend this game?Yes.Is it genric?Yes, but there's not too much you can do to redefine a genre that has been around for a VERY long time.Was my experience enjoyable?Even when I was on a death spree, i still found myself not as frustrated because entirely it was not due to lag, it was due to my decisions i made in game, but still enjoyed grabbing a few kills here and there."
,Recommended,436520,29938055,Posted: 15 February,all,euphorica,"Quite a enjoyable game, kinda rough around the edges but overall decent!"
76561198330354099,Not Recommended,436520,30106989,Posted: 22 February,all,ero44445,"Gave it a chance, about two weeks. Absolute garbage. You can either buy guns in this game or just buy a good shooter lol"
,Recommended,436520,30231335,Posted: 27 February,all,DgUwLtB,"A very fun game to play with friends. Some people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing about premium and saying it's P2W. nope! This game is definitely not P2W. If you know how to play you're gonna do well. I agree on the fact that it takes a long while for you to save up enough in-game money to buy attachments and new gears. Another thing that I have to mention is the game's arsenal is very limited, I hope they add new stuff in the future. But what really got my attention and I really really didn't like was not even that. The game only allows you to use your picture from your facebook page, which in my opinion is not good, Neither do I want to have to sign up to Facebook with a fake account due to this game. They shoulda put a way to somehow get the avatar straight from Gravatar with your Email, which is very ubiquitous nowadays, and even big companies as dice use it.(Btw if any of you devs is reading this please take it as a suggestion)"
,Recommended,436520,30205321,Posted: 26 February,all,Shadow,Really Good For  A 2GB FPS Game
,Recommended,436520,30052995,Posted: 20 February,all,HPA The Matt Man,it is great one thing i dont like though is the rental gun system but its not to bad
76561198114366522,Not Recommended,436520,28201145,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ωʙɪᴋɪɴɪ-,no room play it suck
,Recommended,436520,25467437,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,黑耶稣,"Well after playing the game for a bit and getting a hang of it, I think I can make a decent review on the game. Do keep in mind it's in Early Access, so many things are subject to change. I will include suggestions that can be added to the game later.So Pros-It's a fairly easy game to run, getting 70+ fps on native resolution with medium graphics.-Has a customization system sort of like Blacklight Retribution, now there's not many customizations, but that'll probably change-A firing range to test customizations before I buy them-Small group of developers. I think because Blackspot Entertainment is a small company, they can focus more on the players and have better communication with the community unlike big companies like Nexon.-Nice community-A variety of guns, (not yet) but it'll definitely come.Now to the Cons/ Suggestions-Add player limiting, maybe I want to 1v1 my friend without locking the room. Or have a simple team based 5v5 classic search and destroy without locking the room-I don't know how spread is calculated in the game, I primarily use the AK-74 and sometimes my bullets are not first shot accurate. Maybe have a set spread like CS:GO? Or at least have first shot accuracy.-More servers. I believe the servers are located in California, I'm in NY and I get red 3 bar ping. Which isn't terrible, but I sometimes get lag spikes middle combat.-The movement feels clunky, I don't know how to describe it but things feel slow. Also when I quickswitch with the L11 after I shoot, the scope zooms out very slowly and sort of glitches out-Weapons are too expensive and GP is hard to earn. Daily missions give 1k GP per mission, but weapons costs 200k plus. Ranking up gives me 2k GP, which is barely anything. Customization is an average of 4k GP per item.-I think there should be a different set of customization for secondary weapons. When I have the largest silencer on my M92SF, it actually covers my iron sights. Also a sniper scope on a M92SF is ridiculous.-Nade throws should be affected more by movement. If im running and jumping my nade should go farther, also the standard distance for nade throws is kind of short, realistically soldiers should throw nades much farther.-Better lighting, enemies blend in with dark roomsI'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the game, there's much to be worked on and there's so much potential to the game."
76561198010540054,Not Recommended,436520,29628781,Posted: 1 February,all,KeViNTH,Those weapons in game is too unbalance
76561198040086114,Recommended,436520,29620718,Posted: 31 January,all,Muckaroni,Uninstalling.  Looks like it may be fun for people with reflexes.  2kills  78 deaths.  That's enough for me
,Recommended,436520,25472619,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,✪ Reaper™,10/10 good water AI -IGN
,Not Recommended,436520,29680986,Posted: 3 February,all,Doobiemon,"Gameplay = 10/10Fast, fun, low respawn time, easy to kill other playersGraphics = 7/10Not the best and looks kinda like 2014 even at max graphics but it's a small dev team so what can ya doItems and shop = 3/10♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of customization. At a cost. You get ~100-500 GP for winning/completing a game. Some Permanent weapons cost upwards of 250,000 GP. Quests give you 1000-4000 GP. The grind is ♥♥♥♥ing REAL"
76561198137882299,Recommended,436520,25455708,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rico,it aight
,Recommended,436520,29771150,Posted: 7 February,all,Cyzxxikz,"so far i'm really enjoying this game, looks fairly good and runs smoothly.the game rewards good aim and manuvering.i've seen alot of people crying that its p2w, i have not spent a single penny on/in this game and i wholeheartedly disagree, as far as i can tell this is just people who can't accept not being as good as they think they'll be as soon as they start playing, or simply jumped on the bandwagon. the starting gear is competitive with anything, theres a rotation of guns you can use for free, and honestly if your going to play the game much its not that hard to keep up with a gun rental till you've saved enough to buy it perm.the only things you can't buy with GP is cosmetic items (this does include cosmetically different but same statwise guns), but you get a few gems for the starting achievements and some as login rewards so with time you can literally have anything in the game for free. this is pay2notwait, and you are NOT at some big disadvantage for playing free.TLDR   give the game a chance the gunplay is fun and it is not p2w"
,Recommended,436520,25639645,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,boxer,"Not bad for a generic early access fps.Gunplay feels very bizarre, coming from a veteran of Battlefield games and Planetside 2.Recoil is basically nonexistant and ADS is not a necessity (hipfiring works in 99% of situations).Overall decently fun, 8/10"
76561198122394587,Recommended,436520,25642564,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,HUEJANOUS,"Good Game, can be hard one round and easy the next. But the past week it has hit a low number of players, this has been happening since the release on steam :( Because of this decline in running servers, i cant recoment it so far.EDIT: So today they added a new mode, new map, new wepons and more. Hopefuly this brings many new players into the game. The fact that they have added quite a few things in just over two weeks after release makes me change my rating. Nice job Devs"
76561198252133062,Recommended,436520,25705302,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Fastoon,"The game is awesome for an Early Access.Pros:the gun fight is smooththe game has a cool customize systemIts very balancedCons:the maps are kinda cheaply madeAtm, the prices are too big for gp users but Blackspot said they will adjust theprices"
76561198068144555,Recommended,436520,29900968,Posted: 13 February,all,STIRUAM,"what an awesome game. but still needs more improvements.Specificaly on Finding matchwhen finding match. i just wait for the match to come. how about enable the store, camp or equipment and stuff. it kinda boring if just sit there and waiting for match. but overall it is good"
,Not Recommended,436520,29851030,Posted: 11 February,all,Paxoy,"I gave this game a try, its pretty nice BUT way to many server disconnects and down times"
,Not Recommended,436520,30106472,Posted: 22 February,all,The Kaernk,"Loaded game upTutorial immediately began (Don't do this, give an option to change graphics first)Finished tutorial(Pretty cool mechanics excited to play)Chose character.Saw that weapons had time limits unless you pay for specific ones.Lost interestQuitUninstalledDON'T TIME-LIMIT GUNS IN YOUR FPS GAMEESPECIALLY WHEN YOU ALSO HAVE ADS"
76561198048833643,Recommended,436520,29680288,Posted: 3 February,all,Dark Squall,PAY TO WIN BUT STILL PLAYABLE
,Recommended,436520,29850875,Posted: 11 February,all,𐌀𐌽𐌆𐌑𐌀𐌋,"Hello! Just one thing.Change the silencers' name.They're not silencers, they're ''supressors''.They do not silence the sound but they do supress it.:-D"
76561198349514224,Recommended,436520,30070081,Posted: 20 February,all,xXMemeLord420Xx,I love this game!! There is ZERO lag and it is very functional and fun!
,Not Recommended,436520,30099519,Posted: 22 February,all,Sir Greyward,"Oh my gosh ! Even worse than a COD and CS:GO ! Unbalanced weapons, toxic community (not that worse if you compare to CS:GO), always found mid-game servers while waiting for 80 seconds, just avoid this game. I'll give it a shot time to time, to see if it's better. Guns cost 1/8 of your credits and the ""upgrades"" like torch or anything like that, even ammo (sometimes with no effect all WTF?) cost 6200-7200 credits, it costs more than the gun itself !) Blablablabla... Not a P2W... MY *SS !AVOID THIS GAME AT ANY COSTS."
76561198035183083,Recommended,436520,29752983,Posted: 6 February,all,i-401,"If you guys liked Combat arms, and disliked the pay to win aspect of it, then you'll love this game. All weapons can be accessed via the shop with GP, rare weapons are strictly cosmetic, even the characters in game are just cosmetic strangely enough one of the Cosmetic skins, Kitsune Haru  the Ninja Gaiden like female characters has a slight disadvantage in one of her vest selections compared to the default character.Theres only a couple of downsides currently is the mess with the servers having people populating server channels not of their region, due to not enough players being on in that region. The other downside is currently permanent weapons are pretty expensive around the 250k GP mark for decent primary weapons and it's pretty expensive to attach parts boosting it's performance and painting it, also still using GP. By doing daily missions you can get a minimum of 3k GP per day so it's not impossible to get what you want.  GMs have also let us know that there still reworking prices of weapons.But I'd argue that this game is pretty generous when it comes for daily rewards for attendance, because they are giving away free Gems per day, which if you played Combat Arms is basically giving away free NX. So you can basically log in everyday and get whatever weapon you wanted for free."
,Recommended,436520,25471784,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jh4nTy | Twitch,"So I bought the game on the release after a long and hyped time waiting for it. I played it for 1 hour and the game was kind of disappointing to me after so much hype. I refunded the game but today something hitted me and I bought it again and been playing and enjoying it ever since... so, if that tells you something is that I felt kind of regretted because beside playing and enjoying the game I also wanted to help the devs, even tough it's only 10 bucks :PThese are my pros and cons as of now. I know the game it's still on Early Acess, I'm just poiting them out so the people behind the game can see them.Pros:+ Weapon and Character Customization+ Stable servers (at least for me)+ Nice graphic quality and decent amount of options to change it+ Lots of game modes+ Firing range to test a weapon before you buy it+ The community seems niceCons:- Sound quality. Extreme lack of ambient sounds, it's absurd. Sometimes it's quieter than a freaking fly flyign around. Really hard to figure out where an enemy is.- Hitboxes or hitregs need work.- The shop prices are extremely high compared to what you earn by playing and completing missions.- The minimap looks weird to me and hard to figure out where exactly I am. Would've been better a simple view from above instead of that panoramic-like view we have now. Or atleast add an option to change that- The jump animation when you want to go over a box or something seems a little glitchy.- The maps are also glitchy in some places where you get kinda of stuck.Currently, at this state in EA, I'd give the game a solid 7/10. I hope that it getts more polished and worked hard on so that we can have a strong and stable FPS game. I'll be around watching it grow, hopefully :)"
,Recommended,436520,25449699,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,aster,Really nice!
76561198047555649,Recommended,436520,25430971,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[BDF] TheWarden,Needs work but it is pretty fun
,Not Recommended,436520,29226574,Posted: 13 January,all,TK,"When I first saw this game I was so excited. The first I've heard it was when my friend told about that super cool game that was abandoned by Nexon devs but was repurchased by some small game studio and that it would be the game of the century. It looked like it had everything I needed: cool guns, plenty of attachments for all weapons, characters, equipment, etc. I had the feeling that the game would be the one I would play for the rest of my life since it had what I always wanted, making my own playstyle by modifying everything I could.I understood why Nexon abandoned this game when I actually bought it. To be honest, you'll be better of playing Blacklight: Retribution that's basically this game with some future aspects though the game is abandoned by the devs but I guess that's not a difference now. Sure, you might see an updates going out really often but they don't fix much. In the 1 hour I've played I've found more bugs and gamebreaking techniques than in DayZ. It's just sad.Now to the weapons. Now, don't get me wrong, they're not bad but they're definetly what not what the advertising was showing with the ak overmodified to hell. But you might be saying ""Never trust advertisments much"" and sure, if you don't count this as a valid point, take another good look at the pictures for the game and then say no. The equipment and characters are garbage, even for an early access game - might aswell just used default assets instead of making that, and excuse my language, horrific steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Now one point that I did expect is that the game is going to try and get more money from you than it already cost in steam. I have nothing against that but this is ridicilous. Over the 2 days playing this game I saw the few quests that give the ingame currency are either very easy or hard as all hell. It ofcourse features the ""paid"" currency or gems which can be used as an alternative but some items were locked by only gems.It wouldn't be that bad if the ""expiration date system"" for weapons and equipments was unbalanced as all♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure, you have the good old infinite weapon but it's bad and it takes lots of time to get those credits. It almost feels like the devs thought that it was a good idea to make you grind for a singleattachmentfor 10 games and you get if for a few days. It might not seem that it's that bad but you go and try it and you'll see what I'm talking about.Not to mention the horrible empty servers. You'll be luck if you'll find a server with 9 people in it and with a decent ping in Europe(servers elsewhere are empty anyways). I tried competetive once... oh wait, I actually didn't cause I had to sit through half an hour of painstaking waiting. Worst part is that the estimated time never actually works properly and you keep hoping.It did have it's fun and balanced points too like abilties but that's where it ends. You have lots of buffs if you keep your ""mana"" bar full but you lose them if you use your abilties, not to mention that abilities always use health as part of the cost of using it which in my perspective is really nice. The weapons were still garbage though but the blink was cool and it would've been even better if the maps weren't mirrored and built for spawncamping.Besides these points, if you really want the game, go ahead and buy it but I'm warning you, it's really bad even for a person who likes these kinds of games. But please for the love of god buy it on a sale and don't even think of buying the founders pack. Noone is going to admire it since the game died 2 days after it was lauched (I still regret that I rethought the idea and bought the game) and the devs really won't be making this game better so there's no hope for the future too."
76561198160640354,Recommended,436520,30193661,Posted: 26 February,all,Bob the Builder,"If you want a white character, you have to pick a Frenchman. *shudders*The ""British"" guy is African.The ""American"" guy is Japanese.The Brazilian guy is actually Brazilian.And the ""Frenchman"" isn't even French, he doesn't suck."
,Recommended,436520,25463957,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kimion,"Combine First-Person Shooter and Superpowers and you get Line of Sight. Kill everyone with Laser beams, spam those Genkidamas all over the place and use only 1% of your power!And this isn't even your final form...Be the protagonist of the protagonists and scream louder than anyone else to win!Well it doesn't have that but you can shoot fireballs... which is pretty neat. It's also competitive and no pay2win if you're into that. No buying plot armor here.(Props to you if you got all the references)"
,Not Recommended,436520,29640050,Posted: 1 February,all,rkflash,"Not even funny bad, just bad bad"
,Recommended,436520,25453435,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,nitro,"Excellent FPS, not the best but its in early access and the developer is sticking around to make it into a very viable FPS game."
76561198025932372,Not Recommended,436520,29642785,Posted: 1 February,all,DickaSmasha,Terrible prices for perm weapons the cases take premium currency and the fact that most of the time the map is a rectangle with a few obstructions is what i feel like i am getting and finally i just get theis greedy feeling with all the temp weapons and the prices of permanent thing being so high
76561197965333980,Recommended,436520,25722491,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Situation-X,Nice to see a game that puts high levels up against us low levels then sees us lose every match. again....Think the devs need to add a matchmaking feature that evens it out a bit more. please.
76561198073310152,Not Recommended,436520,29721342,Posted: 5 February,all,Waves,Servers down. simple as that. if you really like seeing the server down window download this game. thats all its good for. about 3gb worth of server down window.
76561197998359809,Not Recommended,436520,30084602,Posted: 21 February,all,EyStru,"I've been playing this just abit, and honestly its not a game I can recommend.Let me list some things for you: [(-)Bad l (+)Good]1.(-)Very annoying interface.2.(-)Game itself isn't quite balanced3.(-)Movement and aiming are VERY annoying.4.(-)Overall annoying controls.5.(+)Graphics are quite nice.6.(+)Ability to upgrade your own weapon as your wish is quite nice.To sum it all up:The game itself is pretty bad(Control, Game experience etc.), the surrounding are quite nice (Graphics, modding and etc.).So over all I cannot tell if thats a game worth playing, give it a shot but if you ever played anything such as CS:GO or another common FPS you'll probably delete this one after a very short period."
,Recommended,436520,29748400,Posted: 6 February,all,Proud,This game is great enough! But the UI need some improvements.
,Not Recommended,436520,28521840,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ryzz Tigεr ♪♫♬♪♩♬,nope
,Not Recommended,436520,30065439,Posted: 20 February,all,jinkylinks,"Literal trash - worse than a reskinned cod game, literally belongs on the phone appstore"
,Not Recommended,436520,30034423,Posted: 19 February,all,Memez_Meister,"I have played both CS GO and Rainbow six siege, and I gotta say this game here cant get more than 2/10!Pros:-Feels a bit fun to play, there are quite the few different game mods like Deathmatch, Duel, etc.Cons:-THERE IS BARELY ANY TO NO RECOIL, u just need fast reflexes to win here, no skill, no nothing, just fast reactions, cause the recoil is barely present!-If there is an enemy in ur line of sight HE IS MARKED WITH BRIGHT RED, ITS LIKE A HITBOX HACK, this way camping from he corner or the edge of the room becomes senceless, because everybody sees u if they look around!-The way to get new guns is to ♥♥♥♥ing rent them, the best way to get good guns is to magically kill someone who has good gun and pick up their gun,if u manage that with ur weak gun that is.-PRICES are crazy, u earn around 200GP per match if u end up in a high place(GP is normal currency), the cheapest I have found if to rent a gun for 3 days..... guess what 9k GP, so if I finish 45 times in first or second place I will be able to hire a gun which will dissapear in 3 days, YAY!-If u dont wanna pay, u wont get permanent guns(good guns), if u want a perma gun, U HAVE TO GRIND UR♥♥♥♥♥OFF to get it, if u are f2p-Community is almost dead-The Community that isnt dead is toxic af, beat them and u are alredy being reported for hacks-1 gun part, 3 days grind-the devs(I mean it)-The abilities are so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying that I turn them off or look for a room that were turned off, basically turning it into another generic shooter-Matchmaking is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ even when its deadAnother game like this one is Ghost in the Shell stand alone complex, but is fun, it is grindy, but u arent annoyed by grind, the community is good, the abilities are good and is f2p(has very weak p2w elements, also a big +), so if u wanna play this, dont and play the one I recommended u"
,Recommended,436520,29689524,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr Weird,"I played this game for 1 hour (when it was paid) and only 2 people were playing at that time, now its free and 2000+ people are playingamazing gameamazing graphicssure there are some bugs but the game had good potential :)"
,Recommended,436520,29620401,Posted: 31 January,all,Thana,"There ought to be a middle ground option here. As it's F2P I say give it a shot.Graphics look alright, maps themselves are pretty decent looking (but IMO not designed well for gameplay- have yet to play enough to back this claim). Well optimized on my potato, and the starting kit is alright. Can also pick up weapons to use during gameplay.Other than the very basic starter kit most other things seem to be either bought with cash (for permanent) or ""rent"" with ingame money, similar to Blacklight. I can't really say it appeals to me.Controls and networking is well-polished from my experience. Props to the devs for that.The game at the current moment seems a bit dull, but is worth a try."
,Not Recommended,436520,29623973,Posted: 1 February,all,horizon,It's ♥♥♥♥ing trash.
,Recommended,436520,25410739,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zerou,Pretty good game already with a huge potential. Let's see what's upcoming.Looking Forward!
76561197995684618,Not Recommended,436520,29640425,Posted: 1 February,all,Hipiti hopiti women are property,"This review is from someone who played online FPS for 13 years, from fast paced arena shooters to hardcore milsims.This game is bad from every standpoint. Seeing how the game is designed it feels like a quickly pasted together game that bet everything on its customization gimmick.The gameplay doesn't know what it wants, it got :- Your movement is slow and slippery even while sprinting, yet you can bunny jump like a madman.- The ADS makes you nearly immobile .- Which is a massive issue since single shot hip fire is extremely accurate.- Evern worse, the massive random spray you get on full auto hip fire is hilariously inaccurate yet the dev though it was a good idea to include the oh so hilarious nut shot which effectively give 2 one hit kill zone to spray at.- Very low TTK, on a game that either force you to spray and pray or stay still and ADS.- Or just use the meme AWP wannabe gun that OS anywhere.- The shop is clearly pay to win, weapon are unbalanced AF AND you it's a rend system ( perm weapon + attachement will require 20/30 hours to farm without paying )Then you got the graphics, early access is no excuse for an incoherent graphic style :- Skins looks samey and are uninspired, they look like they came from an asset shop.- Weapon are your classic bunch, love it or hate it.- Maps are run of the mill, seen in every F2P maps.- On high the overall graphic are awful.It's fun for a bit seeing how easy the mechanics are to abuse, but damn, this game is your classic F2P that either went early access too early or the dev are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ting people to scam them out of their money. It'll be dead in some month at best, being played by third worlder and hackers, it has no future at all in this state. If you want a good F2P FPS and aren't a massive scrub go play DirtyBomb."
,Not Recommended,436520,30066675,Posted: 20 February,all,Corn.mp4,"Has nothing to hook you for more than 2 seconds. You get in, join a game, use your default F2P rifle, then instantly die to a sniper. That's fine, we'll try agai- You die again. You try to give it one more shot, guess what? You died lmfao. Not worth your time. If you want to spend money on this game at all, reconsider it and consider buying CS:GO or something. At least that only cost $15 and isn't pay to win. This game is nowhere near skill based, and I'd recommend not installing it because it's both a waste of time, and a waste of disc space. And that's coming from a guy with a terabyte of storage and no life at all."
,Recommended,436520,29855762,Posted: 11 February,all,Nosi_Rek,Nice for Low PC
,Not Recommended,436520,25429367,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,drvw,"Game has it's problems, But I'd call it a work in progressI was really excited for LoS, Hoping it would be something to play for a bit, It's not worth you're time right now. (or ever)At this stage in the game it isn't worth it in my mind.Here's why:The Maps - they are made for spawnkilling and sniping, I don't like that.Hackers - Game has been out for what I don't know 28 hours? Already have seen some hackers.TTK: The time to kill is super odd, One time it'll take 3 bullets, the next it will take over a full mag, then the enemy one shots you when you put over 30 bullets into him. This needs to be fixed.Finding a match: Super hard to find a game, Not many servers around.Logic out.Edit: Re-installed this game, it's way worse now, Can't believe I ever spent $10 on this crap."
,Recommended,436520,25410616,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dr.Dean,"UPDATE: they fixed multiple bugs with footstep sounds and gun accuracy whilst jumping.They also added 2 new weapons (scar H - Mp5)Finally time for defense mode :D (which is great fun and challenging btw)""reads through negative reviews, Dies a little inside""This is why the game is in early acces ya bloody knobs.Most of these negative reviews dont even have 0.5 hours played, Atleast give the game a chance.UPDATE: Looks like they patched the spawn shield, if you hit someone with spawn shield their shield will dissapear! Thats great news!The game is fine, servers are steady and gameplay is smooth.Hell, you can even see your own legs when you look at the ground (an often overlooked feature)If you feel like you are getting outplayed everytime you hop in a game, i highly suggest you go play against the AI bots that are in this game.This will help you understand the flow of the game better and will also help you develop more skill.Pros:Smooth GameplayStabel servers (no lag, rubberbanding)Guns feel very balancedGood optimizationFOV SliderNON pay 2 winGood looking graphicsCons:It will cost you 10 bucks to get into the  game ( i can understand that some people would rather not spend this amount of money on a early acces game )Sniping can be a bit clunky.It takes some skill getting into (you cant jump into a match expectinig to do well form the get go)My specs:16gb ramgtx970i5 3.5ghzI run this game at 150 fps @max settingsI will keep this review updated as much as possible"
,Recommended,436520,29733110,Posted: 5 February,all,Sabo,Cons:-Bad performance (very laggy on my computer)-Servers down most likely (when playing in Team Survivor mode)-Unbalanced guns-Some weapons and characters are too expensive (so this is f2p but kinda p2w)Pros:+Numerous of game modes+decent graphics+Weapons can be customized+Psionic Abilities+Maps are really coolThis game needs more updates and fixed these servers..
76561198310177365,Not Recommended,436520,29683454,Posted: 3 February,all,Wii Remote Victim,"Its a game that has good potential but yet it lacks what a game should be. What i like is the the qulity and design of the Weapons used in the game and as well the game is unique and doesnt copy other games aspects. When you did the short training you could launch missles from the air and expload things which was a blast(Not a Pun) and i like that aspect However what i didnt like was the graphics, The walls were dull and didnt have good quality even on high settings and i know this is a free to play game and your on a budget but you could of used other engines like the cryengine and many others that have really good quality even for people who dont have a good pc. The playermodels Quality was ok but it could of been improved on.But what i am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about is that you play ads in the home screen like really? And aswell you can purchase things like gems and boosts like money or experiance which is also bad for a game and it needs to be removed so people dont have advantages over others.So the question is should you get this game? well it depends if your sombody who likes graphics then don't waist your time on this game but if you like the quality of the game like how it feels to you then sure get it. It does have potential like i said already but i wouldnt suggest getting the game till they fix things or make the game better."
76561198064157979,Not Recommended,436520,30052495,Posted: 19 February,all,100(2TONE)TM,it is a good game but what i hate about it is when you get free guns even when you buy them they are ♥♥♥♥ing limited meaning in 14 days you will no longer have that gun which is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid waste of my time
76561198051550435,Not Recommended,436520,29952442,Posted: 15 February,all,El Puto Pepe,"Do you know those candy you left two months ago in your car? Yeah, that car that is under the sunlight 24/7 in summer. This game is like those candy."
,Recommended,436520,30083840,Posted: 21 February,all,Max Caulfield,Awesome game. But its so feakin hard. Facing off people from another country is pretty hard. Can' even get my kills up than my deaths. Its gonna take a while t oget used to this.
,Not Recommended,436520,29923994,Posted: 14 February,all,NoTimeLeft,Ear♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 2k17
,Recommended,436520,29695222,Posted: 4 February,all,marku§h,"- The gameplay feels pretty good and just like in cs go you don't take too much to die, 1 sniper shot in the chest and 1 headshot with a riffel, the payment system does suck but I don't really think it's that pay to win, I would say the definition of pay 2 win is when without paying money you can't achiev what ppl with money can, and I think that is not the case because of the way weapons work if you are good at the game I don't think weapons will matter much.- I think the game right now lacks players and the negative reviews of people with less than 1 hour saying this game is completly pay 2 win doesn't help."
,Not Recommended,436520,29859586,Posted: 11 February,all,Luoravetlan,"I've played a one PvP match so far but don't like the game already. Looks like a raw product. And this is why:- everything loads so slowly, even checking if my name already exists took a few minutes- the user interface is complicated as hell- weapons felt like hollow plastic toys with terrible recoil and terrible sound- graphics looks like sh*t even on high settingsAnd I am sorry to write a bad review. I thought this game is good untill I actually played it."
76561198050993000,Not Recommended,436520,29723937,Posted: 5 February,all,Gamers Mind,"this game....tutorial i had 150 fps at start, the second i start sprinting i go down to 15fps and my pc isn't a patato btw, my pc has 2x 770 4gb in sli and a i7 4790 quad core @4ghz and 16gb ram (always 8-12gb avalible)even on lowest settings i get the exact same performance, like what the flying ♥♥♥♥ is this?????matchmaking between 20-30s........ more like 1-3 minutes >:(when you start getting used to the frame drops and the fact u need to wait a bit to play i stumble upon another issue...i got disconnected for so called ""lost connection to the server"" and happened twice until i just gave up.i can't even give anything positive aside the decent graphics becouse the gameplay just sucks to the point i can't even play it.definantly go for another game like cod or csgo or insergency, becouse even while this game is free there are alot better options out there than this banter♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198144561505,Not Recommended,436520,29945463,Posted: 15 February,all,Akame Ga Kill Me,"where to start... The game has potential but its potential will not be met. within the firts 30 minutes i git bored - the standard gun is uncustomisible and is really bad and there is no point for the standard currency - the premium is the only one of use. there are many bugs and waited 5 mins for a game before the game crashed - i had low hopes but i was still dissapointed, just dont get it"
76561198059170779,Not Recommended,436520,29879055,Posted: 12 February,all,Yung Deathwi$h,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Officially the worst FPS game I've ever played. Congratulations.
,Not Recommended,436520,29679462,Posted: 3 February,all,qqrebu,like letting a rabid dog chew on my benis as well as my fond memories of combat arms
,Not Recommended,436520,29953613,Posted: 15 February,all,★Shima!★,It's a pay to win game + the UI is over complicatedI tried playing a dual and I enjoyed it until some guy blew his money on OP weapons...and one shotted me 9-1.Has anyone heard of counterstrike? or even TF2? just play those.
,Recommended,436520,25473943,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The_Shooter17,Very fast paced MarioKart10/10 would snipe again
,Recommended,436520,29886484,Posted: 12 February,all,cutiepiedrew :3,Good game.
,Not Recommended,436520,30088395,Posted: 21 February,all,as5399,a very good and Working game but sadly due to poor hit detection and and sometimes serius Lag which are only the gameplay problems also it takes for ever to get knew guns i myself and i think many others like playing games for a long time and earning the weapons but i do not want to spend about 5-10 days saving up on money to buy a gun permanent i do know you can buy them for a limited time but then why bother with attachments secend of all i see a very heavy drift toward Pay 2 Win with some of the gun you can either only get buy paying real money or playing for 10 days strait overall i would say give this game a chance but keep these facts in mind while playing it is a very fun game with alot of variety in game modes
,Not Recommended,436520,29787337,Posted: 8 February,all,ShadowAce790,"Gave this game a chance... and it is as bad as everyone is saying it is, i wouldn't recommend this unfortunate game onto anyone, even recommending it to an enemy would be a harsh punishment."
,Recommended,436520,29814378,Posted: 9 February,all,JOHN TEAM,I need to review a game. its a yes from me
,Not Recommended,436520,29908579,Posted: 13 February,all,what the nani the fuck,"It's fun, but the grind for currency is insane. You get so few diamonds that you're better off just buying them, and weapons are insanely expensive."
76561198032076272,Not Recommended,436520,29934235,Posted: 14 February,all,Ericsern.MinterWelon,SEA servers are terrible.I never got below 200 ping. It's very unfortunate because I really wanted to enjoy this game as a lot of people say its really good
76561198257546281,Not Recommended,436520,29679471,Posted: 3 February,all,NomNomz,worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. its camper  / sniper city. you will be camped hard no matter what and snipers all over so you really cant move. all permenet unlocks are stupidly exspecive just for an AK47 its 144 THOUSAND!!! you barly make money as it is so youll have to heavy grind just for 1 gun.
,Not Recommended,436520,29773438,Posted: 7 February,all,WolfRayet104,"Its like Dirty Bomb, if Dirty Bomb were trash and you had to play with cinderblocks tied to your legs.Just don't bother downloading this unless you have access to Mummy and Daddy's credit cards."
,Not Recommended,436520,29849305,Posted: 11 February,all,Muhammed,Game doesnt even load.Just connecting.I would not reccomend the game currently.
,Not Recommended,436520,29795178,Posted: 8 February,all,Nferr,why the ♥♥♥♥ are people able to TELEPORT and throw FIREBALLS in a ♥♥♥♥ing MILITARY FIRST PERSON SHOOTER...
76561198145079263,Not Recommended,436520,29851228,Posted: 11 February,all,Robi,Even Minecraft is more hardcore and has better mechanics than this s    h    i     t .Don't download it's♥♥♥♥♥♥if you think this is like cod is not.
,Not Recommended,436520,29859477,Posted: 11 February,all,JTech,"I don't know what is worse, the awful sound design or the ungodly large ranges of AK-47's and getting nigh impossible kills like it's nothing!UI is too crowded with unnecessary elements that have nothing to do with what you're looking for, and everyting is blinking at the slightest need of notifying anything..But more in-game: apart from the above mentioned issues, the game feels like a trie-hard attempt to recreate a FTP version of CS:GO.. Maybe one day it'll get there, but not before some things are fixed and is properly finished, as right now it feels more like an Early Access open beta instead of a full-fledged FPS."
76561198131303887,Not Recommended,436520,29774670,Posted: 7 February,all,MrSpark,"this game is fun. however i just played a match, i was on 15 kills 0 deaths, and then out of no where i get kicked to the menu screen and receved a message saying lost conection to host, so all it takes is for the host to rage quit and everyone else gets ♥♥♥♥ed over. (i didnt gain any exp when i was kicked)also i dont mind the pay to win system considering you can still buy everything from earning in game currency. the biggest problem with this game is it dosent have dedicated servers so until the developers sort that out dont waste your time on this game"
,Not Recommended,436520,29687321,Posted: 4 February,all,zerotokraken,absolutely♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,436520,29781762,Posted: 8 February,all,All Moi Life,Pretty generic game. Hardly any Pay2Win aspect if you have skill. I looked up cheats for this game to see if there was any way for people to get them for such a new game and I couldn't find any so there is no cheaters in here (apart from private cheaters.)
,Not Recommended,436520,29801377,Posted: 9 February,all,Branch Boy,"This game does nothing to try to differentiate itself from other shooters except for throwing in some really cheap gimicks.On top of that, it's just plain boring, nothing fast paced or heart racing about it.If you intend on playing this game, use only the sniper, everyone else does."
,Not Recommended,436520,29809206,Posted: 9 February,all,namelessnoob,"P2W game, thats all, u can play if u have money"
76561198004207626,Not Recommended,436520,30101767,Posted: 22 February,all,Kristan,PROS : same as other games FPS / grindyCONS: full of wall hackers and aimbots.conclusion : dont touch or play this game.solution : uninstalltip: trust me starting game full of hackers and aimbots. not even a single anti cheat program.
,Not Recommended,436520,29691372,Posted: 4 February,all,Twekity,"Line of Sight is a pay to win cod ripoff. Don't Install that shity game. The trailler is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥and the gamemods, gameplay, and mathcmaking are♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035590484,Recommended,436520,25693126,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CupNoodles,The game is far from Pay2win. It's fun to play and the developers seem to care about this game alot.
,Not Recommended,436520,29730169,Posted: 5 February,all,Look it's Michael..,"This is the worst piece of garbage I have ever seen, the weapon recoil is so dumb in so many ways.Oh..did I mention is p2w bs? You get like 300 money to buy weapons with everytime you complete a task or level whatever, dont care and a weapon for 3 days costs 9000 or more......FOR 3 DAYS."
,Recommended,436520,30027812,Posted: 18 February,all,Magic [バゲット],This is easily one of the best Free to Play games I've experienced
,Not Recommended,436520,29673172,Posted: 3 February,all,Fastie,"It plays fairly smooth, the graphics look old and the people that you meet in matchmaking are either dumb as ♥♥♥♥ or exploit the fact that you are almost always visible on the minimap.SMGs and the AK are OP as hell. Snipers are 1HK in most scenarios.It's not worth playing, just go and play some other FPS game.The gameplay feels a bit like a cheap version of COD."
76561198086651349,Not Recommended,436520,29670186,Posted: 3 February,all,philmakerguy,"The game is fairly simple. point and shoot...However it does one of the sins of free to play shooters. You guested it! you only get temporary ownership weapons unless you buy jems to keep them permanently, which is done buy GOD DAMN MICRO TRANSACTIONS!But if you don't mind that the game is alright for a free to play game, but there have been better.Dear Devs please the remove pay to win rubbish and I will give a another look because pay to win KILLS games and I want to like this game, I really do."
76561198119670893,Not Recommended,436520,29673938,Posted: 3 February,all,Albert,PAY TO WIN !!??
,Recommended,436520,29895837,Posted: 13 February,all,✓♕Ҝ¥Ł€Ž♕✓,A Very Good Shooter A Good Free Game To Play With Friends!
76561198364770776,Recommended,436520,29858336,Posted: 11 February,all,Ba'al,I love action games! Greatjob!
,Not Recommended,436520,29764596,Posted: 7 February,all,Whisker,"A bit shorter than my usual reviews, since to be honest, I just played a few matches to confirm some suspicions- especially after the trailer proudly displayed ""From the producer of Combat Arms,"" only a minute or so in.ProsGraphical overhaul over original Combat Arms.Audio based on distance from player.Better hit registration.Better servers; fewer latency issues. Players don't appear to teleport as much, even when playing with a ping over 130.And now, for theConsGraphical system looks ""modern"" as of 2010. Some textures look too shiny. Female avatars are cross eyedwat.I said that the hit reg is better, but not that's not saying much. There's something infuriating about shooting an enemy three times in the chest and head and watching to your dismay as they take no damage, only to retaliate and kill you with one hit.Pay 2 Win content, in the form of purchasable permanent equipment for in game cash while everything else is rented. The same system as the original Combat Arms.Female avatars locked behind paywall, although when I started I was given ""Mei Hua,"" whom I shall rename ""CrossEyed-chan,"" on loan for seven days. Aside from CE-chan, the other models looked like they were rejects from an issue of Play Boy and needed a 2nd gig.No, that was totally not a reference to another F2p game that is somewhat better.Not as many modes as Combat Arms. Though since this is a relatively new IP, I suppose that can change.The UI is modern, shiny, and pleasing- you can tell the devs are trying to channel other properties. But it's also user unintuitive, and finding the weapon/kit selection screen was a nightmare.TLDRDon't expect too much from this game that you haven't seen in similar F2P games already, except shinier graphics, because that's all it is- a ""like new"" Combat Arms. If that's alright with you, I'd at least suggest this over Combat Arms since they seem to have solvedsome, but not allof the hit registration and latency issues that plagued CA since it was first released, mostly because the engine isn't garbage.That said, I'm not really a fan of low-ttk games (and hell, is it low- CS has nothing on this), but if that's your cup of tea, hop on it. Just keep in mind that you can dominate most players not by having better aim than they do, but by ambushing them by slowly crawling around until you hear the distincttap tapnoise of their sprint- and then, empty the magazine. Don't worry about hitting the head, the chest will do.Or, you can purchase a sniper rifle for a few dollars, once the rented one you start with expires. Just pray that the hitreg RNG is with you."
,Recommended,436520,30084065,Posted: 21 February,all,Alucard,All in all a fun shooter. You can play alot and get everything you like.Sure some little payments are in there but nothing bad when you can aim and have a gamesense.Cons: The servers. Often you loose connection to the host or they have to update something.You then either get kicked out of the lobby and can't make a new one or you get kicked out of the whole game server.If the connection issues and maybe europe west and east are better split then i think it would be more enjoyable.I rate 7/10 because it also works nice on low end pc's.
,Recommended,436520,29895249,Posted: 13 February,all,TheTechSpace,This is suprisingly a great game with tons to offer! I love playing it!
76561198269404387,Recommended,436520,30084009,Posted: 21 February,all,aimbotmelvin,"Good game. Easy to play, free and overall a nice distraction from other games. If you like games like battlefield or cod this is a game you should try out"
76561198102425699,Not Recommended,436520,29884289,Posted: 12 February,all,PC Machine Broke,"might be better if you didnt have to buy literally everything, and all of the items are temporary, unless bought with a ridiculous amount of coins. and the UI is too crowded."
,Recommended,436520,30178347,Posted: 25 February,all,Oof,Its a really fub game that is free and the only bad thing about this game is that its hard to get into a match but i think there are AIs but im not shore how to work them to start a game
,Recommended,436520,29884400,Posted: 12 February,all,austin csgoroll.com,10/10 ign would play again (I currently am playing again).
,Recommended,436520,29658495,Posted: 2 February,all,Subject Delta,"I've read the reviews before playing this, and saw bad things about the pricing and stuff like that. But I played this game, and it has A LOT of potential. This game came out 2 days ago. It's going to have some bugs and things like the pricing not right. But the tutorial is the best tutorial I have ever gone through. I am eager to see how this game turns out."
,Recommended,436520,29769915,Posted: 7 February,all,ACE {GameKillerZ},"Great fps gameon my pc it has compatibility issues so it does not run smoothlybut works and the community is good so far and the gamemodes are coolThere are people messaging ""trump"" and ""lets build a wall"" and thats annoyingBut overall - I recommend this gameP.S - i wake up at 2am to study and i saw that my download has completed so i decided to test the game for 15 mins but those 15 turned out to 55 minutes . Totally worth it !"
,Recommended,436520,29913663,Posted: 13 February,all,VXUs,"J'accroche rarement sur des F2P, celui ci ma tenu pendant 21h heure meme pas une semaine, un systeme de pouvoir qui peux faire peur, mais en recherche et destruction (mode de jeu le plus joué) les pouvoir sont désactivable ou seul les pouvoir basique sont utilisable (au choix, sachant que ce de base), permette de faire une micro teleportation(1/2metre), se soigner (15/20% de la vie), se daplacer plus rapidement(+50% de déplacement pendant 4/5seconde), brouilleur de radar, etc.. ce qui rend chaque joueurs different les un des autres et qui permet certaine action strategique et parfois assez classe, (tu peux rush avec le pouvoir pour aller plus vite et arriver 3/4secondes avant les ennemis et les surprendres.Aucun systeme de P2W comme certain pourrais le dire, tu peux avoir des armes dans des caisses ( payante) mais qui sont aussi forte que la premiere arme du jeu( elle posséde generalement moins de recule, mais les degats reste les meme)Un jeu a fort potentiel, avec des ranked, systeme de clan, il a potentielement de l'avenir.Quelque probleme de serveur, certain sont sur des serveur europe et chope des ping a 120/150 mais reste tres jouable malgre ça"
,Not Recommended,436520,30155809,Posted: 24 February,all,moon,Worst half-hour of my life
,Not Recommended,436520,30156033,Posted: 24 February,all,Good_Ol_Rub,"the gameplay is pretty trash, and it isn't user friendly."
,Not Recommended,436520,29699607,Posted: 4 February,all,OtanCZ  hellcase.com,"The game is good, but a really, really big problem.. ITS ♥♥♥♥ING P2W.. if you want to play this f2p u need to grind money like non-stop 2 days until u can buy a gun that costs +- (140k money), and then comes the overpriced attachments. in every gun the original scope is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you can buy one for 7k?wtf u need to grind like 2h to buy a ♥♥♥♥ING scope?.Then laser, and more... This is P2W in a lot of things. If you like this game and have time then u can play it... no more to say just P2W.."
,Recommended,436520,29787760,Posted: 8 February,all,rusteD,"pretty decent game, u dont have to pay at all...u get free permanent m4 which is fine and farm some points to get the m4 which can be modded.Progress might be little bit too slow, but if u focus on achievemnts and daily/weekly/monthly missions u will get it.Mods for weapons are permanent.Plenty of game modes, esl supported, just playerbase could be bigger, but its on steam for a week or so, lets see."
76561198336977164,Not Recommended,436520,30215663,Posted: 27 February,all,CRocodIle,this game is pay to win
76561198056337482,Not Recommended,436520,29705613,Posted: 4 February,all,WishManiac,"There's no point in playing against Americans with 180 ms of ping+.No,thank you."
,Recommended,436520,29808849,Posted: 9 February,all,Zer🎃,"It's an adverage gamethe gameplay is adveragethe guns fell okaythe art design is adveragethe maps are adverageonly thing thats great is the ammount of customabilityother than that its a pretty okay game.play it if you want, you're not really missing out on anything."
76561198304112619,Recommended,436520,30107329,Posted: 22 February,all,jeffshark321,i do recommend this game its fast pasted so there will always be a gun fight pluse its a low frames per rate game almost anyone can play it
,Not Recommended,436520,29773179,Posted: 7 February,all,Annie?,"If getting spawncamped by people who look like they should be in a game from 10 years ago with guns you can only really get from paying REAL money for outside of the map while ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode screws ANY chance of having fun is your type of thing, go ahead and download it. Otherwise, run away, very far."
,Recommended,436520,30000049,Posted: 17 February,all,Rare Pepe,"please fix the server, it is unbearably lag to play"
,Recommended,436520,29728562,Posted: 5 February,all,KittyPrinten,Like Combat Arms except worse!
,Recommended,436520,29755413,Posted: 6 February,all,k3,"It's fast, it's entertaining, it's not pay to win but it is pay-not-to-grind for eternity."
,Not Recommended,436520,29873253,Posted: 12 February,all,Mara Jadewind,"If you have a pc and you don't have any game in library to play anymore or too broke to buy one at the moments by all mean feel free to download Line of Sight. I wouldn't said this game is good FPS shooter or was it a bad one, more just kinda like mehhhh game.... it feel some sort like early 2010 budget FPS shooter game.The UI doesn't feel intuitive or user friendly enough, it look overcrowded, messy+clunky for us to browse through. It give me the headache just by lookin for what to browse next.Plenty item are lock behind the paywall, for freebies FPS I believe there are still tonnes of good and more decent in Steam Free Games Section to be downloaded or play with. Seriously the video trailer and screen shoot look had been touch up way enhanced then in games graphic.I had to give this Line of Sight a bit below average sideway thumb down but I can't choose em, is either thumbs up or thumbs down. So I gotta go Thumbs down and Sight of Line is Not reconmended for everyone and to majority liking in today standard."
76561198310917005,Recommended,436520,29681073,Posted: 3 February,all,Wizmister,THIS IS AWESOME
,Recommended,436520,29637121,Posted: 1 February,all,DuckJuzz,"There are alot of rubbish free to play fps games out there but this ain't one of themSo I've played Project Blackout, A.V.A, Combat Arms, Ghost in the shell and many other games like this but they're all♥♥♥♥♥♥ this one the other hand is not, it's what a f2p shooter should be, it's fun, not pay to win, well optimized, satisfying and addicting. It doesn't throw micro-transactions down your throat either.The game contains some nice fresh features such as in depth weapon and character customization, you can make any gun suit your style, it also has abilities such as weak teleportation and missiles from the sky, ye.Some maps are good some are not, you'll find yourself getting spawn trapped (or otherway round) in some maps, in some you're literally forced to use a sniper because of how big the map is.There are quite alot of game modes, I've played 3  of them up to now and all of them were fun, such as dual mode, classic team death match and free for all.If you're familiar with fps games then you will find this one easy to get used to, I've played 5 hours at the time of making this review and I have a respectable 2.8 k/d.The graphics are nice, nothing special thoughThe audio is really good, the guns sound great and so do the explosions.The UI is nice, not overwhelming.I think this game is well worth trying out, it's only a 2gb download and it's amongst the best free fps games on steam alongside Dirty Bomb (which I have played over 200hours) and I wouldn't mind putting a bit of money into it. All we need now is a big enough playerbase, Install it now!10/10"
,Recommended,436520,29852675,Posted: 11 February,all,Penetrate me.,"is gud men, lik cod but wit skill bery gud."
,Recommended,436520,29976909,Posted: 16 February,all,MoJoPBS,Great Game!Not rlly pay to winAwesome weapon customizationGreat GamplayCould work on graphics but it's pretty good so farLil bit of bugs need working onNow the servers also need working on I have 40mbps and yet I still lag but only on this game (NOT FPS LAG) (20 upload)Overall I would recomend playing it just for the hecks of it(My Rating)8-10 Gameplay7-10 Graphics8-10 Weapons6-10 Servers8-10 Overall7-10 Pay To Win  (1 Yes It Is comepletely 10 Not at all)6-10 SoundRecomended :P
,Not Recommended,436520,29640225,Posted: 1 February,all,Oridiian,"Bland and uninspiring tutorial, and that's as far as I got. AI mode not working, and matchmaking queues seem infinite. Plus  microtransaction rentals, seriously? Bleh.No idea if the gameplay is any good, because the matchmaking never worked and the option for AI matches seems to be missing."
76561198286894387,Recommended,436520,29717816,Posted: 5 February,all,andrejgorgievski,its good game for low spec computers
,Not Recommended,436520,29877867,Posted: 12 February,all,Corinarh,"Awful servers - it took me 20min to log in and to create character, super grindy with no ability to even farm most guns for free. In trash it goes. Shooting mechanics is dogshit, every weapon/attachment is rental not permanent. I thought we were past that p2w grindy b ullshit. You have literally zero chance to kill people with higher level guns full of attachments.Game still has awful optimization and trash hitboxes.Nothing has changed since CB it's still same awful game with just more modes and pointless grind & crate gambling.0/10 would not even waste bandwidth to download this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,436520,25474534,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,RT_Mythictang,So far the game play feels great. Big thumbs up for the dedicated devs.
,Recommended,436520,29753336,Posted: 6 February,all,Maa De Griff,"If I could, this would be a neutral review.Honestly, it has potential: The guns are detailed, feel responsive, and, as advertised, brings a LOT of customization. However, it has several major drawbacks which can really ruin the game for some people:1. Everything is expensive as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even some of the earliest guns you unlock will take a long time to own. Attachments are expensive too, and most cosmetics you will never be able to purchase.2. Unbalanced guns. My very first match was in a sandy temple-esque set of ruins, and it was nothing more than a glorified shooting range. Every single person had a sniper, and 9 times out of 10 a bullet would somehow find its way into my skull, regardless of where I tried to run. One player in particular had a 'Random Box' weapon- AKA the guns that rarely drop and are also OP as hell. Which brings me to point 3.3. P2W schemes are rampant. Camos cost money, skins cost money, random boxes cost money (and have little chance to offer rewards, too), etc., the list goes on. If it exists in the game, it can be bought with your real-world $$$.TL;DR: Play it, it's free, but don't get in deep until (if) balances arrive. On the other hand, if you have tons of money to throw at the devs, pick it up and go hog wild with your one-shot-kill sniper or 30000 RPM LMG.(Only recommending this game to balance out all the negative reviews, since I hope it gets better.)"
,Not Recommended,436520,25711428,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,24spencer,"If you combine every negative aspect of every throwaway free-to-play korean FPS you probably get this game. Oh except this also costs $10.Pay2win despite being a b2p game? Check! There are very powerful weapons that are well-hidden in the store, since they're only available as part of real-money bundle packages. They essentially act as (significantly) upgraded versions of store weapons that can't be obtained ingame at all.Exorbitant permanent weapon prices that require you to play 300 10-minute-long matches to unlock a single weapon? Check! Primary weapons tend to cost 300,000GP or more. You'll be lucky to pull in more than 140GP from a team death match.Bizarrely poor hitregistration, but snipers are exponentially more powerful than anything else? Triple Check! Crosshair feels wildly incorrect most of the time and your bullets will just go wherever they feel like. Sniper rifles are pretty much all a onehit kill from the waist up.Oh, and the icing on the cake? Higher level players enjoy benefits such as 30% more HP, refilling all of their HP after every kill, and other such lovely, well-balanced ideas. Oh and you'll be matched with them constantly from level 1 because the game's only been out for a month but it's somehow already completely dead.Have fun!"
,Not Recommended,436520,26048121,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,humpers,"If you're thinking of buying this because it was originally going to be combat arms 2, don't. There's a reason it was dropped. The gunplay is bascially like a significantly ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of soldier front 2 which is to say low spread, high rate of fire and entirely headshot based. This specifically is terrible in this game because there is a lot of lag and had hardly any servers outside the EU so often games consist of you dying instantly and then someone turning the corner. The maps are also much more cramped and corridor based and movement is not that important. I'm not sure why the extensive customization system exists because most of the guns feel the same. Abilities are useless and unwanted, and the mass majority of games ive seen have them turned off. The only real advantage this game has over the current combat arms is the graphics, but those are horribly unoptimized and really just look like an incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cod. There is also a massive pay to win system, even in the early acesss in which you get about 300-500gp per game and it costs 13000 to buy a gun for 3 days or 300,000 for perm for one low teir gun. Really? I wouldn't recommend paying 10 dollars, or even playing it when its free. In another year, its just gonna be another bad forgotten f2p fps."
76561198151796421,Not Recommended,436520,28246640,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HARDWELL,The game is ♥♥♥♥e dont waste your time
,Recommended,436520,25414594,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bl4ckIceCream,So far so good....gameplay is even better than bo3...
,Recommended,436520,25415110,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Unoriginal Asian Gangster,"I have played Line of Sight for approximately an hour at this point in time. Here are my thoughts:Line of Sight is the spiritual successor to Combat Arms and was supposed to be its sequel. Fortunately, Nexon(original publisher) decided to drop the game and was adopted by its developor, BlackSpot Entertainment. This is good for this game because Nexon is a greedy company whose main goal is profit. If you look at Combat Arms today, you'll noticed it's once thriving playerbase has withered down to a small group of loyal players. It would be a terrible shame to see greed destroy the potential this game has. Now onto the actual review of the game.Line of Sight is a decent game so far. Despite all the negative reviews, it is not too shabby for a first person shooter. Keep in mind that I am a CSGO player with 730 playing hours and that the transition to this game is a most welcomed one. At first, the increased demand for speed and reaction time in this game seemed to throw me off,but I was able to overcome it and won my first freefall game with flying colors.My whole hour playing was mostly spent in NA 1. Keep in mind that this game seems to be a little weak on the North American front but thriving in EU. Do not let that fact however deter you NA players from trying out this game. I'm sure as time passes, this game shall too compete amongst the fps giants (With your support and patronage of course).In terms of the cash shop and purchaseable items in this game, I have to say that I am relieved. I was afraid it would be like Combat Arms where everything is rental and if not rental, overly expensive and impossible to buy permanent. The premium currency, diamonds, are also earnable by players for completing basic tasks and achievements. More so, I believe every firearm is customizable in some way or form. This allows for players with different tastes to try out new styles and tailor the game to their needs.I look forward to progressing through this game and trying out the other weapons. I reccomend that you try it as well and if you don't like it, there's nothing to lose as long as you refund within the 2 hour limit. Hope to see you all in game!"
,Recommended,436520,25471091,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BORDZ,This is a welcomed change from COD and other Fps games. I really hope they keep developing this title. The customization is great. Maps are decent. Gun play is 100%. Keep it up devs.
,Not Recommended,436520,29959286,Posted: 16 February,all,Adama,"Dogshit game, cant even play pvp in a party to stay with friends."
76561197993614733,Not Recommended,436520,29956119,Posted: 15 February,all,jholben,"This game is junk...nothing but a run and gun, bunny hopping waste of time."
76561198071014415,Not Recommended,436520,29956610,Posted: 15 February,all,ColdChicken204,Good look a like cod game..... unitll it turns in to cod and every one uses a sniper...Garbagdid enjoy the little time i had untill the snipers.
,Recommended,436520,29935056,Posted: 14 February,all,ONE RED,"If you guys like COD , WARFACE type of games , then this game is for you , and to CSGO players i would like to say wake up from that frekin game and try this game and warface , these game are auwsome , gives you a hardcore war feeling . MUST TRY"
76561198073454920,Not Recommended,436520,29722176,Posted: 5 February,all,Stuhlknartsch,"This is just another cheap F2P P2W game that uses rentable weapons rather than having actual permanent ones and these ""powers"" just seem too much like London Hellgate to me. Such a copy of London Hellgate I can´t believe this.PS: The customization is just a ripoff of Train simulator 2017 such a cheap copy."
76561198062969741,Not Recommended,436520,29621686,Posted: 31 January,all,HK,pay to win call of duty??????????? nah
76561198220171255,Not Recommended,436520,30249278,Posted: 28 February,all,On VACation,i hate it
,Recommended,436520,29631772,Posted: 1 February,all,M4n1v3rs3,"This is one of the games i most liked to play becuz 1st its good, 2nd its nice, and 3rd its not bad.the only thing i didnt like was the prices, they are way too high for me, and im +1.5 m tall now think."
,Not Recommended,436520,28399443,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,N a o k i,the game is dead. Not worth the money if your planning to spend money on this game. Also one reccomendation... Make the game free and start giving out free gems because the people who spent the money on your game shoud AT LEAST get some appreciation.
,Recommended,436520,29643563,Posted: 1 February,all,12GageGamer,"For an honest review, i will say the game has potential. A few tweaks to the economy and the amount required to permanently purchase weapons, i see great things for Line of Sight. Well, as long as the devs don't give up to soon.Other than the above listed problems it has everything you expect from a early access game so i wont complain there. On the other hand it has excellent gameplay, amazing customization, and a wonderful competitive community. Oh yeah, haven't experrienced much bot or hacks yet so that another plus. I'd give it a download just be understanding as it is free and early access. Could be the next Warface or Blacklight, maybe even better!"
,Recommended,436520,29623112,Posted: 1 February,all,BubblesNL,"I have been playing thisgame for a while now andI have seen it grow. The developers really listen, the game is constantly evolving and becoming better and better.Many people complain about the prices, but they haven't see that there are 6 ways to earn money yet.Others complain that the game is pay 2 win, but the only thing money can buy is better looks.Some complain about a lack of players, but new players join everyday and I never had any issues joining a game.A few people have mentioned cheaters, but they have a very strong anti-cheat and even active GMs that are hunting them. Those who are really good ESL players often get called hackers unfairly.There are screams of unbalanced, spray and pray, randomness, but these people just don't understand the recoil system. The system is based on skill, very similar to CSGO, where you have a pattern that you need to learn. And when you move, obviousl that pattern gets ♥♥♥♥ed up. That's skill based, not random.So combine all of these and you will understand that this is one of the best, maybe the best, free 2 play shooter's ever made."
,Not Recommended,436520,25810063,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Divorced,"Game is pretty terrible. I get it's early access, but c'mon. The first thing they released in the game is all their microtransactions. Game is basically like every f2p generic fps game from soldier-front, ava, combat arms, etc. Before the game was released they constantly pushed on not having the game pay-to-win and which is exactly how it is. Proven with the founders pack which has 2 different variations of basic guns that are stronger than their basics not just a reskin. The customization is barely noticeable all of them costs real money to purchase. With every update they release more in game purchases for money instead of fixing everything wrong with the game currently. Running that f2p model and a pay to play game.Graphically on max settings is pretty terrible also. If you don't have good ping you lose every battle. You take falling damage from a 2 inch drop. Game gets extremely boring, the psionic skills are never used because they're worthless so everyone plays classic. Originally going to be f2p, but because they don't have the budget to keep it running it might cost and with the game already being under 100players at a time, that will be the nail in the coffin. Had hiugh hopes and it didn't even reach close to them. 3/10 game. Maybe quality improvements over time will make it 5/10, but we will see.Also super annoying every first letter you type ingame gets deleted."
,Not Recommended,436520,29859767,Posted: 11 February,all,boosted,"Well, easy to uninstall"
,Not Recommended,436520,29748687,Posted: 6 February,all,Titan,So I've been looking at the reviews of this game.  You don't need to bother with even using the abilities you can win against payed gear players with the basic m4.  And if your skilled enough you can take them out with a pistol or a knife.  Graphics are pretty bad the menu is annoying when you first see it.  But it's alright I miss combat arms though even if that thing was plagued by hackers.
,Not Recommended,436520,25488533,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,FalconNein,"The starting gun (M4A1) is ok at best. It is easily ecliped by the AK74 in accuarcy. Oh and not to mention it turns into a nerf gun at anything over 20ft. If you don't believe me, go to the fireing range and shoot at one of the targets at 50m and tell me how many shots it takes to take down the target.The TTK in this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 90% of your deaths will be instantaneous and more than likely from behind or to the side.Accuracy is minimal. I tried tap firing, 3-5 round bursts, full auto, ADS, from the hip, and everywhere in between. Actually hitting what your aiming at (before previously mentioned insta-death) is difficult to say the least. Don't bother engaging at anything past 30ft. You'll empty a mag and get maybe 2 or 3 weak hits, proceed to get ventilated by the enemy you were shooting at, and begin jamming the spacebar to respawn only to repeat the process.Also, not to mention the fact that to even RENT a new weapon you have to have 20k+ credits when you earn maybe 300 cedits per full match. To PERMA buy a weapon is a whole nother story. Youll need a mind melting 200k+ credits.I don't reccomend this game in its current state. AR's need to be worked on. Snipers are OP. LMG's are spray and pray as per usual."
,Not Recommended,436520,26367891,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kittens,"Pros:-Has Customisation for both characters and guns-It has perks as you level-up-Argueably completely F2P and Pay to get stuff faster.-Interesting range damage falloff/range spread system.-Its Pretty and sounds nice aswellCons:-The customisation doesnt change ♥♥♥♥-all, there is 1 build for everything, and pick your poison for the scope.-Hitreg non-existant/lag compensation is beyond ♥♥♥♥ed.-Head protection is non-existant-Sexist character design, the female characters are identical to male characters in every aspect except 5 units slower just because.-Recoil is non-existant 50% of the time, other 50% of the time it feels like the character has severe parkinsons.-No way to customise your gun around the above^^ which makes a large portion of guns un-useable.-Awful map design (there are no balanced/not♥♥♥♥♥♥maps)-Awful Perk Design/Layout-Non-existant playerbase/communityGeneric FPS, nexon dropped it, blackshot picked it up. (not even nexon wanted this crap)3/10 would recommend when its free2play IF people play it, right now Line of Sh ite is just a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,436520,25434363,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wade Wilson,"So where to begin. The only real positive I can think of would be the visuals which are decent but you would expect a lot more from a team using Unreal.This ""game"" feels like it was developed over a long weekend. Handles like a UT mod from 10 years ago.Level design is horrid with little to no thought put into layout. Levels range from tiny to mid size. Generic warehouse with placed crates? Check. Generic desert level with placed columns? Check. Generic snow levelwith...snow?Check.""I'm down"" and pinging of metal is about all the sounds effects there are. The weapons sounds are annoying.Huge room for mass improvement, might be one to watch but I would pass for now."
,Recommended,436520,25838886,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FeelAlive,They actually listen to the community.
76561198002402890,Recommended,436520,25657712,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,punkguy0017,This game is nice has some good aspects to it. Also would be nice to keep everyone with one color uniform its confusing and hard not knowing who friendlies are and arent. i know they become highlighted in red but thats annoying just set up 2 types of uniforms for the friendly and enemy teams. other than that this is a sweet @ss game. it's worth the money.
,Recommended,436520,25795240,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NeonPoison,"This game is pretty good note that its now pretty much an independent team since nexon quit on them(good thing i swear). They are always updating the game and trying to fix the bugs while added new content as well. Very smooth combat while added pys abilitys( dont worry they have classic versions of the game modes that allow no use of skills). This game has by far the best customization for a shooter, you can pretty much upgrade everything. There is a f2p model to it but it is not p2w at all in matter of fact the m4 alone rekts and you get that from the start. The community so far is pretty chill and welcome new players. People say this game has horriable opti but I tried it not only on my desktop which can handle pretty much anything and my labtop that uses a hd4000 and runs the game on low settings fine.. The game uses unreal 3 engine and seems the staff know it pretty well( which is a good thing to me). Its 10 bucks but to me it is totally worth it. ALSO GOOD NEWS  THIS GAME USES V.A.C THATS RIGHT V.A.C."
,Not Recommended,436520,29751157,Posted: 6 February,all,Tony Pajamas,Uninstalling works well at least.
,Not Recommended,436520,29748256,Posted: 6 February,all,Monge,P2W af
76561198116849933,Recommended,436520,29613099,Posted: 31 January,all,s1ckneSS,Really fun game !
,Not Recommended,436520,26240916,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,David,"Review as of October 27th, 2016I do not currently recommend the game for the following reasons:1. Incredibly small playerbase. The difference in skill is massive, resulting in highly unsatisfying matches.2. Business model is in a serious state of flux. $10 pricetag but has a very anti-consumer free to play model underneath. Game is a trap.3. Devs are (for the most part) not communicating well with the users. Recently there has been more of an effort, but only time will tell if it holds, or makes any meaningful differences.4. There are a LOT of ""under the hood"" numbers that skew personal skill. At level 10 you unlock passive buffs that completely throw a wrench in the game's balance. You are required to choose rooms that have the feature enabled or not. Playerbase is already small, splitting them up further with this system is incredibly frustrating.5. Weapon balance is absymal, and in a serious state of flux. All kinds of changes are happening weekly. Your purchases (and reasons for them) may become completely irrelevant in a week's time. Yes early access, but also not appealing for people looking to invest time and potentially more money getting the items they find appealing.6. Abusive playerbase. I looked up some of the more common players' profiles and saw they have literally thousands of hours in other popular FPS games. The people that are dominating this game are also serious trolls and generally toxic without much reason.  Some also commonly exploit bugs without any remorse.7. Bots exist but are INCREDIBLY basic. Devs are aware, but judging by the fact that they haven't touched them at all since the game's inception to early access they are likely low priority. They commonly get stuck in doorways, on corners, behind pillars. They tap fire their weapons and do not throw grenades, switch to pistol... use skills... or anything like that.8. Recent nerfs to payouts and increase in costs. Dev team has basically admitted they have no idea what they want the business model to look like, but throw strawmen up as arguments for nerfing payouts and increasing costs when asked. They also say it's possible permanent guns will require repairs. A very anti-consumer practice, and they have not been receptive to feedback on the matter.------------------------------------------Overall I am very regretful that I bought this game and played it past the refund period. A lot of the anti-consumer practices were done after I had already invested two hours in it. I have done the best I can to voice my opinion to the moderators and dev team, but with such a small playerbase I simply seem like a very angry user experiencing buyer's remorse. That may or may not be the case in all honesty, but my posts on their forums typically receive support from common visitors, so I am not alone in my opinion.For now, stay away. Perhaps visit the official & Steam forums if you're curious (but be aware of the resident troll elitist), and follow the development process. That's really the best I can recommend for now."
,Not Recommended,436520,29727874,Posted: 5 February,all,Golde,"Line of sight, more like line of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198029011329,Recommended,436520,26080030,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ФУЗЕ,good game fun but alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and works needs to be doneand ♥♥♥♥ign hackers like vice should be bannedgood customization btw
76561198086949818,Not Recommended,436520,29756377,Posted: 6 February,all,Eagle-i-shot,"It's worth about an hour of play and that's when you realize it's a typical fps with nothing new to add to the table. However if that's your thing, by all means. I've played fps for 10 years and am burnt out.EDIT: With some more game time added I will admit I've been enjoying it a bit more but I still can't recommend it until they do something about the servers. Too many crashes and drop outs."
76561198111741960,Not Recommended,436520,25641962,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,PickleRick,horrible this is a scam do not buy it is a dead game this is consumer fraud
76561198156853732,Recommended,436520,25413745,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,JLeon15,7/10
,Recommended,436520,29645945,Posted: 2 February,all,Amelia Rahab,NICE GAME
,Recommended,436520,29638901,Posted: 1 February,all,Cotton_Knight,"This game is easy mode if you play harder games like ARMA, Insurgancy or AAPG. No sway on aiming down sights. Has some minimal recoil on the guns. Grindfest a bit but it's not that bad, the cash shop is mostly cosmetics and lvl boost. The only thing that this game lacks is voice chat for tactical use."
,Not Recommended,436520,29750493,Posted: 6 February,all,TotalDominator9,complete trash
,Not Recommended,436520,29807997,Posted: 9 February,all,TMAN1029 road to charcoal elite,Im almost positive I recieved an std from playing this game.
,Not Recommended,436520,29680668,Posted: 3 February,all,✪ JTP,complete trash
,Not Recommended,436520,29789551,Posted: 8 February,all,paczki,"Pros: Quick UninstallCons: Pay To WinIf you want to get good, spend your life savings to boast about your ego. If you don't like pay to win games, don't even bother downloading it.This game is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥arcade shooter. These type of games are very noticable to be pay the win as soon as you view the UI at the main lobby.Oh by the way.. No anti aliasing and the depth of field is completely discoloured and pixelated. Fog looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥so you might as well turn it off to actually see.I won't recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,436520,28246998,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,cobaltflare,Pretty good looking game so far. People will probibly wait until its free to play it.
76561197986642527,Not Recommended,436520,29754880,Posted: 6 February,all,BrainBoxBoy,Haven't experienced mediocrity like this since MW3. Also why give us more than a full fledged HP bar if there's no Health Packs around the maps.
76561198257585937,Recommended,436520,29741068,Posted: 6 February,all,ToraxSK,Tuning - Nice graphic - no lags
76561198039403329,Not Recommended,436520,29755214,Posted: 6 February,all,boneknocker,"really have any thing to say after play it. it just have no fun and honestly, what fun from the whole game people hiding in the bush and sniping each others for the whole match ? pulse community is toxic as bad as combat arm. i not surprise why player base keep going down this fast."
,Recommended,436520,29746921,Posted: 6 February,all,Vanie,Best game ever i play.So funny
,Recommended,436520,29627992,Posted: 1 February,all,farrelwtf16,this game is so cool
,Recommended,436520,29309570,Posted: 16 January,all,JOLLY MANGINA,"I bought this game when it still cost $10, and even though it is a free to play model, I feel like i got more than my money's worth.The controls are very tight and the game is fast paced, something I certainly enjoy. Weapon customisation is also great, with  literally thousands of different combinations. Combat mastery is somewhat of a gimmick, however it can give you a slight edge in combat, and while some skills are borderline useless, others are really helpful.Bots need some serious work, and having different spawn points would be a great improvement. This I sure will be added if the devs agree, since Blackspot supports this game better than any other game I have seen.As a side note, the reason LoS costs $5 on Steam is because it comes with $5 worth of gems ingame. Also, the devs do need it so than can keep up the amazing work. (Seriously, I swear these guys don't sleep!). Not that I don't reccommend the FTP version.Ignore the haters and get it already!"
,Not Recommended,436520,29620688,Posted: 31 January,all,Malfael,"This game advertises character customazation and the freedom to do what you want with your characters looks and gender. Well when you start you get to choose between four uninspired, boring male soldiers that all look like they dont even want to be there. Then I later discovered that you have to spend 20 dollars in order to purchase an oddly sexualized stripper ninja female character that doesnt even look like she fits into the setting. Thanks, game. You want me to spend 20 bucks for giggly boobs... Im already mad and I havent even played a match yet. (btw i played a match and it was pure garbage dunt play this gaem.)"
,Recommended,436520,29642944,Posted: 1 February,all,Aasgier Lector,"Good for a f2p. Fast paced, nothing is overpowered, and you can play with friends. havent run into any bugs yet but would like the graphics to be less laggy as the medium is not very good looking but very laggy for a gaming laptop with a 1080gtx."
76561198256337056,Not Recommended,436520,29648520,Posted: 2 February,all,AHappyCub,Remind me so much of Point Blank.just another crappy *** game that just want to take your money
76561198098963789,Recommended,436520,30033901,Posted: 19 February,all,itsScrat,Yes
76561198272241953,Not Recommended,436520,30057880,Posted: 20 February,all,Hot Meat,100% B2W
76561198125794184,Not Recommended,436520,29879966,Posted: 12 February,all,Krambit,You cant go one game without the game crashing it is the most annoying thing jus warning you now dont play this♥♥♥♥♥♥teir game.
,Not Recommended,436520,29895195,Posted: 13 February,all,David666,COD in a F2P nut shell
,Not Recommended,436520,29967490,Posted: 16 February,all,Halilovich,wtff i cant play its say steam not instelization
,Not Recommended,436520,30019946,Posted: 18 February,all,ぺぺ Pepe,BEWARE EVERYONE!!!ITS AN EVEN WORSE COMBAT ARMS VERSIONIF HACKERS AND PAY2WIN ARE YOUR THING THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!This game is like making and awfull sandswitch and paint it gold hoping someone will eat it someday
,Not Recommended,436520,29978837,Posted: 16 February,all,RetroCat,"And here it is kids!!! Yet another generic F2P shooter... But for real now, this game is boring and what's up with the wonky animations?Wanna have fun just by playing casual/competitive? My advice look somewhere else."
,Recommended,436520,29656660,Posted: 2 February,all,Kur,"Ever played AVA or Ghost in the Shell First Assault ?As title, it's basically those two games combined, very simple room-based straight up matches. This game is a cheap Asian shooter in disguise, similar to Project Blackout, Alliance of Valiant Arms, Crossfire and so on."
,Recommended,436520,29695821,Posted: 4 February,all,Cammo,"First of all just try it.Maybe its fun for you, maybe not. For me its another Free2Play FPS game that i download in the hope its sogood like Arctic Combat (R.I.P :c)Pros :- You can adjust the Viewmodel and the FOV thats pretty good.- The Standard weapon is not bad at all.- Graphic Options very good.- Good Mapping- You can buy weapons with ingame money- Weapon costumizationCons :- It takes years to buy one weapon.- The Gameplay feels for me a little bit too slow.- You have glitch spots on the maps (they are fun for me though :'D)- Pay2Win (duh..)- Special Abilities i dont like them, its a cool idea but i think it would be a better gamewithout them. (But you can turn them off in if u host a server ^^)Conclusion : I will play it a while.. we see what the future brings.Robin du stinkst hart nach maggi!"
76561198038377319,Not Recommended,436520,29793883,Posted: 8 February,all,=TGB=Morvek,desync a huge issue do not recommend for anyone wanting a decent shooter go play csgo
76561198085469171,Not Recommended,436520,29807524,Posted: 9 February,all,sljmshadj01,this game feels clunky af
,Not Recommended,436520,29809258,Posted: 9 February,all,SEGACHAOTIX,Fake Pay To Win and Skin
,Not Recommended,436520,29813647,Posted: 9 February,all,Literally,"Horribly optimized, overpowered weapons, bad spawns, awful scoring system.All of this but it's still not as bad as Infinite Warfare.Scratch that, Line of Sight actually is worse than IW. I never thought I would see headglitching worse than COD's. Also, when I shoot people directly in the chest with a sniper, I expect them to be hit. Putting this game as free is overpricing it. I want money for the time I've wasted playing it."
76561198090034292,Not Recommended,436520,29817104,Posted: 9 February,all,BlackStar,"Reminds me a lot of Blacklight Retribution except it's not as polished. I think there's less than 10 characters, you can choose from 5 hats, uniforms, mask, and helmets. The maps are kind of awkward, encourage camping. It seems like a really grindy game/pay-2-win."
,Not Recommended,436520,29852509,Posted: 11 February,all,Rustafarian,"Do you recommend this game?As a free to play, yes. I was talked into buying this game before it was F2P. It was really fun at frist but quickly became stale in comparison after visiting other shooters."
76561198073527279,Not Recommended,436520,29793094,Posted: 8 February,all,♦Killerblack34♦,BAD. needs fixing
76561198156045988,Not Recommended,436520,29793736,Posted: 8 February,all,Kikatrat,"Line of Sight is not very good. It's mechanics are lackluster, and is in general a bit terrible.I may be the only one to say this, but it is just annoying. The weapons feel fairly nice, with the exception of SMGs which fire paper bullets, and it has potential, but really doesn't use it.TLDR:(even if I didn't write a long review)Go play Dirty Bomb or Blacklight Retribution. It's the same thing but better."
,Not Recommended,436520,29802214,Posted: 9 February,all,lXlTEClXl,i don't recomend this game cause  :1. still alot of bug2. server promblem like sea get ping like server play in america ( WOW )3. matchmaking promblem4. still new..
,Not Recommended,436520,29813309,Posted: 9 February,all,mzry,crash crash crash crash crash
,Not Recommended,436520,29819078,Posted: 10 February,all,Erogone,i cant recomend this i like it i do i really do but the spawns are so bad that its not even funny spawn kill three people die spawn take a step headshot until the spawns are adressed it feels cheep and the pay to win dont get me started
,Not Recommended,436520,30083862,Posted: 21 February,all,crispy chicken,"This game needs A LOT of work.The biggest problems I have had is the spawns in this game, they are terrible. People can sit in the enemy spawn and just farm kills until the match ends.Most of the weapons I have used in the game also seem very unbalanced.The microtransactions also are just stupid and the community is toxic.This is one of those games that is just made for getting money, sadlyIf they changed all of that then I might go back to this game."
,Not Recommended,436520,30207951,Posted: 26 February,all,Purfect TCE,its a suckier game of call of duty
,Recommended,436520,29835379,Posted: 10 February,all,a right shoe,lame
76561198069567484,Not Recommended,436520,29946502,Posted: 15 February,all,Nick9572,"P2W trash with a low player count. Seriously I joined one game where I could not kill anyone with my gun really, yet I am being killed almost instantly by P2W losers on the other team with golden guns that kill instantly more or less headshot or not."
76561198020359853,Not Recommended,436520,29882965,Posted: 12 February,all,Zmod64,"It is alright however, GUN SHOOTS WAY TOO FAST! Too unrealistic and graphics was so so. The gun sounds sounded awkward ESPECIALLY the sprinting sounds (The steps sounds faster than the character running)  Haven't tried the zombie mode because I was hosting a room for quite a while with 1 player joining and leaving EVERY TIME... Eventually uninstalled :3"
76561198188430682,Not Recommended,436520,29787481,Posted: 8 February,all,FrogLife,"it does not even startit says ""failed to initialize steam"""
,Not Recommended,436520,30239964,Posted: 28 February,all,SpoodaBomb,"Even though I have a good internet, I still get latency issues which means that their servers are not that good..."
,Not Recommended,436520,29888701,Posted: 12 February,all,BadWolf,Trash.
76561198015675376,Not Recommended,436520,30083079,Posted: 21 February,all,MoRaL FallacY,Yuck
76561198216739743,Recommended,436520,26142323,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ProjectAlice,"o Jogo esta bem balanceado, algumas melhorias, mais recuo, não era tão simples como era antes. alguns bugs para consertar, mas esta indo no rumo certo, só precisamos de mais jogadores................................................................................................................................................................................................the game is well balanced, some improvements, more weapon recoil, it was not as simple as it was before. some bugs to fix, but it is going in the right direction, we just need more players."
,Not Recommended,436520,29725024,Posted: 5 February,all,ROGER ✅,"Pay to win, otherwise not *that* bad."
76561198177596934,Not Recommended,436520,29998842,Posted: 17 February,all,Dragon,graphics are um how do you put its they are ok but dirty bomb is 10x better
,Not Recommended,436520,29772783,Posted: 7 February,all,♕GodSent♕,Maps are too simple and small. Everything else seems okay. Another version of Warface.
76561198049784461,Not Recommended,436520,25476898,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Zararus,"This game has No Support for SMG's its a Sniper game, and Its overall unfinished and Bad. Do not Get."
,Not Recommended,436520,29839406,Posted: 10 February,all,/p/lack,"Don't play this game. If you have any acual skill from Counter Strike, not only will everybody call you a hacker and report you, The community is awful. Only one hour into the game and already had a team of 8 people convinced that I was hacking. For some reason, my GPU didn't run too well on this. I have a GTX 750 Ti and it stutters and crashes regularly."
76561198016547852,Not Recommended,436520,29845968,Posted: 11 February,all,Arepas,"10/10 loading screen.. The loading screens on this game are awesome, i can apreciate the talent behind those straight lines design, it's simply amazing. The fact that i've been on the loading screen for 10 mins just blows my mind, it's so amazing that they let me stay here and read those magical words over and over again: ""connecting to the server"" omg it's just beautiful."
76561198130223423,Not Recommended,436520,29636642,Posted: 1 February,all,MONSTRAS,i fink i have internet but game say im not...DC DC DC
,Not Recommended,436520,29846810,Posted: 11 February,all,ByoDelic,Bad connection i couldn't even play a match bc everytime i connected to the game i got a loading message saying connecting to the server but then i waited over 5 minutes and it gets an connection error :(UNINSTALL
,Recommended,436520,29658608,Posted: 2 February,all,Rykoro,"Game is amazing! And to all this people moaning about p2w. It's not and even so, it's free."
76561198140822982,Not Recommended,436520,30070989,Posted: 20 February,all,echnarbal,"could be fun but people be fgts camping and sniping like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, stop making snipers 1 shot people in the foot"
76561198008035152,Not Recommended,436520,29758645,Posted: 7 February,all,philoni,This game is stupidly bad.
,Not Recommended,436520,26293915,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KORP3RAL,"Sadly, I did not enjoy the game at all.1. Non of the servers are active.2. First game, couldn't move/press keys/shoot, etc..3. I have a decent PC, and I was getting maybe 30FPS and had to turn everything down to nothing.4. The users I was playing with were toxic, bought the game, told them I just bought it and everyone just starting spamming chat and I believe I was voted to be kicked because I did. (Not sure If I was or not, that's what they were spamming in chat)This game needs a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,436520,29778932,Posted: 8 February,all,Luna ★Shu★,"I don't like the idea of ""renting"" weapons and characters for a few days then they are all gone unless I pay more money.Besides, matchmaking takes forever."
76561198065145590,Not Recommended,436520,30065965,Posted: 20 February,all,wiguel89,shity game crash all the ♥♥♥♥ing time
76561198262876390,Not Recommended,436520,30641738,Posted: 20 March,all,✅Lukas✅CSGO-Coins.com,I payed 10 Dollars for this♥♥♥♥♥♥lol.
,Not Recommended,436520,29821023,Posted: 10 February,all,Griffen,korean tier free to play shooter
,Not Recommended,436520,29754272,Posted: 6 February,all,STYNZIE,pile of wank
76561198330241572,Not Recommended,436520,28232476,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,-WH-DasReich,"yes don't waste your money on this game... for all intents and purposes it is deader than a door nail, a refund would be nice. But the real question is why Steam would alough the sale of a dead multiplayer only game without warning people that the game is.... well dead!!"
,Recommended,436520,29846854,Posted: 11 February,all,m3mu1rk,omg
,Recommended,436520,29642546,Posted: 1 February,all,Onestone_son,"THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD FOR A FREE TO PLAY. YES, THERE IS MICRO TRANSACTIONS, BUT IF YOU PLAY YOU CAN GET THE GUNS. NO WORRIES IS FUN."
,Recommended,436520,29652770,Posted: 2 February,all,FeHmi 01,goood game
,Recommended,436520,29652456,Posted: 2 February,all,Retrowave Demon,">Went with friend to the local store>Hey, Anon what do you want to buy?>Idk. something to eat I suppose.>Look Anon! It's a fine baguette.>Fam, are you insane? It's worth about 100k plus I need to spend additional 30k for butter, salami, pepperoni peppers and all that stuff.>Anon come here you have some free buns on rotation this week.>Guess I'll eat those till I will save for that baguette and stuff.Idk.Positive tho, cause it's a good game but that idea of getting all loadout slots filled with items you want, it's spooke.Just think about it - how long will it take to fill out 3 loadout slots with desired weapons, powers and characters plus ofc. every weapon with mods.And cause of that I'm going to stay away from this tittle for now.I'll get back to it when the weapon prices or GP earnings will be fixed as I don't like to grind all day, especially MMOFPS games. That was a hit in my heart, I was dreaming about perfect Scar-H setup, but Scar-H alone costs 288k and you need to spend another +/- 40k for mods.I'll pass. No way I'm going to grind like that, I'm not insane.FAQQ: Why are you leaving a positive review if the perm weapon versions are priced THAT high?A: Because this game earns the positive review, it's unfair when people are loosing because they are inexperienced and they are leaving angry negative rewievs and that's why the game has review rating of ""Mixed""Q: Why bother with leaving review when you don't know if you will get back into the game.A: Because I can and because I want, plus I need to mention about those OVERPRICED perm weapons.Q:Whoa, a little bit salty with that caps on overpriced?A:Nope, more like sad cause grinding and waiting is not my thing and combined price of my favorite weapon plus mods (Don't even mention getting all loadouts done) was so spooky that my skeleton left my body.So in the end I'll probably check this game again after price fixes or when I will have some money to spend on E-pleasures."
,Recommended,436520,29629619,Posted: 1 February,all,Yuudha,Awwwwsome !
76561197991844714,Not Recommended,436520,29633857,Posted: 1 February,all,Rex Smashington,Modern Warfare 2 is more fun than this...  Just go buy that old turd instead.  Way more polish and quality.
76561198076078427,Not Recommended,436520,30251902,Posted: 28 February,all,🌸エルサ🌸,It is pointless to sprint in this game because you go about the same speed as walking. And hit reg is pretty bad at times when it comes to sniping. And pay to win. That about sums it up.
76561198180232834,Recommended,436520,29626380,Posted: 1 February,all,♛ Hazard ♛,Better than infinite warfare
,Recommended,436520,29784567,Posted: 8 February,all,termnin,"I don't really see any cons, except you cant keep anything you buy with normal coins.Other than that, no cheaters, fun game, amazing mechanicsIts pretty good for a free to play game"
,Not Recommended,436520,29766144,Posted: 7 February,all,NANI?! | hellcase.com,"This might be the first time I'm rating this game badly, why?-Hard to find matches-Pay for guns, hell not even permanent-Bad looking HUD-Just bad in general, don't install."
,Recommended,436520,29794828,Posted: 8 February,all,✪ DizzyFTP,Do you like Koreans? Do you like FPS? Then meh.
,Not Recommended,436520,29932003,Posted: 14 February,all,Yoshikage Kira Farmskins.com,"Even if there's no microtransaction, this game is already a mess-Shooting mechanic is subpar .-Map design is unbalanced, especially for TDM.-Hitbox system and bullet registration are mediocre.The only good thing is the gun customization. The character Skills could have been better and played an important role in this game.I'm glad i didn't waste a single buck on this game during Early AccessOverall: Just another one of those average F2P FPS. move along"
,Not Recommended,436520,30156499,Posted: 24 February,all,Yung H♡,WTF MAEN!
,Recommended,436520,30228980,Posted: 27 February,all,I ams da savge,its offcical free!?!?!?!?!
,Not Recommended,436520,29749567,Posted: 6 February,all,Pista bacsi,Many bugs and glitches
,Not Recommended,436520,29749229,Posted: 6 February,all,TunaSamich,"Figured as much, can't play anything except ugly fat men unless you buy the female characters with real cash or rent one."
,Recommended,436520,30206326,Posted: 26 February,all,Bot Chris,"So here's the deal with this game, at first look, it seems like a pay-2-win system, however upon further inspection that's bs. This game does indeed try to  have a pay-2-win system, however to your luck, it miserably fails. It keeps guns in rotation so you just need to save up some money to buy attachments and you're good. This game actually does run well for me, and it doesn't take too much skill to put a person using a sniper in duel mode where they belong. I enjoy the gunplay and gamemodes in this game, the graphics could be better, but for me, that's not a serious issue. One thing this game does need improvement on is the movement system and vague ability controls. The reason people get bored of this game is because a. The movement speed is so slow it bores you, even with the small maps and b. Progression can be pretty slow, when you get the first 80,000 or so credits, spend them wisely, you won't likely be seeing that kind of money for some time. If this game upped the progression by even 15% people would enjoy this  game more, along with removal of timers on purchased guns, i mean come on i don't want a subscription to a gun i just want attachments. anyways, ok game right now, needs work but after that I really think this could be a good shooter. 5/10"
76561198018343074,Recommended,436520,29708911,Posted: 4 February,all,|BK:ThePothead 💯,10/10 game jsut come out and its ♥♥♥♥ing sick still needs work but its new soo wat u expected foking luv it m8888 :D
76561198033878096,Not Recommended,436520,29729810,Posted: 5 February,all,Goregasm,"Absolute trash, not so much because of the difficulty of obtaining gear without spending money, but because it's just a poorly designed and implemented game. Small maps, short matches, boring sub-par graphics, very little content. There are dozens of FPS games better than this, just avoid. It also constantly loses server connection."
,Not Recommended,436520,29729811,Posted: 5 February,all,ultymus,If I wait for my enemies in a corner for 1 min so I can stab them it means I'm idle.Great.
,Recommended,436520,29787234,Posted: 8 February,all,Slayer,THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND REVOLUTIONARY
,Recommended,436520,30192264,Posted: 26 February,all,Diamonds King,Its k but pretty bad graphichs! But you know its free (nothing to lose) only time and disk space! :D
,Not Recommended,436520,30204136,Posted: 26 February,all,Kaisen,So bad!
,Not Recommended,436520,29841316,Posted: 10 February,all,RazeD,"Out of all of the games I have played this year, this is one of them. So lets get into thisFrom a second into the game, the Tutorial is so painstakingly long that it acts as if you have never wiped your own♥♥♥♥♥before. The map design is terrible, as the maps are all copies and pastes of other better games. I instantly thought i was playing Warface on the cargo map. The gunplay is littered with campers as almost every headshot is an insta-kill, and since the hitboxes are so ♥♥♥♥ing large its almost impossible NOT to miss. You can easily get pushed right into your spawn and killed over and over again without a chance to escape in the matter. The matchmaking queues are awfully long which would be fine if i could go over my gear and check my stats and maybe do some field training, but you are locked in a menu forced to watch the total time display go past '300'. This game is NOT ready to be played, not even past the Alpha stages. I have some experience with the engine they used and it has so many opportunities that they are just not taking.Now I would be fine with this as fixes are most likely coming soon, but the developers are so adamant to say ""this game does what other games dont"" and while some parts of that statement are true, the execution is horrible. Hell, even in the trailers you see constant sniper gameplay with people getting picked off every second, their OWN trailer is too OP!The fact that this game has a 'Mixed' rating is laughable at best, but hey, if you want to play some more of this cancer just hit me up. One of my favorite parts of the game so far is the customisation, i havent gone too deep into it but it seems so open and you can make your full armory of weapons look almost exactly that you want them to be.3/10 is my final rating, but check the date as stuff could change, it still holds some promise which is yet to be seen."
76561198049026207,Not Recommended,436520,29753270,Posted: 6 February,all,SkankHunt42,"This game is so bad on so many levels. The amount of money for gear is huge and mostly you will have permanent weapons only if you pay for them 10$/weapon or an imense amount of game currency. All i needed was 2 games and in both i had hackers and it was damn annoying and the ""boosters"" aka powers dont even let me start OMG they are so bad. Even Crysis was better at this point with their costumes, this game tryes to copy that but it sucks. And I am a newbie just played this game and all i can say aswell is that the machmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also please don't even bother with this game, better play Minecraft."
76561198049331396,Not Recommended,436520,29885548,Posted: 12 February,all,The Funk,"Most ego sentric FPS have played. Also the rules like to change all by themselves. Shot a guy in the leg (fresh spawn) and he dead after one shot. Ok little op but ok. Shoot another guy in the chest, he just took it then killed me. What? Also when you lag you move like a snail, leaving everyone else to run rings around you, literally. Then there is the community (if you could call it that) bunch of kids constantly whining about their snipers not getting one shot kills (much like this review acctually)"
,Recommended,436520,30159636,Posted: 24 February,all,>>XGunAxsassinX<<,"Looks better than CS:GO, personally I think it also has a special edge to its gameplay.My only complaint is that although its F2P, guns in the game are hard to get without cashing."
,Not Recommended,436520,30158785,Posted: 24 February,all,SiNNiR,"+++++  HAHAHA OMG TRASH  ++++++********  AVOID  ********Was this game made for tablets or phones?What crappy mechanics and gameplay, so stuttery and utter crap.Seriously steam community... This game is absolute junk.There's nothing good about this game... AT ALL.I'd rather have sex with a blender than waste harddrive space ont his game."
,Not Recommended,436520,30161444,Posted: 25 February,all,Miko,"please, devs,remove the gun rental system and the whole gems things. and make the game Pay to Playif you want to keep it Free to Play, please just sell skins, aesthatics, and cosmetics or what not..if you make the game pay to play. REMOVE THE GUN RENTAL SYSTEM AND GEMS!!!if you want to keep it free to play. SELL COSMETICS, SKINS THAT DONT AFFECT GAMEPLAY!!!.this system is ♥♥♥♥ing cheap.dont get this game unless you like grinding your bones off just to buy a weapon for it to be permanentor you can throw money at the screen"
76561198058543644,Not Recommended,436520,29832237,Posted: 10 February,all,Macadamia Premium,"Five minutes into the game, uninstalled it instantly. This game is so unoptimized that even my gtx 960m plays the game around 10fps. Really? Hell, even gtx 960m  can run BF1 and Titanfall 2 at least 50fps and are you saying that your game is so graphic demanding that it can only run in 10fps? I don't think so. Heck, I can't even make an account because of a bug, which leaves me to uninstall the game and never touch this game. The only game experience I had was in tutorial level, which was soooo boring and uninsteresting. Overall, I don't recommend this game due to horrible optimization."
,Not Recommended,436520,29864139,Posted: 11 February,all,islamic state of gaming,P2W. Bunny hopping. Hackers.
,Not Recommended,436520,29867197,Posted: 12 February,all,Discount,Every game I joined had at least three people with 1 shot at any range sniper rifles.
76561198049793853,Not Recommended,436520,29876013,Posted: 12 February,all,Raigoun,"Worst servers eeeeeeevvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrr every god damn day i have to wait for about half an hour to join in game to connect the servers,hitbox its ♥♥♥♥ed up like hell and no weapons to expensive gg wp 10/10 i would unistall again"
,Recommended,436520,29835096,Posted: 10 February,all,Giodueck,"Cool game, kinda like CS, but better.The weapon tuning is neat, but the game could use some extra weapons. Also, money is not easy to make, even if one plays well, and stuff is very expensive, things like a camo paintjob for an assault rifle shouldn't cost 70 diamonds.It would also be good to add offline bot games, to practice and have fun when the servers are down or when you just want to escape from the real combat for a while.Overall a nice game. Unlike games like COD or CS, this one requires real skill and needs a player to stick to his/her weapons strengths, or you will fail miserably."
,Recommended,436520,30069860,Posted: 20 February,all,Ғoя†is Ғoя†unα Adiuvα,asda
,Recommended,436520,29930238,Posted: 14 February,all,TyLe <3,"Snipers are pretty op, everything one shot headshots, which is pretty dumb, but besides that its super fun.edit:this game is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198144277038,Not Recommended,436520,29701234,Posted: 4 February,all,Quasar Q,playes for 30 min the rest waiting LoL
76561198038440103,Not Recommended,436520,29654475,Posted: 2 February,all,Tomahawks of Freedom,-garbage map design-instant death-delay after reload animation finshes where you cant fire-no feedback when taking hits-camping is the only way to win
,Not Recommended,436520,30111509,Posted: 22 February,all,flatbeat_,"I've tried everything in my power, and I cannot get this game to ♥♥♥♥ing display."
76561198205385512,Not Recommended,436520,30017010,Posted: 18 February,all,egg,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing abysmal.  first off, one thing that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was how in the tutorial, it told you to play a bot game before actually playing. Seems fine right? No.  for 40 straight ♥♥♥♥in minutes i looked for the goddamn ""custom match"" button.  Nope.  i dont think it ♥♥♥♥in exsists.  As you can tell im ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  The graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥  well, the graphics themselves arent so bad, actually good for such little space it takes up.  The thing thats terrible is the iron sight, oh sweet jesus are they terrible.  You know when a screen glitches aoutand it turns all pixely and yellowish,  well thats the ironsight.  im pretty sure They are actually a ♥♥♥♥ing jpeg.  And holy mother christ are the animation terrible.  The UI is ABSOLUTLY ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE.  The weapon unlock system is just stupid.  The game is trying to be unique by having a slightly different interface, a god awful unlock system, and literally ther most ♥♥♥♥ing generic gameplay i have seen in a f2p shooter.  if you are looking for a game like this, i would higly reccommend dirty bomb, as it has similar unlock systems, only with characters, and has WAY better gameplay.  iu personally dont like dirty bomb that much, but compared to this game, its ♥♥♥♥in heaven.  Oh did i mention that the voice acting is worse than a ♥♥♥♥ing rip-off animated film.(if you dont know what i am talking about just watch this.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8s-agVDrEg"
,Not Recommended,436520,29690305,Posted: 4 February,all,LuCENA,game wont even start
,Not Recommended,436520,29996708,Posted: 17 February,all,GoldenRibica,you need to get on your own how to start playing becouse menu is hard to naviget its got too much stuff evrywhere you click ...You need to play almost 100 games to get enuff money for gun .you need to buy with real money gems so you can change color of guns or get new armor to customize your characteryou need to pay with gems to get more characters for permanentyou need to play with some hackers that will tell you that they are pro and you are noobfor example i play whitout death  for almost full match and than one guy joine us in matchi was camping behind wall and he run straight to me and survive 2 sniper bullets in chest and kill me with one bullet from pistolthat was bad thingfor good side - it was fun playing 30 mins than pause than 30mins more and than thats it you will get boredbecouse you cant get permanent gunand another good thing is that you can normaly customize weapons (upgrade ) its not 2 easy its not 2hardmy opinion about game is  2/10becouse its get bad graphic  and i set it to max and i get only 50-60fps and some lag on servers lolwith my pc i play gta 5 with no problems  on /medium/high settings and witcher 3  same settings
76561198150094219,Not Recommended,436520,29997658,Posted: 17 February,all,Meowmers,"Don't touch this♥♥♥♥♥♥Definitely not beginner friendly.Poorly optimized.Weapons cost a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money to buy, and you are only given 10k at the beginning when each gun cost at least 100k.Spawn camping simulator, legit this one dude manage to get first blood with his sniper rifle within 3 seconds of the round.If you try the game don't touch free for all since the spawn system is ♥♥♥♥ed. I felt dirty everytime I spawnkilled someone and I felt cheated by the system when someone spawned behind me.The game runs on Unreal engine, which is good for the most part until you get to spectate and realize how crappy the graphic is.Play Dirty bomb instead. Basically the same thing but better."
,Recommended,436520,29720682,Posted: 5 February,all,Alii7M,its Great ♥
76561198281904194,Not Recommended,436520,29901144,Posted: 13 February,all,iamnambawan,the game mechnics are well done for a free 2 play game. most frustrating part is when you select a game lobby you can select your region after you selected it is hard to judge connection quality of the server that you are joining to.
,Recommended,436520,29939885,Posted: 15 February,all,GhostBuckets©,Real Good And Free almost Reach COD just kidding Cod Better But The Price Of Cod Its Really expensive Maybe Try This First before Going To COD LOL.
,Recommended,436520,26667515,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kadge,I would recon this game as a free to play in order to make more people in the community play this game so thiss game wont be broken and less rooms and less people on.
,Recommended,436520,30109952,Posted: 22 February,all,.knSe1 | ZOWIE,SERU GAMENYA KYK MAIN BLACKSQUAD VERSI STEAM ! TP FPS NO DROP SERU SERU!MAINNYA PUN BISA SAMA SEMUA NEGARA TANPA NGELAG DAN DELAY PELURUNYA
,Recommended,436520,29991072,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ Shroud -iwnl-,"Best game,Pros:-good weapon loadout-cool character modificationCons:-potato servers (sometimes)-buggy and laggy"
76561198034328368,Not Recommended,436520,29949434,Posted: 15 February,all,Erika,Good game with Latency Issues...Playing in Asia+Playing in Asia (SEA) server = 240+pingUnless they fix their connection I'm not gonna recommend this game..It isn't a joke..
,Recommended,436520,30008910,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ creez 4.0,неплохо но фпс приседает
76561198283621758,Not Recommended,436520,29841058,Posted: 10 February,all,DontShootMyA,just very bad1.look's nothing like the pictures and video2.i stuck in the loading screen and my internet is in working condition3.very lagi do not recommend playing this gane
,Not Recommended,436520,29831254,Posted: 10 February,all,CA7Z,Movement not smooth. Could use a simpler UI that is easy to navigate. Shooting mechanics for snipers are ok. No predictable recoil control for rifles.
,Not Recommended,436520,29784728,Posted: 8 February,all,Shnics,you nee like 30000000 years to get a weapon and 40000000 years to get another one
,Not Recommended,436520,29750601,Posted: 6 February,all,Jannine. AfternoonDotkaSuckaCyka,Feels like Alliance of Valiant Arms in pixelated mode with sluggish combat. Might as well just play AvA.
76561198104290990,Recommended,436520,29945043,Posted: 15 February,all,HeirOfFire,i like the style and basically everything about it but every time i hit matchmaking the game crashes. Does anyone know how to fix this?
76561198127934888,Not Recommended,436520,29975614,Posted: 16 February,all,TNTManXD,"Its crap. everytings pay to play, and the game is full of hackers, and soley involves using sniper rifels, which, as a beginning player, is impossible to get other than taking it form the dead body of other players"
76561198026007569,Not Recommended,436520,29992891,Posted: 17 February,all,Unknown,..
,Recommended,436520,29888584,Posted: 12 February,all,ｐｈｉｌｏｓｏｐｈｅ,10/10 would play an AI match again.
76561198044947062,Recommended,436520,29941585,Posted: 15 February,all,PureUber,"Well, ive been playing for 5 days now (it only shows 18hrs for some reason, but i assure you, ive been on at least 6hrs a day), and im finally at the point where i can write an honest review.Lets start with the good:- 21 game modes (realistically about 14 if you dont count ""classic"" game modes).- A nice selection of weapons and attachments that ACTUALLY effect the handling characteristics of the weapon.- Consistent play base. What i mean by that is, Ive seen a few players on multiple occasions in different lobbies. This is a GOOD thing, it shows that the servers filter out non-regional players. So you wont get someone in Asia playing on a North American server.- Fairly short que time. it says 30-60sec estimated but realistically it takes about 1min-2min on average. The games last anywhere 15min-30min.- I WASNT going to put ""server stability"" in the good section, but i am now. The first day  i started, the servers were broken. I was booted multiple times from lack of server stability. Not even 2hrs later, they patched it :) ! So NOW the servers are running great! havent been kicked once since the patch.- Character Abilities AKA ""super powers"" are pretty cool. Its a GIVE/TAKE system where ""using your powers drains your health and energy"". Its good because you dont see everyone running around spamming powers becuase it actually hurts you in the process.- SKILL TREE'S!!!! YES, thats right, skill trees. You literally have 3 skill trees that you can progress through to make your soldier very unique. Tons of little perks such as throwing distance increase for grenades, extra mag for your gun, scavanger to pick up ammo. Even support style skills that share your mini map data with your team so they can see enemies. VERY HELPFUL!!!THE BAD:- Lets just get this out of the way. Hackers. NOT A LOT, but they are there. Ive encountered some of them, for example 52:2  KDR, during a search and destroy (reported), and he actually got banned for hacking shortly after (the dev's are on point about that.)- Try hards. I dont know about you, but i try and be POSITIVE with my team, even if we are losing. I hate it when i see players blow up the ingame chat with ""WOW, my team is trash"" and ""Stormtroopers have better accuracy than my team"". To top it off, they are in CASUAL game lmao, not even in ranked. SO YEAH, F U TRY HARDS!!!Overall I give this game a solid 8/10. I enjoy playing it and have already made some friends in the process. Give it a try! ITS FREE."
,Recommended,436520,29700627,Posted: 4 February,all,kasoy,why i cant open please help :(
,Not Recommended,436520,29791228,Posted: 8 February,all,SCP-682,"So, do you like useless guns that are not snipers? Do you like mostly useless powers because they are not snipers? This game is just a sniper fest on every map and game mode because no matter what you have, a sniper is a 1 shot kill. the only way i survived a sniper shot is from death streak boosts. i even got the heaviest armor i could get and still 1 shot kill snipers. over half the maps are designed to be sniper freindly. it is also one of the easiest games ive seen to snipe in. its easier than CS:S. game requires no skill to have a good K/D r just point and click. it has a great concept to it its just not fun when im the only one trying to use other guns against 10 snipers."
76561198141969112,Not Recommended,436520,29752465,Posted: 6 February,all,coffee is my boo bear,"This game is fun when you're on sniper only servers, but otherwise, it's not that fun. Unless you have the reflexes and the patience of some superhuman, this isn't the game for you. Just remember that this game is in early developement and there are going to be issues.Some pros.-The game runs well on a potato-Not many hackers-Landing a kill feels somewhat decent-Special currency is free for a week when you download the gameSome cons.-There are so many things on the screen that you can't tell what's going on-Whenever I aim at someone and my sniper crosshair is on their head, it counts as not hitting the person. ( I stand completely still and I still don't get shots off of people. )- You shoot people in the head and they don't die.-Crosshairs take up about a third of my screen.As you can see, the pro's aren't that good, and the cons are very, very bad. I just don't recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of COD, CSGO, any other CS game, or people who have a good taste in games."
,Recommended,436520,27360113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dare kerza is recording cs,"Great game, smart idea to get good at it before it one day goes free to play."
76561198067024619,Not Recommended,436520,29886566,Posted: 12 February,all,NCT U,Its bad
,Recommended,436520,29751909,Posted: 6 February,all,Crystal Valkyrie,"not bad, not bad at all."
,Recommended,436520,29762306,Posted: 7 February,all,Magical Potato,"Good game, similarity to Combat Arms is quite small, good mechaninc and fun to play. Many cutomization options for weapons, a bit grind based but fun.The game is not pay to win as many reviews says. Pay to win means you need to spend real money, in this game you get both currency for free. The game is totaly playeable with training m4a1 whic is the one I use.  The only expensive thing is skins, with gems but that is not Pay to win morons. It's just grind.Do recomend.And beside, you get free weapon every week."
,Not Recommended,436520,29998733,Posted: 17 February,all,Neutral Creep,"just worst to play. not realistic, hard to play. i dont even know why i try this game."
76561198193095457,Recommended,436520,29696477,Posted: 4 February,all,Senpai™,"It's actually pretty fun to play.Downloaded it expecting nothing. Turned out to be really entertaining and time consuming, in a good way.(It is pay to win though, so... yeah)"
,Recommended,436520,29696714,Posted: 4 February,all,Shikoba^-^,having played the game for 12+hours i can say that this game is NOT pay to win like some of the reviews say. to reach the 144k needed to get the gun of your choice you would only need to do the daily and weekly missions a few times and you're set. i don't see why people believe most of these reviews. original combat arms on the other hand is VERY pay to win. back when i played Aliance of Valient Arms it was also very much pay to win but i still enjoyed the game because it is a great game at it's core some people just need to realize that just because a weapon costs alot of ingame money for permanent doesn't mean that it's gonna be THAT hard to get. I love the game and so far I think it's doing a pretty damn good job because the developers respond to your twitter posts and do everything they can to improve the game. By the way crosshair customization will be better soon hint hint...I suggested this and they are listening.
,Recommended,436520,29766561,Posted: 7 February,all,Dave,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics,Hyper space warface ripoffGreat boob physics,10/10"
,Recommended,436520,29781768,Posted: 8 February,all,BA | Crozex,It's a good game it reminds me of cod and csgo combined
,Recommended,436520,29782129,Posted: 8 February,all,CosmicHobo,"A comprehensive review...The F2P aspect and the P2W curse... Is it P2W?A lot of people will tell you yes. I say figure it out for yourself.The training M4(Default Rifle) is actually REALLY good. I was dominating duels with that gun. Like straight up ruining the experience for other players. Sure, you CANNOT mod it in anyway, and the M4A1 costs 144k of in game currency. Well, that should be doable in a short period of time right? Like a few hours? ♥♥♥♥ no. Minus the first match I played (50K bonus) and minus the in game achievements (1-3K) you are raking in a whopping 100-300 cash per game. Holy ♥♥♥♥. Yeah, this issue is further pressed by the weapon system. The Devs have created an absolutely BEAUTIFUL system for modifying your weapon. But... The attachments cost the in game currency. And they aren't cheap. 6K minimum. Maybe a Dev or Shill will pop in a be like ""Oh but Cumbutticus, there is an attachment for the M7A123v4 Laser Pistol (Im making♥♥♥♥♥♥up here) that only costs 5k!"" I mean sure, there are a FEW attachments that cost under 6K. But the amount of them that there are and the appreciable amount under 6k is certainly negligable.In my personal opinion, I don't think it is strictly P2W, just because the starting gun really makes other Assault Rifles a side grade. I have made no mention of the Rotational System they have in place either, which is another mitigating factor. The Rotation System they have in place basically will give you a weapon from every category to play with. I THINK (I am stressing the THINK part, because I am not certain) that playing with the rotational weapons will reduce the amount of money you make per match. I might have that COMPLETELY wrong, so if I am, PLEASE point that out. I don't use those, because I'd rather use a gun that I have earned or paid for, which I can add mods to and appreciate them.So, P2W? Like I said: Figure it the ♥♥♥♥ out yourself. I am of the personal opinion. OPINION. That there are enough mitigating circumstances that the P2W element is rounded off a bit while still allowing the Devs to make money. However, the ability to generate in game currency is neutered and permanent items cost♥♥♥♥♥LOADS of money. So... Its a tough call for me.Next category...Graphics and Optimization!The game looks great. I mean, I think so anyways! I run it at the highest settings and 1440p. I think it looks great and runs like butter. And ♥♥♥♥ man... I love butter. Keep in mind... I am not playing on a rig that when processed creates vodka. I game on a high end rig because I am a no life having piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Specs for the curious: (Its from Speccy)Operating SystemWindows 10 Pro 64-bitCPUIntel Core i7 6700K @ 4.00GHz	24 °C  *OC'd to 4.5Ghz, the @4.00♥♥♥♥♥♥is from Intel. Really proud of that I guess)Skylake 14nm TechnologyRAM32.0GB Dual-Channel Unknown @ 1599MHz (16-18-18-38)MotherboardEVGA INTERNATIONAL CO.LTD 151-SS-E179 (U3E1)	25 °CGraphicsROG PG278Q (2560x1440@144Hz)4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X (EVGA)	28 °C4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X (EVGA)	27 °CForceWare version: 376.33SLI EnabledStorage1863GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO 2TB (SSD)	28 °C1863GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO 2TB (SSD)	26 °C1863GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO 2TB (SSD)	31 °COptical DrivesNo optical disk drives detectedAudioSound Blaster Recon3DiSo yeah, take my opinion on how well it plays for yourself. I have a buddy that plays on a 1050ti and I didn't hear him ♥♥♥♥♥ about anything. Personally, the game looks good, but its about on par with what you would expect from the likes of WarFace, AVA, or the other F2P FPS you'd find here on Steam.SoundIts really nothing special. Things sound the way they should, maybe a bit bland, but a sniper rifle doesn't sound like it is a suppressed .22 pistol. So there is that. You should not expect Battle Field 4 or 1 levels of sound quality. I mean. At all. Those dudes have nailed sound to a bed and butt ♥♥♥♥ed it for so long the can basically generate any noise on the face of the planet in any conceivable environment. It is so so. Nothing special, but not un bearable. As for the music... I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea. I mute that♥♥♥♥♥♥first thing, and play some stuff suitable for the ears of a♥♥♥♥♥♥lord.StoryHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!I mean. What did you expect?And now for the last category. ♥♥♥♥ing playability. The controls. How does that♥♥♥♥♥♥handle?Well man, let me tell you, the controls are responsive. The game plays well. You won't be murdered by your lack of ability to handle the controls. You will be murdered however by 900ping pieces of ♥♥♥♥ that play on the wrong server so they can be ♥♥♥♥ lords and suck on♥♥♥♥♥♥while they play because they are literal pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ those pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously. ♥♥♥♥ those guys and gals. Those ♥♥♥♥s ruin the game for people. And I am not nearly as affected by them as other people, because a lot of times those ♥♥♥♥ faces will lock down a lane with a snippy snap (sniper rifle for the civilized reading this far) and my brain dead ♥♥♥♥ faced team mates will continue to just run that♥♥♥♥♥♥forever, ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it, but not adjusting their technique or stratedgy. Ok, off track. The controls are good. Everything makes sense. The Devs decided, smartly, not to force you to use the num pad for movement and the rest of the keyboard for looking whilst forcing the mouse to be disabled. I mean. I guess you could say the Devs aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They are decent, passionate guys (and gals I assume, chill the ♥♥♥♥ out SJW pieces of garbage.) who I feel care about the game...Parting thoughts...The game is genuinely fun. I had a blast. However if you suck at FPS games, you will likely suck at this. If you don't care, then go on, play it. Personally, I am reccommending this game, because I like it, and I like to play it with other people. However Duel AI needs some work. I mean. On one hand I don't want the BOT to be using Aimbot on my stupid♥♥♥♥♥ but I also shouldn't be able to waffle stomp♥♥♥♥♥♥down their face holes. I see its an AI match and I am basically just like ""welp I can get 80000 kills and then chill the ♥♥♥♥ out for the last minute of the round."""
,Recommended,436520,30083994,Posted: 21 February,all,♛AidäN♞,Good free game really good fps better anti cheat than vac
,Recommended,436520,29770346,Posted: 7 February,all,Quaked,"To me, I feel as if this game is balanced since I'm an average player in CS: GO.Pro:It's easy to learn, simple sprays and bursts.Easy for low-end pcs to run.Fun Duel mode ( 6 players in 1v1 battle Arenas )Bullets actually REGISTEREasy game for me... lolCons:Payed weapons are OP"
,Recommended,436520,29770396,Posted: 7 February,all,BAYLEN,It s a nice that don t requires a good pc so everybody can play in my opinion is the best free game that came out on the pc on 2017
,Recommended,436520,29695117,Posted: 4 February,all,Mellow20021(2),The GAME is AMEIZING but I can't connect to the server.
76561198060061431,Recommended,436520,28803688,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,...,"The game is good...if you get to play it. When it was first released I played and it was lively, I wait a month or so and just got back on before writing this review...and its pretty much dead. I looked at all 4 rooms, there were only 4 games, 1 in america, 1 in europe, 0 in the third room (forgot area) and 2 in south america...the lobby chat had around 20 people give or take however. so I recommend the game to keep from giving it a bad review because of the player base, lack of players is the only main problem with this game. You can play with AI though for fun if you want to give it a try.  Also be warned, this game seems to be haunted by the devil...or maybe it's just me with this game (I ended my play with 666 kills and 4 screenshots I took was 666 kb to upload)"
,Recommended,436520,29770734,Posted: 7 February,all,INTERNAL PAIN,"Well it's no something impressive, but it's not a bad game. The guys from blackspot done a good job overall. The game is fun.I think the best part of the game is the customization and the gamemodes.Be aware that you are going to wait more than 30 sec. for a mach.I recomend this game for the people who are tired from the current CoD and want something more intersting."
,Recommended,436520,30083961,Posted: 21 February,all,bratulivv,It's not bad
76561198318730733,Not Recommended,436520,30153032,Posted: 24 February,all,Ex,Game is trash
,Recommended,436520,29992445,Posted: 17 February,all,✝ ІМБД 乡✝,FTIAGMENO STA METRA TA DIKA MOU GIA NA SAS KERNAW KAVLIA
76561198256617367,Not Recommended,436520,29715294,Posted: 5 February,all,_intellegite. csgowitch.com,"Awful experience, game is very well done however the ♥♥♥♥ing servers are lagging like crazy, i have 60 ping while some damn imigrants or chinese dudes connect with 600 ping. Fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥and I'm coming back until then I'd rather play tf2"
76561198260547633,Recommended,436520,29820773,Posted: 10 February,all,Pandu510,best F2P FPS i ever played 8/10.note: i kinda hate the fact that item hate time though
,Recommended,436520,30101218,Posted: 22 February,all,JPOSH,"Best i have seen i long time.> i hope this game become's better then cs:go<""Needs-co-op-5v5 ranked and unranked-""God anti-cheat""-host games-more unlocks lvl unlocks"
,Not Recommended,436520,30228789,Posted: 27 February,all,Sid シド,"My time machine must have been out of order,otherwiese I could explain the brain damage I took from this game..."
,Recommended,436520,29889535,Posted: 12 February,all,Frazzle.,I love the game but the servers suck.
76561198051104745,Not Recommended,436520,29730997,Posted: 5 February,all,CorWolf,"Outdated graphics, nealry all guns sound the same, few maps, nothing special, and custimazion for guns poorly executed.Better stick with other FPS."
,Recommended,436520,28169955,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BLUE MOON HORIZON ☽,"for 3.dollars you cant go wrong,,lots of gameplay not too demanding on your computer and very addicting a mix between counter strike and call of duty,i love it. :)"
76561198317977243,Recommended,436520,29819256,Posted: 10 February,all,NoobNationArmy,Im frigging loving it so far. Just cause i just started and i'm getting MVP at every game so far.. With default gun and items.. Their mistake is making m4a1 a permanent default gun. That's my favorite all time gun. Screw P2W. They can get all the Pay to win guns i just need my default M4a1 yeah baby. Lets pray hacks will not come to this game cause rite now its so much fun
76561198361322696,Not Recommended,436520,29656177,Posted: 2 February,all,Neon Icon,"ehhh I find games work best when simplicity is introduced first.... after the tutorial this game loads you in with 20-30 different things in front of you which had me confused while trying to find the match making button. Which was weird, it loaded me into a customization screen first instead of the home screen.Pros -- gameplay is smooth- customization is awesome, goes pretty in depthcons -- servers seem pretty empty for NA, the 2-3 games I played were either very high in ping or the other players were high in ping- Pay 2 win somewhat... you can buy guns permantly or i guess rent from what I saw. never understood why games release with these very weird pricing that kind of pushes players awayall in all, if your looking for something different from cod or CS i guess this is okay but def not a go to"
,Not Recommended,436520,30117554,Posted: 23 February,all,HELPME,lets combat arms steam version
76561198010640061,Not Recommended,436520,33299294,Posted: 5 July,all,kimandrew1,"Needs work a LOT of work. Was in a game today and as soon as I joined,No sound,a player with a blanked out name and godmode. Needs a lot of work."
76561198118838238,Not Recommended,436520,30219861,Posted: 27 February,all,Yemi,"The matchmaking is just aweful! I had to go to other peoples servers just to play and don't expect to talk to anyone, most don't even talk English. Overall its not a bad game! if you want stuff perm you need to spend real cash or use their ingame currency that they seem to give a lot of. So that's good. I found the game to be boring after about 2 games."
,Not Recommended,436520,29940202,Posted: 15 February,all,*I Throw Rocks At Fat People*,Too much bugs.... even for a f2p
,Not Recommended,436520,30216272,Posted: 27 February,all,kankaoli02,"not good, has potential maps aren't big enough controls are sloppy, a lot of room for improvementl."
,Not Recommended,436520,30196097,Posted: 26 February,all,Xosmi,"Not recommended as it is - the game is ahuge mess.Going into it the menus and options are hard to navigate, the game is trying to cram too much unneccesary information in.In an actual game, character movement feels 'off' - more like you are skating on ice then actually running around.Be prepared to face players that have bought female character models (because they have smaller hit-boxes) and in individual duels for everyone to camp in place/move around crouched so they don't make sound - making for very non-interesting and frustrating gameplay."
76561198151860772,Not Recommended,436520,30077744,Posted: 21 February,all,Somrug,"If devs made everything 100 times cheaper and removed microtransactions, then the game would maybe have a bigger player base.Now to Pros and ConsPros:-Customization (Helmets, armor, weapon modules etc.)-Solid gameplay-A lot of gamemodes (although there can be 3 variants of the same gamemode)-Finding servers doesn't take too long (40 seconds on average for me)-Decent graphics-""Delete button"" is easy to reach and pressCons:-Microtransactions (Some ""Gems"" to get stuff faster but for real money.Also character and weapon customization, skins, crates, etc. are only obtainable by buying them with those ""Gems"")-Toxic community(Kids writing with ""Caps Lock"" turned on 24/7, and whining tryhards that will yell at everyone if they die because it's totally their team's fault)-Sky high prices (You need to grind for ages to simply buy some gun permanently. For example after a decent match you can get 150 credits or whatever they're called, and to buy a gun permanently you need 144.000 credits. Now, good luck getting that much)-Some guns are unbalanced (You can customize some rifle, (And i don't mean sniper rifle) so that it kills most of player in 2-3 shots but at cost of fire rate (Although it doesn't really matter).-Spawncamping (On some maps you simply can get pinned by some sniper, sitting on some rooftop at the other end of the map. It looks like there's some fresh-spawn invincibility system, but I'm not sure about that)-BattleEye Anticheat (Just a spyware, that makes the antivirus popup everytime I launch the game)Overall:It's one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games, corrupted by greed. if it was more free to play and had less grinf, then it would  be a much better game. And also now all new games have loot crates, which i find stupid because they're obtained only for real money in most of games and drop ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot.Also it would be nice to have all weapons, mods and etc. to be cheap and only permanent and not time-limited.So, I'd say that it's not worth playing this game and grinding for something and that ""Warface"" is a much better alternative."
,Not Recommended,436520,30081862,Posted: 21 February,all,{GFY} Whirly,"Great conecepts for the guns and armor. Completely customizableBUT, the gameplay feels like it's a 7 year old FPS."
,Not Recommended,436520,30116955,Posted: 23 February,all,Testarossa,"Fun, butt the weapons are way to expensive, the map are pretty stupid, unbalance hitbox, the sounndtrack is horrible, main menu is pretty messed up and why people want to spend their real/in game mooney to borrow a weapon for 3 days? Probably people thats addicted to the game or a child, thats why a triple A game developers does not offer their in game stuff for 3 days, they offer it for permanent.Fix the hitboxes, make the weapons permanent buy for cheaper and add some news fresh and uniqe map.Ow yeah and SERVER HAS BEEN TERMINATED"
76561198205701672,Not Recommended,436520,30196242,Posted: 26 February,all,おっぱいが最高です,"Many HACKER, good game though"
,Not Recommended,436520,30682683,Posted: 23 March,all,Masquerade.,"Played since the beta. Gave it a try back then. Too many laggy brazilians on the EU servers to be enjoyable.Players asked for region lock on servers, and for anti-cheating software.Neither happened. They ""fixed"" the brazilian players by adding movement speed penalties to players with high latency.Nothing was done to the hackers.Worst of all, during the beta, at numerous occasions the community managers, GMs, and devs would protect the hackers, even the most blatant ones. They also focused on ""Fixing"" all the wrong things. When hackers complained about how the claymore killed them so often, they responded by making the claymore give off a loud beeping noise and take 2 seconds or so to explode, giving hackers plenty of time to retaliate with their aimbot. This was done, rather than the proposed ""Make the lasers of the claymore visible so that it takes skill and practice to place claymores well"".These guys are not serious. They don't listen to their community. The game is also massively Pay-to-win. You'd better get your wallet out and get some of those sweet, sweet weapons bought at level 1, or you'll have to grind and grind while facing hackers to get them later on.The gameplay is fine, but nobody who's legit will enjoy this game.Positives?The game looks like CoD: MW2 got a shader upgrade and better anti-aliasing. That's about it, really."
76561198119257696,Not Recommended,436520,30068903,Posted: 20 February,all,WoodElk,"sucks, boring, cringiest voice acting"
76561198330597447,Not Recommended,436520,30123258,Posted: 23 February,all,Mahiro-san,why this is not working.. always connecting server only.. sad life
76561198035030196,Not Recommended,436520,30124440,Posted: 23 February,all,伊達 政宗,Nexon still doin samething...P2Win system is working and you don't have a choice so you can't buy weapons with permanent time and ıt is too expensive with game currency.Aim system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you can't feel shooting fellin.Iron sight is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥because u can't see your forward it is too stupid.This GAME SUCKS!
,Not Recommended,436520,30166560,Posted: 25 February,all,Azathoth,"You know....i gave this game a try a few times and i somewhat like it...but... i have some honest feedback for the devs. IFirst of all the whole gems thing...reduce the prices, or make all guns accesible by levelling.The gameplay is fine for a f2p game and actually feels fun, but some guns need to be worked better, recoil, gun rate etc.The whole health bar concept is a joke, especially when playing tdm, its impossible to go on large streaks with it. Maybe take examples from COD and make health regenerable OR put medics and other classes into the game to make it actually a team based experience.Lastly....THE ♥♥♥♥ING RED OUTLINE FOR ENEMIES, HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥MATE WTF WERE YOU THINKING. I'm not even overexaggerating right now, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is wack. I can literally throw down smoke and SNIPE enemies through it because i can see the red outline. Remove that♥♥♥♥♥♥from the game, and create factions so we can differentiate who is who. That completely ruins any sort of competitive experience, you cant hide properly, you cant even snipe properly cause they can see you from across the map and pick you off. It becomes a ""wave your mouse around and shoot the red outlines from afar"" type of game. If you want people to take this game seriously it HAS to be removed. You could easily be making cash just from adding dlcs, no need to do it with gems and lack of gameplay. Also plox add going prone in the game thx."
76561198153155578,Not Recommended,436520,30218317,Posted: 27 February,all,Aigis (P3),Toxic Ruskies
,Recommended,436520,29938137,Posted: 15 February,all,ThePerthAnnihilator,Line of Sight is a better in every way version of♥♥♥♥♥♥Strike go!
76561198166111164,Recommended,436520,29851311,Posted: 11 February,all,DaveTehMower,"Honestly, when I say I reccomned this game, I mean you should play, but be careful. I cant run the game and play it so I wouldnt know what it is like, but it looks great. they do need to fix the ""Bit"" problem. You need a 86x or 64x bit Java and a different type of windows besides Windows 7. So, fix that, and this game will be ten times better."
,Recommended,436520,29936818,Posted: 14 February,all,EclypseD,it gud
76561198160451539,Recommended,436520,29754446,Posted: 6 February,all,paul.flournoy6,FUN GAME!
,Recommended,436520,30136272,Posted: 24 February,all,Vulgar,Way over complicated menu. Fun gameplay.
,Recommended,436520,29655906,Posted: 2 February,all,Max Verstappen,this game is way to easy . there is no recoil ! in short Boring
,Recommended,436520,30152584,Posted: 24 February,all,JasonDotCalm,"To me, this is like Call of Duty(the modern warfare part of the series) mixed with Crysis(only because of the look of the suit and also because of some of the Abilities).  It's fast paced, the graphics and animations are decent, the gameplay is alright, the weapons customizing is somewhat satisfying, and overall is a fun game to me.  It's definitely worth trying."
,Recommended,436520,28172715,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,akaLinkx,Good game but its clunky a little but the game has alot of potential.
,Recommended,436520,28194932,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,1-800-Uughh-meehh-Blem,"Could have been good.Sadly, nobody plays it.I guess you could say 'Nobody has this in their Line of Sight' ....*Ba Dum Tsss*Where's the bleach? :^("
76561198120351833,Recommended,436520,30132568,Posted: 23 February,all,jjdk11,"game isnt the worst but its also not the best.(yet there is room for improvement) maps are to open and small, the spawns in some maps are very close together making spawn camping way to easy, and the VERY expensive store items make the game a bit of a pay to win, but like i said its not all bad. it looks like you focused more on game mechanics then graphics unlike some games.(cough cough call of duty cough cough) and the super powers make the game interesting and crazy but there not mandatory which is great.  it has a counterstrike feeling but with super powers. keep up the good work theres a lot of potential here"
,Recommended,436520,30133057,Posted: 23 February,all,Scrap Dog,"Fairly decent game. Its a bit repetitive but its really fun.-Pros-Character Customization (which is very lacking in FPS games today)-Different Skills (ESP, Psue-Phue- I dont know how to spell it)-Different Gamemodes (search and destroy, team deathmatch, free-for-all)-Different Modes (classic, ESP, Psue-Phue)-Lots of guns and attachments-Cons-Like most free FPS games, guns have a time limit on which you can use them-Can lag at the beginning of a match-Kind of confusing menuOverall: 8.9/10"
,Recommended,436520,30133383,Posted: 23 February,all,Nick,"It's alright for a f2p FPS Game. But I will say this, this game definitley needs a TON of work."
76561198344907926,Recommended,436520,30127983,Posted: 23 February,all,znichols73109,good game
,Recommended,436520,30129324,Posted: 23 February,all,Jacob,"Don't listen to the people who say it's paid to win.You have to work for your stuff. So what.Everything you can buy with cash you can buy with GP as well..Now if you don't like working for♥♥♥♥♥♥you want, take your millennial♥♥♥♥♥elsewhere."
76561198134924375,Recommended,436520,29990828,Posted: 17 February,all,Swiisher,"Good concept of what their trying to achieve here. I feel if they bring a bit more uniqueness and smoothness it can be a good game. Being honest i would rather just go and download csgo , because its almost the same game but more clunky. They have work to do if they would like to compete in the FPS genre especially because of the many solid FPS games out right know. i reccomend it if you are looking for something new. Other than that theres better eslwhere atm."
,Not Recommended,436520,29632646,Posted: 1 February,all,Dommy Machine of Maroon colour,"It feels as though they've tried to remove any sense of skill from the game; by making it far, far too forgivable and easy for the ""Unskilled player."" It doesn't allow much room for improvement like a typical competitive game. Making opponents far too easy to see with the red outlines and player models far too large. It is a kind of game in which you really don't have to try in order to perform well; giving no real skill difference in players. With the only progression being pay to achieve I personally don't find this enjoyable; however it has alot of potential.7/10As well as the small matchmaking bugs that im sure will be fixed later, such as people from brazil and australia being in the same servers as people from france and belgium on a US server; Meaning everyone has over 300 ping."
,Not Recommended,436520,29628669,Posted: 1 February,all,xCAKSx,Player base is very small...Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥( I am in china )I wasnt able to create a game with Al and noone to play with.....Dont waste your time....
76561198012746335,Not Recommended,436520,29633576,Posted: 1 February,all,fatalis_black,"Clunky movement to get up and down things, uncontrollable weapons, no matter how experienced you are with other fps once you shoot is all luck if the bullet is going to hit or not. Maps so stupid that you can easly get spawn camped w/o any chance to get out of it. Weapon prices are sky high no way youre getting a permanent one w/o playing 24/7 for a week.Garbage Game"
,Not Recommended,436520,29705795,Posted: 4 February,all,The Damp One,The rent a gun model just doesnt work any more.
,Recommended,436520,29705938,Posted: 4 February,all,raep,decent game with a comm full of tryharding ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,436520,29706059,Posted: 4 February,all,Herbivour,gud♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,436520,29731024,Posted: 5 February,all,Maddera,"Meh, I think it's ok, but forcing us to use gems to permanently buy somthing is bull. If you want to still be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, make it ♥♥♥♥ tons of g"
,Not Recommended,436520,29756941,Posted: 6 February,all,NoOriginality,"So bad, everyone just sits and snipes."
76561198001340672,Not Recommended,436520,29748642,Posted: 6 February,all,Virus ♫,Pay to Win
,Not Recommended,436520,25745669,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,OMG dont belive the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics on the store page. on 1080p full ultra game looks like garbage definetly not like Unreal Engine at allthey prob used ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Downsampling from like 8k to 1080p or someshit graphics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lie hell i even went to nvidia control panel to open MFAA FXAA and supersampled it with x8 and optimized it for the best quality still looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥i m reall dissapointed on graphicson top of this Recoil and gun firing is legit BS it doesnt feel right  its so bad that i cant even understand if its the hitbox or the recoil is the issue there when u start shooting the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun makes too much light and u cant even see the crosshair u shooting at and what the♥♥♥♥♥with the holding of the Gun ? ?? it takes half of ur screen you cant see shi.t xDSkills ? Wha  ? so yeah there is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ teleporting skills and♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game but the thing is nobody ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uses them in the game the lobbies are made with a rule  to ban those skills nobody likes em xDi tought i might like the game but sorry this game might only be successfull if goes to F2Pi understand Devs need funds to support and IMpRoVe but still if you cant deliver a game that doesnt burn peoples ayes then yeah u need to go to F2P
76561198136720321,Not Recommended,436520,29724868,Posted: 5 February,all,XD_f2.,♥♥♥♥♥game alot waitingrequest a refund of 10000 dollars
76561198076844470,Not Recommended,436520,29658514,Posted: 2 February,all,Harold Tooter,Gr8 jk 10/10 for this.stop it pls.
,Not Recommended,436520,30052444,Posted: 19 February,all,VoteForJam,"""We Are Proud to Present Line Of Sight (LoS)""-BlackSpot EntertainmentAbsolutely sh*tPlayed first match, go 27-12. Think to myself ""Gameplay is lacking, pretty good at it so I'll keep plaing.""Play second match, same map different people, all hackers spawn camping us. Spawn, die, spawn, die, etc.Same goes for third match... And fourth...♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, basic gameplay (shoot, kill), abilities are lackluster at best (hardly ever used), guns are extremely basic and not fun at all to use, community (with the little time I spent on the game) is cancerous, the list goes on and onSave your time, don't download unless you wanna hack and kill everyone to further ruin a sh*tty game0/10BlackSpot Entertainment please close down and never ATTEMPT (since Combat Arms was also a huge pile of sh*t) to make anything ever again"
,Not Recommended,436520,30060803,Posted: 20 February,all,Krieg,"White menu, Bad ping, Nerfed sniper = Trash"
,Not Recommended,436520,29833865,Posted: 10 February,all,Lel K Yeh I'm Ronny,Line of Sight? More like Line of Snipe.
,Not Recommended,436520,29709434,Posted: 4 February,all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],"This is, quite possibly, the worst game I've ever played. It feels horrible, the animations are horrible, the mechanics are horrible, and the UI is a confusing mess.The tutorial assumes you're a child, which is exactly the demographic they were aiming for.Avoid at all costs. Especially free."
,Not Recommended,436520,29734212,Posted: 5 February,all,⎛⎝☠WRATH_ASURA⎠⎞,crap.
,Recommended,436520,26269220,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,watchasaaaay💪,This game is pretty nice and makes much fun :)
76561198067580938,Not Recommended,436520,25642922,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,suffering23,"pay 10$. launch game, see boring tutorial, get reward, join 1 game, load fast, sniper camp on eahc side of teh map, leave the game, play with few players against bots, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bots, 55/5, join free-for-all, 130 hp enemies with MG36, look in the store, pay to get gear for a game you always paid to get.pay for a game you can be pay2win, well done devs, well done"
,Not Recommended,436520,25661245,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vlssion,most boring fps game i have ever played.... not worth the 9.99 euro.
,Not Recommended,436520,30129752,Posted: 23 February,all,Lie Ren The Pope,"Just another copy-paste F2P FPS. Oh, but this time, guess what? That's right! It has SUPERPOWERS!...That are pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. They're not even original. They're just a little mechanic to make the game seem more special than other F2P FPS. There are barely any servers, too. Not enough people on the US servers.Overall, I give this game a 2/10.Don't play."
,Recommended,436520,29728175,Posted: 5 February,all,Skid Row Trash,"This game is pretty fun. My favorite modes in FPS multiplayer games is always Free For All and this game has a decent one.There's some unique stuff with the ESP and Psionics that you dont' see in many FPS games, that's cool.The sound effects and the guns are great. You feel pretty tough shooting them off and blasting the enemies, always good when that's the case.One thing that bothered me is how silent the game is. It's good if you want to hear peoples footsteps but the silence is intense, I wish there was a bit of ambience in the background like wind or something, machinery, birds, whatever just something else to kill the silence other than footsteps.As far as the store goes I am not sure what to think just yet. I'm going to keep playing this game for a while because I love me some fun FFA multiplayer and this has it. There are times though where this reminds me of Call of Duty in the way that you get killed so fast and there usually seems to be someone behind you. The map design is similar to CoD style in that most areas connect to others and there are few places to hide. Luckily though, there still are a few good hiding spots to camp out with your sniper rifle and blast enemies.Here's a video of my first time playing:https://youtu.be/twWdwFO3-5kI'm not sure yet how the store / weapons / in game money work as you get some free guns for a week when first playing. After they run out I'll get a better idea of how the free to play works vs the pay model. It seems like the kind of game where you would need to focus on one or two weapons rather than all of them.Would I recommend playing this game? I would! It's free to play also so why not give it a try :)"
76561198011963956,Recommended,436520,25470430,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MiddleEastIntoGlass,Great game but MAKE IT HAVE BORDERLESS SUPPORT AND 2560x1080 ULTRA WIDE SUPPORT!!!! Also improve the animations
,Recommended,436520,29641902,Posted: 1 February,all,KingEsh007,"This game actually has potential, but legit where are the Aussie servers?!? Like at least some Oceania ones! and movement doesn't feel that great at times.."
,Not Recommended,436520,30020078,Posted: 18 February,all,f r y l e s,"You would be better with csgo, this is in no way a fair or fun game. Its based on pay to win where prenium currencys rule over all items. not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,436520,29967071,Posted: 16 February,all,Seth lol,"Simply put this game is lame. bad animations, bad sounds, bad player base. Don't play."
,Not Recommended,436520,29851392,Posted: 11 February,all,Frost Wimbelton,OVERVIEW:Sh*t Expensive AFHACKERS everywhereWeapon recoil is like there is no tommorrow...Cant play if you have bad eyesight because you cant see sh*t as the game colour tone is darkin the end it just became a game of pressure like every other free FPS games...this 'GAME' is sh*ttier than Heroes and Generals and that game is s**t...
,Not Recommended,436520,29801606,Posted: 9 February,all,Ipop,The game seems like a good game but as of now its just filled with bugs not worth the rage currently
,Not Recommended,436520,29852560,Posted: 11 February,all,NinjaOfWar24,"Ui is really bad, gameplay feels boring, you have to pay so much to get a permanant gun, it isn't a good game."
,Not Recommended,436520,29800581,Posted: 9 February,all,Agent Wonderbread farmskins.com,Get the suicide hot line's number. Your gonna need it
,Not Recommended,436520,29851317,Posted: 11 February,all,LazyGreen,Played for 5 mins completed the stupid training and never opened it again 69/420 worse than bf4
76561198235965566,Not Recommended,436520,30035573,Posted: 19 February,all,<LC> Infamous Fish hellcase.com,"I didn't even finihs one match before quitting. The sound mixing is horrible, the gunplay feels like a nerfwar beacuse the guns have no kick to them, it takes way too many shots to down somebody (that's not me being bad, you just have too much health in the game) and the game is pay to win. Even when you do buya new gun, you don't even get to keep it. You have it for a few days before you are reset back to the default gun, and which point you have a buy it again. Terrible excuse for an FPS game"
,Not Recommended,436520,29745673,Posted: 6 February,all,Orangetooth8988,BAD
,Recommended,436520,29771315,Posted: 7 February,all,nferno_6,"great music awesum gameplay... the fkn coolest 3gb you could ever hope to download....  /,,/.If your tired of looking for a good easy to get into,stunning and also not taking up 4 of your hdd's due to 100gb disk requirements -  THAT HAS A BIT OF RPG to it....  /,,/.You cant go wrong guys. Freetoplay to...of only Warmode was this awesum (I dig that little shooter too...not bots just tiny levels and lots of people to shoot at....  /,,/.I say thanx for devs like these...  /,,/.I feel I should give this two more horns up to you guys so.... /,,/.  !!!ka-POOOOOW!!!   ,\..\Two more metal horns for you and note it was TWO handed .That makes it a total of 6/6FullpointsSAlute"
,Not Recommended,436520,29661929,Posted: 2 February,all,SoRcHeReR,"tryed 2 get it running , but failed :("
,Recommended,436520,25667154,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CallMeJunior,"I like this game very much, got many friends and the game moderators are extreemly helpful and kind :)"
,Not Recommended,436520,29796430,Posted: 8 February,all,Dwanye,-Terrible Optimization-Unbalanced gameplay (rifle dominates the entire game)-Ridiculous load times-Another stereotypical FPS
76561198242491862,Not Recommended,436520,29879195,Posted: 12 February,all,King Spiccolo,yeah dude great
76561197970694987,Not Recommended,436520,29780551,Posted: 8 February,all,jaserad,"Umm wow. Been away since origimal Doom HL2 etc. Build boxes know a bit. UI is ♥♥♥♥ed, utterly and totally. ♥♥♥♥ed.Thank you for the play for free. It's.....a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥but we are trying to stay with you.After generations of unimaginably stupid interfaces, like can we make it stupider, your UI wins. Hands ♥♥♥♥ing down, no contest. Wow shoot this guy.I have hundreds of DAYS playtime on COD, and after spending 85 bucks and 2 nights, I cant even work our how to have a permanent gun!!!I dont want my money back... just ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Not Recommended,436520,30065532,Posted: 20 February,all,KMBツ,This game is so bad it's just another game trying to be like call of duty
,Not Recommended,436520,29653167,Posted: 2 February,all,Ianoş Gonzales,Piece of crap
76561198272862325,Not Recommended,436520,30243155,Posted: 28 February,all,can of duty,this game isnt what it looks like
,Not Recommended,436520,29636616,Posted: 1 February,all,Nose Jobs Inc.,It's actual garbage. Great value counterstrike but with worse graphics somehow and even worse gameplay mechanics. Save yourself the time and go play another game lol
,Not Recommended,436520,29658424,Posted: 2 February,all,Zoltar_Zoloft,"I dont like it , delete, over and out"
76561198060429575,Not Recommended,436520,30065724,Posted: 20 February,all,trollaki,I get a lot of errors after dl when try to launch the game.Anybody know what to do?
,Not Recommended,436520,29658254,Posted: 2 February,all,Agender47,imdown/10
76561198174530710,Not Recommended,436520,29666406,Posted: 3 February,all,Barack Obama,Terrible!...
76561198171653354,Recommended,436520,29663557,Posted: 2 February,all,Saoirse ronan,gak enak
,Recommended,436520,29666966,Posted: 3 February,all,"Eatin Dingle Aka ""round o mario""",I like it ?
,Not Recommended,436520,29754428,Posted: 6 February,all,Naruto,"A half made game, i actually did enjoy it, buttttttttt... its still really twitchy and completely finishedd, also the UI is very hard to use4 like it took me 5 mins to find the ""play game"" button"
,Not Recommended,436520,29754040,Posted: 6 February,all,K y l a | Gametame.com,this game sucks!why the AI stucks?
76561198105623589,Not Recommended,436520,30195795,Posted: 26 February,all,trailboss_mct,"Looked promising: I installed it and went through the tutorial BUT...can't change many of the bindings for control! Cannot assign R-mouse to Walk! Forces you to use WSAD type config, which I don't like. Bad move devs!"
76561198180620094,Recommended,436520,29650794,Posted: 2 February,all,idunno,very fun game
76561198097443979,Recommended,436520,29648570,Posted: 2 February,all,neowarspawn,NICE SHOOTER
,Not Recommended,436520,30022619,Posted: 18 February,all,Ahravi the waff,"This is supposed ot be full release but is full of ♥♥♥♥ing bugs and glitches. Headglitching is rampant. Bullets come from the top of your head ingame. I can see a SLIVER OF A GUYS HEAD, but he can hit me. I can't even see his gun, sure.Balancing is♥♥♥♥♥♥too. Matchmaking puts me, a newbie who isn't some MLG ESEA csgo player into matches with high ranking guys constantly."
,Not Recommended,436520,30023492,Posted: 18 February,all,Skiller,♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes and tickrates on servers are horrible. Bad game. Not enjoyable.
76561198089283889,Not Recommended,436520,30228844,Posted: 27 February,all,kmING,This game could've been way much better if Nexon kept working on it.
,Not Recommended,436520,29790777,Posted: 8 February,all,anime,just your basic free to play shooter.
76561198080703448,Not Recommended,436520,30091611,Posted: 21 February,all,むだい,By far one of the worst free to play fps games i've ever played. Everything about it is horrid. The sufficatingly small maps with a paywall feature for getting good guns and horrid ui and movement. Everything is just terrible honestly.
,Not Recommended,436520,30090017,Posted: 21 February,all,Hellacious,"Don't download, no matter how beefy your computer is, you will still have trouble playing, your mouse skips all over and the lag is always terrible and no it's not just my internet"
76561198147930802,Not Recommended,436520,29753214,Posted: 6 February,all,Dan Bilzerian,"THIS GAME SUCKS SO HARD, SO MUCH PAY TO WIN,HACKERS, SO BAD GRAPHICS, JESUS MAN, DONT BOTHER INSTALL IT"
76561198065041564,Not Recommended,436520,29908372,Posted: 13 February,all,mrpickles86,"Absolutely horrible game, first game i get into it's the wrong play type i picked capture the flag and it put me in some sort of 1v1 deathmatch vs someone who had a 1 shot kill sniper rifle, do NOT reccomend this pay to win crap at all"
76561198309603309,Recommended,436520,30194784,Posted: 26 February,all,Sky studios (YT),goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood game
76561198138603364,Not Recommended,436520,29836782,Posted: 10 February,all,Zenamoth,Crust
76561198112705327,Not Recommended,436520,29923943,Posted: 14 February,all,FreeEbolaForAll,Takes ages to find a match... with all modes checked ♥♥♥♥ this game<_< /uninstall
76561198053927198,Not Recommended,436520,29791643,Posted: 8 February,all,Assassino007,Great fun but pay to play and now everytime i try to play it restarts my computer
76561198087746642,Not Recommended,436520,29999942,Posted: 17 February,all,Welp im SEM fuck me,This game is good for beginning PC players who have no money and are just trying to find an FPS they can get used too.
76561198274048009,Not Recommended,436520,29843329,Posted: 11 February,all,DatSmoothPavement,The game looks like your generic mobile fps game.
76561198159912536,Not Recommended,436520,29751720,Posted: 6 February,all,Tib,"Alot of farming, confusing/long tutorial, bad framerate, ""pay to own for 7 days"""
76561198139221517,Recommended,436520,29671683,Posted: 3 February,all,Asko,For Free To Play is good.....
,Recommended,436520,29681350,Posted: 3 February,all,Idkhbtfm,"Ok so im not a huge fan of inbreeding (im from the west not the east) but this game is like call of duty and csgo having a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby, BUT ITS STILL FUN!  i would give it the IGN seal of approval. 7 counter streikz / 10 caell of dootiez!"
,Recommended,436520,30249155,Posted: 28 February,all,Losse_,10/10I'm addicted to this game.
76561198345194047,Not Recommended,436520,29982237,Posted: 17 February,all,DariusHD,its ok fmmmmmm
76561198146562809,Not Recommended,436520,30017761,Posted: 18 February,all,a1a2a3a,♥♥♥♥ this engine.... uninstalled after 1 minute of play time
76561198069366865,Recommended,436520,29657929,Posted: 2 February,all,Killbird28,"Not sure how ppl think this is p2w? they just say its p2w without even giving a reason. reason: its not p2w BECUASE (giving a reason lol) you can buy any gun with gp, and there are the exlusive guns that can only be bought with real money BUT they are just diffrent COSMETIC versions of the gp version, they don't give you any better stats. Great game, i'm really enjoying it. give it a try, its a small downlaod and its free"
,Recommended,436520,29774806,Posted: 7 February,all,Drunk Driver,Actually the best free fps on steam. Hands down. Dirty Bomb has been replaced.
76561197967331963,Recommended,436520,29695089,Posted: 4 February,all,"[OG]Rabid""T""dog","Recommend? For free,sure,would I put real $$$ into what this is now,NO,fix the servers,maybe.The game itself plays smooth on my 5 year old AMDFX6 core rig with a  1060GTX,maxed out avg fps is 90s.Game looks good just check screen shots,smooth game play..7 maps decent size..[COD size}  4 modes of play I think..Lots of weapons to BUY or rent with ingame or real $$$..Renting will grind you out for 3 days for that weapon,then again,and again.There are also attatchments,scopes,grips,barrels,pretty much anything you can do with a real weapon.But they cost too,a lot.To rent a rifle it cost 7k for 3 days,,,scopes and what not cost the same,but perma,point is theres lots of grinding.To buy a new handgun,like a DE or 5x7 its cost,,ya ready.....70k in game$$Servers,whole other story,lagfest.Me im in the USA,I join a central USA server,which brings u too a browser.No pings are shown,till you join the game,My ping is 90 peroid,never seen it lower,it does get higher tho.,everyone eleses is 300+.LAGFEST2017No region locks,or ping limiter,, so player beware of chat with 5 laguages going on,and models you wont hit when you shoot."
,Recommended,436520,29774697,Posted: 7 February,all,tankertemplar,"good solid fun game, not a p2p, a typical fps mmo free to play, neat style has some quirks on my rig but not a game killer."
76561198065471768,Recommended,436520,29775296,Posted: 7 February,all,Zer0,How about a quick tutorial on what each mode is?
,Recommended,436520,29777701,Posted: 8 February,all,ZkyBox,"Great free to play shooter! Bugs and errors do exist, but will most likely be fixed in the near future. There is competetive mode altough it is currently unstable as the servers are being expanded. Match making is not like CSGO, it is less strict and there for making it less fun unless you play with a team of 5 or more. Gun customization is great! there are lots of skins as well and the game is not pay to win like most people say! There is a premium pack that you can buy that gives you 2 ""legendary"" weapons, you are still able to get these weapons without paying any money, it will just take a long time. The weapons are not much better than the non legendary it is mostly cosmetic changes, a well upgraded normal gun can bet a legendary gun. In the end its a skill based game.Score: 7/10 -Really fun game with pontential! and im sure there are lots of updates coming soon :)"
76561198318848172,Recommended,436520,29684215,Posted: 3 February,all,xd,"Yes, it's funny, yes, really yes."
,Recommended,436520,29879178,Posted: 12 February,all,Division.',It's a joy of fun. Devs are working on this game and it is a better version of combat arms.
,Not Recommended,436520,29912386,Posted: 13 February,all,Jett,"This reminds me of old games such as Crossfire, but it's released in 2017?It's all right, was fun to experience this kind of gameplay when in comparison to your CS:GO, but I don't see it becoming a memorable game.I'd say it's worth trying if you don't have CS:GO, COD, Or any other more well-known alternatives."
76561198215765673,Recommended,436520,29736916,Posted: 6 February,all,GangstarCat 🐱,"First time i saw the trailer i was thinking that the gameplay will fill a lot like Call Of Duty (MW2-BO2) but its not the case, weapons have recoil and if u are 10 meters away from anamy and aim at the chest the recoil will go up and you will land a headshot. Like in csgo every weapon have a difrent recoil. The graphics are ok-prety but the performence for a low end/mid end pc are 20-30 fps on mid setings (i recomend to use costom setings for 40fps and low/mid graph). The game as i heard its play to win but for now i didnt experince that, YET. It worth a try just because its free and a bit fun."
,Not Recommended,436520,30000347,Posted: 17 February,all,SoggyCow ✅,"not many people online, lots of hackers, community already cancer"
,Not Recommended,436520,30069450,Posted: 20 February,all,Snowtrain,this game blows play csgo or cod
,Recommended,436520,29671029,Posted: 3 February,all,Isaac Clark,"The game is really fun and it gives a little bit of a brake from the normal shooters, even though this game still gets the same problems as those shooter for example spawn camping is one of the most comman and the fact that you can shoot from your forehead while hiding the rest of you behind a crate. I also like how the has fairly low system requirement that I can even play it on a office laptop at 30 fps and still have great graphics. I can't wait to see what new things the devs have in store for this game."
76561198329448948,Not Recommended,436520,29893674,Posted: 12 February,all,ZTG l Mr baby man,I cant ♥♥♥♥ing play this game!
76561198306191049,Not Recommended,436520,29846648,Posted: 11 February,all,IceHunterr,"really bad game, horrible graphics, poor guns and it's all too easy tbh.Dont recommend this"
76561198245751674,Not Recommended,436520,29885335,Posted: 12 February,all,GGPL CSGO500,game is nicely optymalised (i heve 200fps on duel) heve low prices and not that bad graphicsbut well that powerups are reatarded
76561198133958570,Not Recommended,436520,29948268,Posted: 15 February,all,demojay,if you like camping play this everybody stays at the baCK OF THE MAP!!!!!!! 10/10 WOULD UNINSTALL AGAIN
,Not Recommended,436520,29845903,Posted: 11 February,all,`´Qerksim`´,"Waited 20 min for it to start, then I did the Tutorial and waited 5 min for it to check if my Username is available, so after that I pressed get started and that was it 2 hours wait time nothing happened I couldn't even Play it, unreccomandable."
76561198343736382,Not Recommended,436520,29846006,Posted: 11 February,all,IdioticGamer24,-grinding for money makes you bored-maps are rigged for SNIPERS (better bring one if you dont wanna die)-High ping for players in asia-recoil was the worse M4A1 Recoil was like a AK-47 while the AK was like carrying a M60-300 or 200 in-game cash per game? no thanks...-Extremely Expensive Weapons-Even The Mods (gun modification)  Are ExpensiveDon't Download this game...
,Recommended,436520,30154005,Posted: 24 February,all,MatuxasLT,Only for good players.
,Not Recommended,436520,29832003,Posted: 10 February,all,el Paco Ratrak,"Game looks promising. But only looks. First i had a problem when starting. Connecting to server for 15 min. Okay i get in turorial. Some pretty basic stuff, well untill you get to pipes. Couldnt get trough pipes impossible, owww..  I somehow managed to get torugh, some more bla bla stuf of Sarah. Okay lets play a game now. I need a name. Cool I will just use my regular name. verifying name availability 5 min... Not avalible... Okay i will be something else... verifying 5min... not avalible,... WTH!!... 4 different names... not avalible... Well time to shut down game and play something that works and is playable...Will try again in future, but at the moment no."
76561198359307415,Not Recommended,436520,30048166,Posted: 19 February,all,amiller974_ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง,This game sucks.Ripped p90 sound right out of cod 4Snipers are a disgraceHit Reg is♥♥♥♥♥not much more to say.ik its f2p but still.
76561198105397114,Not Recommended,436520,29832775,Posted: 10 February,all,Lex | gamdom.com,Game has potential. Suffers from bad animations(other players walking). Bad netcode(Slows your character down when you have ping spikes).
,Not Recommended,436520,30047988,Posted: 19 February,all,flyboyissac1,the game feel very weird the shooting kinda sloppy and the kills are like an mmorpg its likes some people die faster then others even doe ive seen people just respawn killed them with like 2 bullets another guy respawns takes almost an enitre clip. also lobby leaders always afk so its almost impossible to get into a game.
,Not Recommended,436520,30194475,Posted: 26 February,all,BaconGamer88 Gamdom.com,This game is unplayable in the sense that you can't get past the main menu that takes 10 minutes to load. Literally.
,Not Recommended,436520,29832887,Posted: 10 February,all,CaLi,Really boring experience. Played for about 45 min. Copy of counter strike and dirty bomb with some call of duty. Total thrash. Good it's free to play else money would have gone down the drain.
,Not Recommended,436520,30191822,Posted: 26 February,all,F9.Ez,"DOWNLOADED AND UNINSTALLED.GOT MY FIRST GAME WITH THIS. THERE WAS A MESSAGE SAYING ""HIGH LATENCY ON SERVER"" on SCREEN.MY CHARACTER CANT RUN IT ONLY WALKS. WHEN I SPRINT MY CHARACTER ACTION IS SPRINTING BUT NOT MOVING. KINDA DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS. MAIN MENU SETTINGS IS VERY MESSED UP ALSO. IF YOUR A NEW PLAYER JUST SETTING UP WEAPON IS ALREADY DIFFICULT. VERY DISAPPOINTED."
,Not Recommended,436520,29901698,Posted: 13 February,all,Pe,bad server
76561198071040104,Recommended,436520,29664413,Posted: 2 February,all,Gym,I'm waiting for the P90TR ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Recommended,436520,28196499,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Shaun the Sheep,"I am reading the reviews and damn they are negative.This game has almost no players because of the price and all Combat Arms players like me kept playing CA because it was F2P. This game has a price so just 0,1% of CA came over to this game. This is the only down side I found yet. The game itself requires alot more skill and a pair of headphones. Sound is way more important so a little misstep can cost your life. You probably will recieve alot of headshots from good players because there are only good players online. *Ps dont call someone a hacker if he or she is just better then you* A big pro in this game is the fact that you have a weakly leaderboard. In this leaderboard you have different categories which you can get a rank in. If you play alot as example you can get in the top 100 without any problems and you will get gifted a small amount of gems (NX), you have 6 of these categories.I know the game isnt recieving the credits it should get because of almost no players but atleast dont come up with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and give it a try (when its on sale xd)"
76561198068503512,Not Recommended,436520,30228712,Posted: 27 February,all,Rusbel,"TLDR: Generic cash grabbing shooter.Terrible and underpopulated, I played half of a match where there was only me and one other real player and 2 bots. The matches play out in a 1v1 style and the ttk is too low. I quit half way through the match because I had 15 kills and 1 death and it was boring. The arenas are really generic crates placed around on a white tile floor and metal walls. The guns are also pay to own or you have to rent them with in-game currency but like I said ttk is way too low anyways because any headshot is an instant kill so I just kept popping around coeners and 1 shotting people."
76561197994287202,Recommended,436520,29989585,Posted: 17 February,all,GuardianSpooker,"This game is a mixed bag really as it clearly shows on the overall user reviews. A fast competetive FPS with psionic abilities sounds like a lot of fun. But then you quickly realize, ""Meh. It's just another F2P cop out of Call of Duty like most of the F2P shooters.""Yeah I know. We're all getting tired of it. But lets get on with the actual review already.The game is again, your standard competitive fast FPS. You run, shoot, die, etc. There's gamemodes that you've seen plenty of times before in CoD as well. But like most, it tries to differenciate from the others. It's got deep weapon and character customization and it's got psionic powers. Which sounds cool. But my only complaint is that these psionic abilities not only take away your energy meter, but also a small or big chunk of your health. Why? In a game where you have a health and armor meter, I really don't want that. Especially if there's no health pickups. Sure you can get a skill that gets rid of the health negation, but it's still an annoying gimmick in my opinion. Remove the health cost on superpowers and raise the energy cost at least.The actual gunplay while in-game feels alright and I don't really feel cheated because of bad hit registration. Every bullet seems to hit my target at least 80% of the time whenever I actually aim at my enemy and take into consideration of the accuracy of my weapon. Which really pleases me as I really hate those games with bad hit registration and my bullets just seem to pass through for some reason.The game is actually a bit of a grind, but never to the point of complete ""Pay to win"". The game actually is very generous and rewards you with items that will actually help you advance in the game a little quicker than in most F2P games. Heck, it even rewards you with daily login rewards and some of them actually contain ""gems"". The currency you get with real money. You can buy gems sure, but you can also just get them in-game with each daily login. Which is what I love. I love it when F2P games actually are a bit generous, but never to the point where you get stronger and overpowered over other players so quickly. The grind is slow, yet fair. This game actually relies on mostly skill and not the weapon and equipment. Just because you got a fancy 2-3 shot assault rifle, doesn't mean you're going to win.All in all, the game is alright, yet it feels like it's in an alpha or beta stage, even though it doesn't say that. But at least it is free to play and it's only a 2 GB download anyway. Plus the game has some good potential and I hope they keep updating it. The game is worth at least trying out, so give your own opinion of the game."
,Recommended,436520,30129669,Posted: 23 February,all,Hizzy*VENTO =),"Very fun FPS game. It is basically a mix between Call of Duty + Battlefield + counter strike: global offesnive = Line of sight. It has loads of weapons, which are all customisable. There are many fun gamemodes, including competetive, similar to the one in csgo. I would rate this game a 8.5 / 10, and I hope the devs wont stop working on it."
76561198073955506,Recommended,436520,30130317,Posted: 23 February,all,RoboJesus,"Is a surprisingly good game, really easy to get into and it's free! Why wouldn't you download it to test it out, you can litterally delete it if you don't like it. It makes no sense not to download this game"
,Recommended,436520,29704603,Posted: 4 February,all,Λ *Juginyz* Λ,10 out of 10Get called cheater after one game in duel map.Would get called a cheater again
76561198008795381,Recommended,436520,25412994,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Eugenm,Надо сейчас брать.Будет бесплатной игрой.Донат будет рулить!!
,Not Recommended,436520,29737896,Posted: 6 February,all,₳ngelNight,"""Install the engine (Don't remember the name)."" Yes ""Download successful""""Enable multilanguage?"" Yes, I'll choose English. ""Excellent"".""ERROR: Failed to parse version info file, please contact server admin."" WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ YOU MEAN CONTACT THE SERVER ADMIN, COMPUTER?"
76561198059108835,Not Recommended,436520,25440080,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PantherZ,at first i thougth u guys would do something better the combat arms but its even worse then combat arms i mean the grapic is great but the mehanics are bad hope yall make it better i was really i was so happy when this game came out but now i just realise im wrong good thing i can refund ill just w8 till it will be free ... Sry for my english not that good D:
,Not Recommended,436520,30021637,Posted: 18 February,all,Liver,Pure Cancer
76561198072072565,Not Recommended,436520,26510762,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TijgerB.,"After 10 minutes of playing i asked my friend how to refund the game, luckey he gave clear insturctions how to do it. I will never play this again, unless they pay me to play it, alot. Maybe i will consider it then.gameplay         - sh!tgraphics           - sh!texperience       - sh!tMY ADVICE, DONT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,436520,29988952,Posted: 17 February,all,Buns Of Steel,Line of Sight is a game that tried to be CSGO and COD at the same time and completely messed it up. I cant believe this was realesed in 2017. The sound effect quality  is really poor as if  it was made during the 2000s.
,Not Recommended,436520,29855379,Posted: 11 February,all,telgou,lost connection to server
76561198240575866,Not Recommended,436520,25821442,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Keiren,fgdfgdfg
76561198137351327,Not Recommended,436520,30177178,Posted: 25 February,all,golden_nugget,i can make better graphics with a crayons and construction paper. lame
,Not Recommended,436520,29638209,Posted: 1 February,all,clexanus,This game give me cancer in less than two hours.
,Not Recommended,436520,29970793,Posted: 16 February,all,Elektro,"Pros- Fast paced- Able to buy permanent weapons with in-game currency (takes quite sometimes)- Lot of serversCons- Animation and graphic looks weird- Poorly Optimized- just like some other F2P games, ""Paywall"" makes new players hate this game since can't fight back with their starting   weapons- play games casually for fun or competitively for ""E-Sports""? Casual is fine but if u want ""E-Sports""? save your dosh for other games which really based on skills (E-Sports doesn't mean P2W srsly :/ )- Awful UI, its really seems complicated.- Maps are way too big for FPS Action game. this game doesn't need long-ranged camping like ARMA III.- ""Community"" of this game itself. You have 50-50 chance to get a really annoying player in your match (Not the newbie one. The ones those keep saying Nub, EZ, Blah Blah Blah Espicially SEA server )-Conclusion-Don't bother buying any DLC or gems. It doesn't worth your money. Sincerely.Get CS:GO or TF2 if you need casual or competitive play. one is cheap, other one is F2P but not P2W. Or if you're looking for more Realistic and tactical based? --> Rainbow 6 / Arma III (both are around the same price as DLC packs and they worth a lot more than those P2W packs)LoS is like COD but x2 worse :/"
,Not Recommended,436520,29682942,Posted: 3 February,all,Fidelity,Unfair to new players.I'm constantly getting head shotted.
76561198062750995,Not Recommended,436520,30023064,Posted: 18 February,all,Mister Wen,♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ like a more brokeass version of ghost in the shell. wasting my damn time
,Not Recommended,436520,30023311,Posted: 18 February,all,CheesyPwn,how to make a lame pay to win
76561198130611149,Not Recommended,436520,30099936,Posted: 22 February,all,jacob,This game sucks. It wont even launch.
,Not Recommended,436520,29909179,Posted: 13 February,all,Duckyyxz,This game has even more hackers then most of the FPS combined. Very well done. DO NOT PLAY THIS HORRIBLE GAME!
,Not Recommended,436520,29746691,Posted: 6 February,all,エクサニマルス,This my Simple Review-Server : The Server is most of the time extremly laggy you live in EU join a EU server and get a 200Ping also lose Connection every few minutes-Anti Cheat : BattleEye more like HackerEye i met over 10 Cheaters already in the MatchMaking system its not Funi know this game is pretty young but this ruins my Immersion and Fun in this game sorry but for me its a NO!!!
,Not Recommended,436520,30036306,Posted: 19 February,all,Sogra,"Here is why I would not play the game if I were you...First off it is kind stuck in between F2P and P2W. What I mean by that is pretty much you can do anything in the game without having to spend IRL cash but if you want top have any hope in this game your going to have to invest money. And to me the game is not with the investment. Any one that sits here and compares this game to COD is an idiot.  It would be like comparing BIG K To Coke... Yes the both a cola but they are nothing alike... Same with this game... Yes it is an FPS but its is no COD. The game play is quite trash. Weapons are trash with crap ballistics, animations (or lack of) are trash. As far as F2P FPS games this has to be one of the worst I have tried out. The only thing I did like was the Gunsmith option and that because it visually looked OK. I could see this being a ok game in a year of patches and fixes but right now im unistalling it. if I were you I would not bother with this trash."
76561198144875490,Recommended,436520,26206529,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,vZex,Good game
,Not Recommended,436520,29826574,Posted: 10 February,all,rasta,wtf?
76561198158554609,Not Recommended,436520,30073517,Posted: 20 February,all,TekGeek88,Matchmaking takes way to long. Was a very big diapointment.
,Not Recommended,436520,30084062,Posted: 21 February,all,DC,suck
76561198208516228,Not Recommended,436520,29869447,Posted: 12 February,all,MalNUTrition,"I'll be very honest here. I thought after this game became free it would really be a ""big"" thing, maybe the new warface. Unfortunately this is a bad copy of it with gimmicky ""superpowers"" (bionics).Pros:-Decent graphics-Dozens of guns which you can customize-Variety-ish amount of gamemodesCons:-Pretty bad optimization (Dont expect to run this on even minimum settings on smooth 60fps on a normal laptop)-Boring repetitive gameplay-Pay2Win (You get around 1k-5k a full match, to permanently buy a gun you need at least 170k, so its endless farming)-Bad annoying voice acting-Clunky movement and invisible wallsPS: When you start out the game you get about 70k, enough to only buy a stupid revolver. Guess what? Your first primary weapon a ""training"" M4 can't even be fitted with attachments.My prediction, this game will die out, but slowly."
,Not Recommended,436520,29662058,Posted: 2 February,all,Yomi,"it's absolute garbage.Dislike this review if you want, i literally do not care."
,Not Recommended,436520,29751556,Posted: 6 February,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"Very boring game, Got very bored with it, If like CSGO this is for you. Also Very known for hackers on here so if you like CSGO and Hackers cheaters this is for you"
,Recommended,436520,29643213,Posted: 1 February,all,VortexAlive,"> This review is subject to change as I play the game. <Major Pros:++FREEPros:+Customize+Fast Paced+Awesome+Camo+Crouch (toggle-able with options menu)+Sprint (Also toggle-able with options menu)+Grenades (Amazing magical line that shows you where said grenade will land)+Teleporting+Satellite strikes+Several Maps (Large, Medium and Small)+Many lobby options+Has lobbies AND matchmaking+Daily, Weekly, Monthly Missions that pay good+Up to 16 players per lobby+Graphics are good (And not blocky or a single blurry pixel, seriously, be glad it isn't that and have fun)+Sniper Rifles kill in one shot, easily+Weapons /can/ be bought permanentlyCons:-If the map has hills or hill-like terrain, it might be hard to move around as you can get stuck on it.10/10 Would drop a satellite on someone again! (In training.)Notes:I'd love to see more maps in the future! ^.^"
,Recommended,436520,29645015,Posted: 2 February,all,Ooyama,Damnit AsiaSoft!
76561198074787852,Not Recommended,436520,30021068,Posted: 18 February,all,MINCHY,"Do not play this game as the server always crash mid game or even the start of the match, the server are delayed. the only way you will get anywhere in this game is by pay to win."
,Not Recommended,436520,30181909,Posted: 25 February,all,Tomura Shigaraki,"Trash, don't waste your time!"
76561198202859502,Not Recommended,436520,30183996,Posted: 25 February,all,Ezra,ok say if this game was rated on a 1 to 1000000 rating it would still get a Zero. Dont get this game. every time you get a kil KILL KILL KILL KILL DOUBLE ♥♥♥♥ING KILL KYS
,Not Recommended,436520,30228423,Posted: 27 February,all,BaronGoodWill,"Can not Connect to the version server, Please try again later."
,Not Recommended,436520,29872617,Posted: 12 February,all,Albaner0285,m mxswwdmada+
76561198158339757,Not Recommended,436520,29918461,Posted: 14 February,all,War-Zone,♥♥♥♥
76561198080430939,Not Recommended,436520,29704455,Posted: 4 February,all,Kyle,its k
,Not Recommended,436520,30025578,Posted: 18 February,all,Viridian,Snipers are meta. end of story. cant say otherwise.
,Not Recommended,436520,29933792,Posted: 14 February,all,тачанка☭,not vary good
,Not Recommended,436520,29953070,Posted: 15 February,all,Shinorei,Nope
,Not Recommended,436520,30199649,Posted: 26 February,all,Poludela REEEE,Its dumb and i give it -11000000/10
76561198076163657,Not Recommended,436520,29830629,Posted: 10 February,all,You go girl!,"IMPORTANT NOTICE--MALWAREThis game is a good game and all but when installing my antivirus detected file ""TR/Crypt.XPACK.Gen"" as a Trojan and malware and deleted the file. I expect the game dev to fix this immediatly but until them uninstall the game so it doesn't keep stealing your data."
76561198075509793,Not Recommended,436520,29888202,Posted: 12 February,all,FadedAwakening,This game is pay to win as fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkk dont play ever its tots dumb
,Not Recommended,436520,30005036,Posted: 18 February,all,real gril dont kil,"Trashiest mechanics I've ever encountered in a game.Flashbangs blind you around corners, you get stuck on random objects littered on the map, extremely cluttered radar design, huge weapon model and sight blocking your view."
,Not Recommended,436520,30109786,Posted: 22 February,all,NAPJay,"I have to start doing more reviews, or people aren't going to know the truth. This game sucks. The spawns are terrible, because i got spawn killed like 20 times my first game. I'm an experienced FPS player, but I've only played this game for one match and I already know it sucks. Just save your money and buy an old call of duty"
,Not Recommended,436520,29908346,Posted: 13 February,all,gaysuo,"This game runs very bad , even GTA 5 runs better than this game . In game , you gonna find out that this game is a copy of COD , a really bad copy , you shouldn't even wait for the game to install it"
,Recommended,436520,30059493,Posted: 20 February,all,Dankie,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYLCouWq3RQ
,Recommended,436520,29778097,Posted: 8 February,all,S.T,Easiest game i've ever played. First game I get into I drop 40+ kills without even trying. No sniper used. Once I figured out how to change loadouts I picked up a sniper and I felt like I was playing against a bunch of harmless bots....COD has more of a challenge (and thats sad saying COD is a challenge....). I do recommend this if you want to have a quick ego boost from dumping on people :)
76561198028514887,Not Recommended,436520,29834194,Posted: 10 February,all,Arbormancer,"DO NOT DOWNLOAD. Horrible horrible game, porly optomized, limited customization in graphic settings, boring generic shooter played 1 game uninstalled."
76561197976071098,Not Recommended,436520,29927664,Posted: 14 February,all,Black Dynamite,This game is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ cheaters run rampent it's hard to find a game without at least 1 aimbotter. not worth the effort to even try and play. Download at your own sanity..
76561198271949510,Not Recommended,436520,30230885,Posted: 27 February,all,Frankie220,"Lol its actually funny that people actually play the game XD. Its great if you are a buy to play person, but if you just started and do not want to spend any real money on the game, then its horrible. The game COUNTS on you being a tank to win anything and its lucky if you get a kill at all. Its just tanks vs. tanks."
,Not Recommended,436520,29911945,Posted: 13 February,all,00jared,great idea of a fps but major cons: headshots are too opfull of aimbottersp2wpros: idea is good for a fpsnice mapsnice gameplay
,Recommended,436520,29771131,Posted: 7 February,all,Jazz,WELP. its fine i gess
,Not Recommended,436520,30060318,Posted: 20 February,all,olony,WHAT THE HELL?? It's not a game! It's a money trap... 'Pay to win or go to hell' system workin' in this s**t... The worst game what I seen ever...
,Not Recommended,436520,30225635,Posted: 27 February,all,Steve Harvey,"This game needs more spinjitzu...seriusly now, this game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it can be a meme."
76561198073557297,Not Recommended,436520,30226800,Posted: 27 February,all,I´m a stegosaurus!,Don´t waste your time installing.
76561198138645303,Not Recommended,436520,29823328,Posted: 10 February,all,Toly-(@buyinganything@),this guy would be really good if thay would fix all the bugs and get a better game graphicsthe queue is about 3 minuts sometimeswhen u load a game 50% chance that the game will crush
,Not Recommended,436520,29824994,Posted: 10 February,all,L33T ♋ ⚸ | A4Tech χ7 | ⚸,"f2p p2w, not to mention the game feels slugish when you use the mouse"
76561198015764344,Not Recommended,436520,29936466,Posted: 14 February,all,Ѵ∈ǤɅ oƒ Ʌ∈ǤIS,just bad
,Not Recommended,436520,29968177,Posted: 16 February,all,2 saxy 4 u,currently i cannot recommend this game as it freezes on 'Blackpoint entertainment' and then promptly crashes will update as and when a fix arrives
,Not Recommended,436520,30665712,Posted: 22 March,all,Aeonflux,really free to play? first launching i buy this game and now free to play hahaha
,Not Recommended,436520,29833929,Posted: 10 February,all,Mario's Mushroom,"The game is not interesting. The feeling of game operation is not good. It's made from Unreal Engine so the graphics are really nice however the game modes are limited.It doesn't have zombie modes and zombie scenarios. Not that many players in this game. I didn't find a PvE mode or something like that....Additioanlly if you are an excellent Counter Stirke player, please don't assume you will be outstanding in this game. The game operational feelings are completely different."
,Recommended,436520,29658105,Posted: 2 February,all,Boris (Zircovo),ITS GREATTT!!!!!!!
76561198139244509,Not Recommended,436520,29740712,Posted: 6 February,all,MLG-NoScope,I DONT LIKE IT ITS NORMAL FPS GAME WITH ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GRAPHICS
,Not Recommended,436520,30019305,Posted: 18 February,all,Mysterious18c,"""Connecting to the server."" 2 Hours later, ""Connecting to the server."" Thats why i don't reccomend. Also in game, ""Failed to connect to server."" Exits whole game. That's also why"
,Recommended,436520,29819842,Posted: 10 February,all,WishkeyMick,bagus
76561198192373319,Recommended,436520,29715081,Posted: 5 February,all,benyeliminator,good
,Not Recommended,436520,29760039,Posted: 7 February,all,Beefyrulz,"Alright now that I got a chance to play the game, my review stays the same. Just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ P2W F2P Korean FPS with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode, disgusting gun mechanics, and poor weapon balance. Can't really say I expected anything more from the game....TL;DR - If you're ever played a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ F2P FPS, it's basically the same experience with a prettier skin."
,Not Recommended,436520,29900232,Posted: 13 February,all,Joker,сырая и не оптимизированная*( пока в игру лучше не играть*(
,Not Recommended,436520,29901907,Posted: 13 February,all,Camo4th,"Can't run the game.It stays on using 11,7MB RAM.The Anti-Cheat is using more RAM :P"
76561198142783959,Not Recommended,436520,30219443,Posted: 27 February,all,Donald Trump[]CSGO-skins.com,this game is just pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥program i can make a better game in scratch the hit box is the shityes hit box i ever seen i played game´s from privt people and the hit box from thos games where better then this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198286087178,Recommended,436520,29666960,Posted: 3 February,all,ツRafliGamingYT ☃,i like this game ++++ cool FPS Shooter :D
,Recommended,436520,30128724,Posted: 23 February,all,!ONEKEYGOD,Stupid games ever!
,Not Recommended,436520,30005640,Posted: 18 February,all,LINKINO ®,the Luncher contain  a virus TR/CRYPT.XPACK.Gen
,Not Recommended,436520,25497023,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kaboom,LINE OF SIGHT.This would be an amazing game if they would just fix the gunplay and make it feel less generic and forgivable.Wait to purchase the game until the gunplay get reworked
76561198062381154,Not Recommended,436520,30222446,Posted: 27 February,all,WonderousHippo,"AIDs, Ebola, and Cancer all in one great package"
13313221212321232,Not Recommended,436520,33441557,Posted: 10 July,all,Tommy the Cat,WHY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥DID I BUY THIS GAME
76561198144590457,Not Recommended,436520,29755343,Posted: 6 February,all,DirtyDeedsDoneDC,Meh.
76561198094037087,Not Recommended,436520,29747173,Posted: 6 February,all,Lithium,"♥♥♥♥♥game, pay to progress. just dont bother"
,Not Recommended,436520,29612375,Posted: 31 January,all,Yung Nemo,setting my game to the highest setting and still no antialiasing it looks nothing like the images and footage from the page. ive been waiting ages for this game and when it comes f2p its no man skys it if im doing something incorrect someone please let me know. other than that the game is okay for a f2p shoot although it doesnt offer anything new to the genre its a generic shooter with Ghost in the shell type abilities.
,Not Recommended,436520,30004198,Posted: 18 February,all,║ ώιl∂яαηgεя ║,its just another pay 2 win
,Not Recommended,436520,30010199,Posted: 18 February,all,Finn,just buy a good game
,Not Recommended,436520,30005050,Posted: 18 February,all,hulala,kinda unrealistic. better if no power skills.. OP and the game environment is too crowded with some unusual things
76561197971855180,Not Recommended,436520,30040617,Posted: 19 February,all,Machinates,"Unable to adjust key/mouse commands to what I WANT. Limited options, ESP, and that f'in woman's voice just angered me. No fun done."
76561198257520854,Not Recommended,436520,30069048,Posted: 20 February,all,Blueboy1024,too many asians and hentai avatars
,Not Recommended,436520,30104635,Posted: 22 February,all,afterburnerpc,This game sucked
,Not Recommended,436520,30133256,Posted: 23 February,all,ZiocxOmega,"My Potato could just barely run it.the CS:GO and COD Like style that people have mention, is there, and It feel odd.Match making still take some time, even when seaching all games types.Some Maps feels a bit too large for me.Still it a free to player shooter, and it not bad, just not for me."
76561198307374984,Not Recommended,436520,28147780,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Always_Rampek,people dont play this game at my country (MALAYSIA) #SoSad #Bad
,Not Recommended,436520,30048861,Posted: 19 February,all,tuba noises,the finest of trash
76561198238609534,Not Recommended,436520,30002131,Posted: 17 February,all,nein,if u want to waste ur time dis is ur game
,Not Recommended,436520,29983349,Posted: 17 February,all,YumeGaMezasuBashoE,#pay2wingames#soLaggy#server♥♥♥♥inglagg#notbalancegame#DONTPLAYTHISGAME (IF GAME NOT HAVE A GOOD QUALITY!)
76561198217298175,Not Recommended,436520,29917609,Posted: 14 February,all,Adamology,just a bad game
76561198310078182,Not Recommended,436520,29922781,Posted: 14 February,all,ShoGun24,GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ DONT PLAY THIS STUPID GAME
76561198202778577,Recommended,436520,27773249,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Razorex,Best game ever play!!!
76561198070267184,Not Recommended,436520,30224999,Posted: 27 February,all,Detektív Panďička,I don´t like this game.
76561198172453146,Not Recommended,436520,30046488,Posted: 19 February,all,Macewindouche,Please dont give these people money
76561198285064169,Not Recommended,436520,30041949,Posted: 19 February,all,Big Dick Beter,"Doesn't even work so I will instantly give it a 0/10 for compatability. The physics and anamations look like a beginner could animate it in less than a day, and this i just based on the trailers. If you didn't know, trailers are supposed to hype up games. The only thing the trailers do for this game is make it look evem crappier. My overall rating is still 4/10 since it is ftp."
,Not Recommended,436520,30093502,Posted: 21 February,all,Machetian,"just a combat arms clone, nothing to see here"
,Not Recommended,436520,30046254,Posted: 19 February,all,Devan The God,JUST DONT...
76561198052379536,Not Recommended,436520,29753766,Posted: 6 February,all,RoseSurge,This game is really bad
,Not Recommended,436520,29742504,Posted: 6 February,all,ASV,Just bad.
,Not Recommended,436520,29617805,Posted: 31 January,all,Egmo,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198358481531,Not Recommended,436520,29619313,Posted: 31 January,all,JiNx MASS,for now i would not recommen this game the animations are terrible the graphics arent very good its not optimized very well the sounds arent good at all and its not very fun.
,Not Recommended,436520,25409388,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cosmo,"Terrible graphics, clunky gameplay, how can you ♥♥♥♥ up like that in a UE game...Edit:For now I won't recommend the game, it has the Combat Arms vibe but I have some issues with the game, I ran the game in Maximum and the textures looked really bad and I felt like there was no AA, it can be fixed in the future updates and I'll rebuy the game if it will be better."
,Not Recommended,436520,25453491,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Just Wow....,This game should be f2p. Its not worth the money.
76561197968205800,Not Recommended,436520,25409884,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Goose,"Dont buy it, your better off with any f2p fps"
,Not Recommended,436520,25410401,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,-=] Orea]_ [=-,"The game itself feels like a browser based fps that you can play on facebook for free.It looks and feels like it was made by Unity engine.But it's not. ( Unreal engine btw )The bullet spread is horrible.Hit indication equals with zero.Sounds are very,very,very bad.I was quick to refound my cash, thank god. You've been warned.10/10   would get my refound again."
,Not Recommended,436520,25433879,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,_FragS_,Ok so this game is just F*cking sh*ty because is a pay to win im going to refunded the game the i have really good wifi and i get a red bar in the game but in a gameing like csgo i have 12 to 20 pingand some people got it for free and i had to play 10$ which the only reason i care is because in over the sea its free and guns in the game cost more than the game its self.
,Not Recommended,436520,25411758,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gruntak,"Game is normal multiplayer game, you will see normal servers you can join like in the old times, you will get crappy weapon to start with, you will have to play alott to unlock atchments to your weapon, gameplay is basic and old, this is like an upgraded counter strike the first version of it! Just a heads up befor you bye! This game is not what you expect!"
76561197975428879,Not Recommended,436520,25437705,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,DreilDrag,ProFemale skinSniper rifle (Perm)M14 (Perm)BoosterFor $10ConNo strategy shooter just hold down the triger and walk. Very basic layouts.
,Not Recommended,436520,29857004,Posted: 11 February,all,report bots suck :/,"bad graphics, its not fun to play"
76561198271946224,Not Recommended,436520,29973208,Posted: 16 February,all,Corrupt_Gamer2002,"I was really looking forward to this game, but when i clicked matchmaking, the game crashed, and it did it everytime ive tried so far."
,Recommended,436520,29656490,Posted: 2 February,all,Marnix is een ThoT,yes
,Recommended,436520,30084478,Posted: 21 February,all,I LIGIT LOOK LIKE BOB ROSS,Its great. The graphics arent the best but gameplay mechanics are spot on.
,Not Recommended,436520,29987442,Posted: 17 February,all,.deep,This game is garbage dont play it.
76561198153749801,Not Recommended,436520,29618468,Posted: 31 January,all,Sony mz9-707 mini disc player,"garbage. atleast its free.  the maps suck. you can waste all kinds of money buying guns, laser beams and other stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ not to mention the fancy costumes. i like playing on the brazilian servers becuase they all suck♥♥♥♥♥at fps."
76561198097045655,Not Recommended,436520,25420902,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,000,"another junk ""korean"" ""game"". no.even same attachements need to rebuy in each gun.paid its ""Starter Pack"" turns out still is a Pay to Play( it is not Pay to ""Win"", you did not win anything, after this ""Starter Pack"" still need to pay 300,000 to 500,000 game money( higher guns even higher, and some guns only can buy via Real Money ) to get any other gun )By the way, now there is no pve mode, only a ""ai mode"", however if it can have same reward as pvp it still do not know. Also if there only one person the ""ai mode"" would not start. Which kind of ai mode it is?however. after I started to play pvp, the rewarding in game currency range from 100~maybe several hundred, depend on results. this is play team d match 5000 points.You can check how far it is till it reaches a better gun, as a person already paid ""Starter Pack""the attachments, as I said, total same one, but each gun need to re buy another. and their price are as high as 5000 or above. MOST importantly, their upgrade level is very very low, also one upgrade drags another one down.-I started to get to know how the ideology this company wants players to do - maybe most of you did not know, there had a MMO called Mir 2 Mir 3 series that was famous, but that one, as well as other ""Korean"" ""MMO"", like the once famous Soul of the Ultimate Nation, they are all about let a ""player""( here I use this word because this is not a player, but the game and the dev company become a ""player"" of him. The supposed-be player becomes a tool of the dev company and their ""game"" to play with ), for example, if level 60 is the max level, then it may take 1 year, a ""player"" reach from 39 to 40, I year I mean that person basically usual have 5 nights to play that ""game"" every week, keep that 1 year.and this dev expect ""player"" who already paid they Starter Pack, supported them when they needed most, play a match to get the incoming of 100 to several hundred in game currency. Finally one day can buy a 500,000 or above in game currency game gun, with its useless attachments.-I suggest this dev company gets to know which people they are dealing with now. It is not those who in your ""Korean"" ""Market"" or ""China"" ""Market"".-Guys, always remember,  2 hr refunding policy is very useful! The dev company can not cheat anyone and do not get any money!-----PS, there had a lot of Free to Trial ( more real name of  F to P ) FPSes, but they all open for you to do the Triad, never charge entry fee, even if when they were in beta ( for example Warthunder ), or if they charged a small amount of entry fee( with premium vehicles / items sold to you, of course ) when in CBT or OBT, when you get in, you actually can do not play any money AND VERY EASILY at least get middle-high level( World of Warships ).Now, this ""Korean"" one, at the same time say appreciate us for funding them, and we helped them become ""non-salary testers"", but after I paid this Starter Pack( it really did not give anything  ), then I need to continue Pay to Play ( it is not pay to win but pay to play ).I also checked that Founders' pack there is really no real good things except 30 days' boost. But I think depend on this kind of time and energy they expect ""be-play-ed ers"" to put in, just same as those ""Korean"" ""mmo"" I mentioned above of late 1990s and 2000s, I still think it is not playable.I also can see they present such stuff because they never treat ""be-they-play-ed ers""(  ""players"" )as a person or have a brain."
76561197962173444,Not Recommended,436520,25416459,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,haze,idk what it is
,Not Recommended,436520,29975826,Posted: 16 February,all,Derpzilla,"Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎Great game, I got 12 achivements within 25 minutes!"
,Not Recommended,436520,30050842,Posted: 19 February,all,Ltmonkey,the worst cancer game ive ever played
,Not Recommended,436520,29910344,Posted: 13 February,all,Person Personman,"bad loading times, bad graphics"
,Not Recommended,436520,30025748,Posted: 18 February,all,@Soviet,"I hated this game. Completely P2W and it was a bad ""Warface"" clone. If you're looking for a game like this that is actually good, download ""Warface""."
,Not Recommended,436520,29931266,Posted: 14 February,all,GrapeSoda™,Cancer
76561198361874899,Not Recommended,436520,29738646,Posted: 6 February,all,A Fancy Dog™,the uninstall button worked
76561198247207768,Not Recommended,436520,25409707,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Valerie,"This is a really casual shooter game with good graphics and weapon customization. Unfortunately the gunplay is lacking. For those who took part in the Battlefield 1 Beta would know, this game is filled with Snipers and the Starter Sniper Rifle kills with 1 hit to the chest like most F2P games. Right now the game is in Early Access and will be Free to Play soon (FYI), which will be very disturbing knowing I'd be the only one in the team using anything than a Sniper Rifle."
,Not Recommended,436520,25420964,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,I am not a communist,"Want to spend $9.99 on mediocre FPS action with as much quality as the dozens of identical F2P MMOFPS' out there? Then look no further! This games allows you to EXACTLY the same things you can in combat arms, warface, AVA, and many others! But lets be real for a second, every game has a gimmick, and this game instead of killstreaks, you have superhuman abilities, that dont affect the gameplay whatsoever. So get out there and waste $9.99. It'll be worth it, i know i was happy.Don't but this game if you have any sense of personal finance. If you must play it then sownload combat arms literally the same thing. overall rating? 9/11"
,Not Recommended,436520,25420850,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HuskyLover420,Im not gonna waste time talking about the UI or weapons bottom line is the combat has a very low skill cieling and is 100% run and gun. I understand everygame cant be CSGO but you shouldnt be able to hipfire and run with a ak while being almost perfectly accurate halfway across the map. I would have enjoyed this game and style if It wasnt for this. People can respect a diffuclt and high skill cieling and strive to get better. If they just lower running accuracy it would improve this game so much. I requested a refund and its back to CSGO for me.
,Not Recommended,436520,29910282,Posted: 13 February,all,KesoChodar,People have learned absolutely nothing from Nexon
76561198200333055,Not Recommended,436520,25680352,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,LEAkyDischArgE,"Pretty Crappy game. Graphics suck, spawns suck. Customizable features are cool, everything else sucks. Give me my $10 back."
,Not Recommended,436520,25410555,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Viper123_SWE,"Oh boy, where do I even begin.Line of Sightis a fast-paced FPS with superpowers (yes, that's right) allowing you to either teleport around like a ghost or call down a rain of satellites onto your opponents...I played the game for roughly an hour and I'm not impressed, before I go into detail I want to point out that already from the start this game feels very unfinished and rush, even for a Early Access title (thanks, Greenlight!).Also the devs haven't decided yet if this will be F2P or not, so there's that.THE BASICSPROS- Fast-paced and competetive- Good audio for the most part- Relatively good announcer voice- Superpowers is a very interesting mechanic- Good customization- Slim UI- Okay-ish tutorial- Active devs (!)CONS- Grammar errors literally evrywhere- Gun balancing is non-existent- Customization not that in-depth- No HP regeneration or pickups- Infinite ammo (as far as I could tell)- More...THE DETAILSAside from nearly going deaf during the tutorial (tutorial announcer voice echo ontop of sounding like she's right next to your ear), it was pretty basic even though the grammatical errors and subtitles not matched to the announcer voice annoyed the crap out of me.Graphically it looks exactly what you'd expect from a UE3 game. (There are worse-looking UE3 titles for sure.)Sound design is both good yet horrible, gun sounds feel okay however some maps seem to have this issue where you can't actually hear distant gunfire at all. Completely silent.Voicelines consists of ""Ouch, I'm hit!"" most of the time if you're lucky enough to actually hear anything over the loud announcer (which sounds better than the trailer announcer, mind you).Gameplay-wise it's a mess;Guns are really unbalanced and after a quick accuraccy test it seems that as long as you remain still literally all of your bullets will fly in a completely straight line.That toppled with the relatively weak aim penalty for moving makes all guns (ARs, SMGs etc.) 100% accurate.What does this mean? It means that if the guy with a P90 twenty meters away stands still he will land literally every single of his bullets in your face.TDM matches quickly boiled down to ""who can bunnyhop and/or flank the best"" where SMG players just obliterated any unlucky soul on the receiving end of their guns.The description on the store page also mentions customization as one of its prime selling points.I played around with it and it was okay, each player doesn't have their own unique character per say as you select one of four generic soldier dudes (hilarious descriptions by the way) where you simply add bulkier (bigger = better?) armor and helmets toslightlyimprove your protection stats which won't matter anyway as your head is turned to literal meaty bits from a headshot.Customization for characters also have a separate appearance tab where you can caps, tattoos, goggles, masks etc. which does not affect your stats.I want to point out that 50% of the time some item will end up clipping with another one.Despite not being as in-depth as other FPS/TPS titles that allow customization, such asAPB: Reloaded, it's not all that bad and actually comes with some tiny unique fucntions such as allowing you to move around your goggles (face, ontop of helmet/hat or around your neck) which is a neat detail.Gun customization is really all about adding even more accuracy as base damage is relatively high already.You can however, if you'r einto that sort of thing, switch out parts such as barrels, scopes etc. and slap on some laser sights, flashlights and whatnot.(Although if you want some deeper gun customization there's probably dozens of other titles there where it's more in-depth.)FINAL VERDICTAll in all I cannot, sadly, recommend this game in its current state. Too much balancing issues and questions for the future leave me with a taste of dissatisfaction.However, it is worth noting that this is after all a early access title.And while this is mostly a negative review, I think the developers deserve some cred for listening to the community.(Plus I've playedfarworse games, looking at youAPOX.)If you want to help turn Line of Sight into something awesome, don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game but rather leave some constructive critisism on the forums. The devs are fast to respond and they value their community.That's it for now."
76561198136508294,Not Recommended,436520,30109808,Posted: 22 February,all,AtomicKittenArmy,"bad, dont get"
76561198247329388,Not Recommended,436520,25420675,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,League Of Hens csgoroll.com,Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,436520,25413124,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,abitu CSGOatse.com BETS.gg,"All what i wanted to tell, that i don't like that :/"
,Not Recommended,436520,29910016,Posted: 13 February,all,=UWS= Hornet,just terrible!
,Not Recommended,436520,29826713,Posted: 10 February,all,we really lit cuhh,easy headshots but RIP American servers. Full of foreign n i g g a s
,Not Recommended,436520,25487208,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Plank,The game is trash dont buy its pay to win after you buy the damn game
76561198027833437,Not Recommended,436520,25410929,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Da Citizen,Its graphics are  too ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The gameplay too -1/10
,Not Recommended,436520,30109911,Posted: 22 February,all,Doge,it is horrible the developers should die dont play this game it will make you want to kill yourself IT IS HORRIBLE
,Not Recommended,436520,25497810,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Nox,"It feels unfinished, theres a plethora of bugs and theres no gunplay. This game has no such thing and recoil and you can spray from across the maps and get kills. Gameplay feels clunky and the guns, attachment in the store are just too expensive. The latency problem needs to be fixed also. I hadnt played with a green bar yet."
,Recommended,436520,25408884,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Tricky,First 5 minutes Servers down ggwp
76561198308295355,Not Recommended,436520,29622095,Posted: 31 January,all,Hans_Wittman88,"dont like that you cant use a controller for it, just based on that alone i wont play it. looks like a good game tho. fix it so you can use a controller and ill play it..."
76561198029222170,Recommended,436520,29605118,Posted: 31 January,all,JoTem,Tutorial with the female voicehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIca3UbLWa0
76561198335919339,Recommended,436520,29505859,Posted: 26 January,all,New Computa Ho Dis,Its Really Fun And Addicting so you should Really Try It Out. :D my friend love comming over and playing. The Price is Low So Check It Out!!!!!1!!!!!111!!!!!999 / 10Ten Out of Ten
,Recommended,436520,30107942,Posted: 22 February,all,Adam Earlston,"Actually a really fun game with good combat, plenty of settings to change for better gameplay also.And i just made a Desert Eagle with a giant sniper scope, giant muzzle and a flashlight under it >.< 10/10"
,Not Recommended,436520,25470673,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ConfusedHound,"Line of SightThe Bueno+Customization+Abilities+Missions+UI+Controls and OptionsThe Meh~Rotation and Rental System~Combat~Weapons~Maps~Weapon SoundsThe Bad-Characters-Hitbox-Price of Perm weapons-Prem. Currency-Connection to ServersI love the idea that they have, it's just not quite there yet. Would love to see future updates, maybe then it would be E-Sports ready."
,Recommended,436520,29735568,Posted: 5 February,all,Tobbiss csgoroll.com,"Great game to relax to,"
,Not Recommended,436520,29190570,Posted: 11 January,all,Oark,"Pay to win game, Stay away."
76561197984015006,Not Recommended,436520,30050802,Posted: 19 February,all,Bu3,Lots of cheaters in games. Servers are unstable with wild ping spikes and high ping players lag shieliding so you cant hit them.I reported a cheater in the forums because in addition to using the in game report feature they said you need screenshots or they cant do anything. The mod responded saying that the guy wasnt cheating. He was clearly floating 20 feet or so off the ground ducking.So the mods allow cheating now so I have to give this game a 0 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,436520,29826240,Posted: 10 February,all,DiveL,what look if you see this game errors and hacker and glitch this game very bad
,Not Recommended,436520,25412984,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,[GM] Potato,"totally regret my purchase, 0 improvement so far, when it is f2p, the cash players gonna dominate anyway, ♥♥♥♥ing imballance cash skin and weapon"
,Recommended,436520,30866833,Posted: 31 March,all,CenturyLink is trash,"First of all don't read the reviews. Oh wait, then how would you see this? Nevermind don't read the negative reviews. They are people with less than 5 hours in the game and get salty because they get♥♥♥♥♥♥on. Given I only have 7 I think this game will gain a lot of popularity in time. I bought early access and it was♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. I must say I am impressed by the Devs on how much they have changed it since it became F2P.This is a pretty crisp and smooth for a free game. I don't see any P2W aspects at all right now. Hopefully the dev team doesn't decide to make it that way. All guns can be bought with either currency and the currency is not as hard to earn as a few reviews say. I averaged 15-20 kills in the search and destroy gamemode with the default m4a1 at level 9.Getting killed by people with different guns and higher levels doesn't make the game p2w, You're just bad. This game is free after all, just try it. It's only 2.3 Gbs. The game offers great weapon customization and solid gameplay. If you just learn the maps and get a gun you're good with you'll do fine. As they say, practice makes perfect. Oh and if you want to add me on the game my name is Frustration. Thanks for reading my review. Hope is helps you make the decicion to play the game."
,Not Recommended,436520,32464578,Posted: 15 June,all,Xaptor,"You have to rent equipment, the UI is a tad confusing and the community is vastly made up of punks."
,Recommended,436520,29698831,Posted: 4 February,all,▶Burnt Toast◀,10/10  GREAT GAME FOR SNIPING NOT P2W at ALL (seriously stop reading this and get it)
,Not Recommended,436520,29702254,Posted: 4 February,all,LykosNychi,"While the weapon customization is nice, the ""character customization"" promised on the store page is a complete lie.On top of that, the game itself is horrificly broken, to the point of frustrating unplayability. Every second or third time I try to fire, my character idly stands there instead of shooting. My ping is 3x higher in this game than any other game I've ever played. And with a ping of less than 200, I should still not be teleporting halfway across the map all the time.Add to that the very obvious prevalence of aimbots and lagbotters, where people (Not [AI]) are able to headshot me through walls and corners,accurately call down their psionic abilities without anything remotely resembling line-of-sight, jump around and bunnyhope with perfect headshots every time, etc etc."
,Not Recommended,436520,29702989,Posted: 4 February,all,Kingeeno,its♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,436520,29712793,Posted: 5 February,all,boopycookie,"Its a pretty fun fps game. very realistic. its not like other fps games when you jump and thats it sometimes you have to climb over things and  you perform an action of clmibing over something. the lighting affects visibility. they show nade trajectories. i think they off guns to trial every week or something. there isnt a big selection of guns yet, about 5-6 weapons per gun type. newcomers get some limited stuff to use for the first 14 days and for the first 30 days you get a gp and exp booster, right now for the attendance award they are giving out free gems, which is 50 a day, and these gems are used in microtransactions.  well the UI is pleasant and fairly easy to use, though may be confused in changing weapons.my only problem is that if you want to get gun and keep it, it will take a while. like im playing with a gp booster, an event booster, and some other random gp booster. and i only get around 500 gp tops. its usually less than that. itll be nice if they made gaining gp a little bit easier, but i can see why they did it since there arent a wide slection of guns available. at least the mods for the guns are pretty cheap compared to the gun."
76561198034377157,Recommended,436520,29716697,Posted: 5 February,all,Kasperinac,"Shooting and movement feel good, game looks nice, it has a lot of custimizations. (btw i played off steam before it launched)"
,Not Recommended,436520,29714833,Posted: 5 February,all,King Scrub,"its just terrible, nuff said"
,Recommended,436520,29692319,Posted: 4 February,all,Atrix,Nice game
76561197968578788,Recommended,436520,29698997,Posted: 4 February,all,MiKaDo<3,Problem how can i fix it ?Can not connect to the version server. Please try again later.Anyone help ?
76561198076767298,Recommended,436520,29694778,Posted: 4 February,all,foxyS,N1
,Recommended,436520,29693916,Posted: 4 February,all,bb100dulski,"Sick game, got an error that it cannot connect to the servers.10/10 would play again.O shir waddup, just server maintence."
,Recommended,436520,29742468,Posted: 6 February,all,Karti,"I honestly think this is one of the better game on the f2p shooter market in the West. There's something things that need serious adjustments such as. I will do a list of Pros and Cons below:PROS:- Large emphasis on esport competiton via ESL- Weapon customization system is the greatest thing I've seen in F2P FPS to date.- Obtaining kills isn't super easy so it feels rewarding when you pull of a Multi/Ultra kill.- The daily reward system. As of now gems are being given away as a daily reward. As I stated before gems are the real world currency used to buy crates, skins, guns.- The amount of game modes to choose from is excellent.- Maps are well designed for competitive play at least from the Search & Destroy point of view.- Having a A WORKING MATCHMAKING SYSTEM in an F2P FPS- User Interface is easy to navigate- A WORKING LEADERBOARD- The hideout (Combat record, or player card equivalent) has a large amount of stats to look over to see how well you've been performing.- Aiming down your sights actually works use it > hip fire. learn HOW and WHEN to do both.Cons:The Shop:-  LOW GUN SELECTION. Game just came out more will be added sooner or later.-  Most of those guns on the market must be purchased via gems which is the real world currency for the game. Not enough to players are going to play long enough to buy those guns without a larger selection of guns purchasable through in game currency.-  There needs to be paint skins and other items that can be purchased permanently. It's a f2p game players like flashy items, the GP items obviously should be less fancy.-  Not enough cosmetic items for characers.  it's early.In game:-  There needs to a larger incentive for players to play the object, in object based game modes. Players tend to just go for kills in Search and Destroy rather than planting or defusing because it's obviously easier, but there isn't a large exp reward for planting or defusing, grabbing the flag in CTF, etc.-  NERF THE KRISS THERE IS NO WAY A SMG SHOULD HAVE THAT TIGHT OF A SPREAD WITH A FIRE RATE THAT HIGH OP-  BOOST GP RATES PLAYERS ARE NOT GOING TO BE ATTRACTED TO BUYING AN OVERPRICED 3DAY WEAPON-  Personally I think the red outline of enemies should be removed from the game as whole not just a rule that can be adjusted by the room host, but that is opinion based.- MORE MAPSMatchmaking:-  Advertise Matchmaking, the system is nice there needs to be more players drawn to it.-  There should be a UI that shows how much you progress in Matchmaking.-  REWARD PLAYERS FOR PLAYING MATCHMAKINGOverall it's a new game, the developers are going to need time and patience to improve the game. It has lot's of potential to be a good F2P FPS. If you're looking for a shooter that you don't need to put in 3k+ hours to be decent at and still want to play competitively this is a game that deserves to be given a shot."
76561198075008022,Recommended,436520,29740032,Posted: 6 February,all,Luwill,"this game is actually fun to play, i like the abilities  help out alot and  the prices for diamond are really fair ,this game has a bright future im so glad to be playing it"
76561198246820200,Recommended,436520,29740808,Posted: 6 February,all,CERAH.Zyon7x,Best Free FPS Game Ever!!!
,Recommended,436520,29761872,Posted: 7 February,all,✪ Maor,One of the good free to play games i ever played
,Recommended,436520,29690897,Posted: 4 February,all,::-ProtractoR-::,"-[PROS]Good graphics, a bit too much fancy effects. Better turn them all off, or put everything at low and leave the shadows on high only, otherwise you won't see the enemy players that good.Weapons have a great feel, recoil is a bit high. You can't QS with the sniper riffle.The devs already started with eSports, which is great. Every sunday a go4 LoS and every month a monthly cup -1st place prize 1000$Maps are nice.-[CONS]The servers are a bit bad, and the game crashes often. It should be fixed very soon.You CAN'T change the country flag after you have chosen it on first login.Characters look weird af.Public matches are sometimes Pay2Win. You have an ESL mode in which all the premium stuff is disabled including weapons attachments, except scopes."
,Recommended,436520,29735335,Posted: 5 February,all,chillgamingaz,"Line of sight is a really fun game to play so far, I wish that getting perms wasn't as much of a grind but it is getting better"
76561198345446099,Recommended,436520,29735243,Posted: 5 February,all,ViceVertex,"I like it but also dont, very mixed as of now.... the hardest thing for me is finding a match of tdm, classic tdm, dom, and classic dom. it takes about a minute and then the loading screen to that game takes a long time or it doesnt even fully load for me. im typing this now while waiting for a game to actually load me in, its been about 4 minutes already. i cant find a game and when i do, i cant even get in to play. thats a big issue"
,Not Recommended,436520,29734285,Posted: 5 February,all,cjHutch,"1v1's are cool. Game i can be really slow and funky. Bugs are everywhere. If your're looking for a free fps than sure, but other than that, look eslewhere."
76561198040187205,Not Recommended,436520,29728073,Posted: 5 February,all,BigPapaRuffles,Server connections are awful. Timing out doesnt matter.
76561198310459844,Recommended,436520,30168927,Posted: 25 February,all,mrk,Good game!
,Not Recommended,436520,30168963,Posted: 25 February,all,blk ARENA.ALIED.RO,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198162449895,Recommended,436520,30179769,Posted: 25 February,all,TrippyBeaver,I LOVE this game but i cant tell if mac can play it to or is it just windows
,Recommended,436520,30183106,Posted: 25 February,all,TheSlyFawkes,Basically Combat Arms before Nexon broke their promise about golden guns and hackers started running rampant
,Recommended,436520,30184251,Posted: 25 February,all,Ardem,"0/10 No GalilBut on a serious note, this game is okay. The UI is pretty good, and it's a lot easier to play then CS.Just wish they have a huge arsenal like Combat Arms has. :("
76561198273170497,Recommended,436520,30203480,Posted: 26 February,all,starkgalaxy131,"Good game, for free it's grafics are decent. I reccomend, one thing tho how do i make maps?"
,Not Recommended,436520,30209964,Posted: 26 February,all,Grandfather clock without the L,worst half hour of my life
76561198130860700,Recommended,436520,30210158,Posted: 26 February,all,Sure,good 2 play
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,436520,30140849,Posted: 24 February,all,Mac,"I dont know why, but the whole time i was playing this game i felt like i was being cheated. May be its the fact that equipment in the game has a timer. Unless you buy in game diamonds to pay for them......Game still needs alot of work, it feels dead when your in a match. I cant quite explain it. Very mundane.Spawn kills, spawn campers, lots of fun when the entire enemy team is using that satilite bomb thing over and over and over on your spawn point.Super Powers........and not very good ones......I mean, its F2P to a point, if you want better weapons and stuff you gotta pay eventually unless you dont mind having them for only an hour to 1 day, which to me is just garbage and already makes this game not worth the time it took me to install.I did like the equipment mod menus and being able to do all that, just don't like ""renting"" the equipment.The chick is hot.Overall, not playing P2rent equipment games, very low style of marketing IMO. Super Powers and a definate deal breaker."
,Recommended,436520,30146234,Posted: 24 February,all,Re51ko,"This Game so fun, but animation so bad, pls fix this"
76561198126059144,Recommended,436520,30146351,Posted: 24 February,all,Sanchez,Nice game.
76561198034045686,Recommended,436520,30144813,Posted: 24 February,all,der.o.os,"unbalanced and unstable, clearly needs more work from devs.also there are still rather few players"
76561197965770685,Recommended,436520,30135115,Posted: 23 February,all,GoodGameGary,"I like this game. I instantly fell in love with it. It has it's pros and cons but it hooked me enough to keep playing after the first hour.Pros:Fun, awesome character and weapon customization, well balanced maps, decent graphics, great combat, can create custom community games, instantly get into ranked matchmaking, newbie friendly!Cons: customization is EXPENSIVE as hell, interface needs work, characters are bland, hitreg is terrible, hitboxes need work."
,Not Recommended,436520,30147053,Posted: 24 February,all,Scruffy. The Janitor.,"The game isnt terrible by any means, but its not great either.+PRO'S+Wepon Customization is actualy pretty decent, all attachments are obtainable through the in game currency and all are   purma.+Gun play is nice though not perfect.+ADS, a online FPS game with ADS, without having to have either a sight or some sort of ""special ability"" that allows you to ADS+Updates are frequent-CONS-While weapons are still obtainable with the in game currency, to get the perms for them its stupid expecive, and obtaining alot of moneys is not easie. one match i got 163 and thats with a %50 bonus. ya, not great.-CONSTANT disconnections.the constant updates usualy have to do with the server not responding or everyone not able to connect.-Hitboxes are trash lol.-Some of the sights arent centered, a few of them sit slightly off centered, usualy to the left.-Body armor is useless...-Its made on Unreal EngineI feel like DMG is random aswell... aim for the chest it either takes 5 shots or 3... thats with full health and armor.Like i said games not bad, though it really needs work... They need to take it off of Unreal so its more compatible with more PC's, appart from that, little tid-bits here and there. could be better."
,Recommended,436520,30151517,Posted: 24 February,all,FTWHD,Game is very simple doesnt take that much skill to play
76561198207304003,Not Recommended,436520,30134281,Posted: 23 February,all,killerbunny116,first game in and im playing against c9. never playing this again till theres something seperating newplayers from the lvl 40's
76561198186371327,Recommended,436520,30149007,Posted: 24 February,all,Quavo,not a bad game could use some work
76561198310827168,Recommended,436520,30197067,Posted: 26 February,all,Billy Mays,First game i went into my team all level ones and then the enemy team all level 3 plus so must fix mm
,Recommended,436520,30198048,Posted: 26 February,all,Profesoru Xpert csgoatse.com,This game is great for a f2p ^^
76561198118313181,Recommended,436520,30198167,Posted: 26 February,all,Jack_Kool,"A classic fps with nice graphics, sometimes you have to wait a while for a game though."
76561198143913829,Recommended,436520,30102728,Posted: 22 February,all,Niko,"Free: GoodFPS: OkayGraphics: GoodSound quality: Good and badServers: A bit laggy but okayOverall: Good, try it out =)"
76561198109575497,Not Recommended,436520,30121815,Posted: 23 February,all,mr_eikie | farmskins.com,it just not fun at all
76561198214471737,Recommended,436520,30122064,Posted: 23 February,all,makiee,next generation fps game!!
76561198146528220,Not Recommended,436520,30126483,Posted: 23 February,all,TornadoTigerZzz,♥♥♥♥♥ I deleted it in the first 10 minutes. The gameplay sucked. The trailer is nothing like the actual game.
,Recommended,436520,30115398,Posted: 23 February,all,THE TING GOES SKRRRRA,Call Of Duty Online LOL
,Recommended,436520,30020059,Posted: 18 February,all,AmilkyAVENGER,Fun game but would be better with a campain or ofline mode
76561198187377499,Recommended,436520,30017676,Posted: 18 February,all,Nope,Great game.Ive been having a blast with everytime i played it.
76561198275755442,Recommended,436520,30017984,Posted: 18 February,all,MIKUTU,"Maybe you could make possible to create a party when joining manually on servers, not only when matchmaking! Thanks for understanding!"
76561198125333944,Recommended,436520,30017064,Posted: 18 February,all,Waitedboat4,"It's got good graphics, and a black ops 3 feel too it. Why wouldn't you want to play it? But could update some maps because some of them are ridiculous! So update your maps. Overall, good game."
76561197970673045,Recommended,436520,30018391,Posted: 18 February,all,Flotzilla,"id like a good fight but its all the same ,the 1 shot masters or cheaters r lords of the game as always"
,Recommended,436520,30018707,Posted: 18 February,all,Captiannick,"Its a perrty game , i like it. The Grafik could be better . And you guys should add some music while the matches."
76561198128102487,Recommended,436520,29965470,Posted: 16 February,all,#Goliath Power,good game
76561198278800839,Recommended,436520,29963521,Posted: 16 February,all,Ke Co Don,hihii :D verry good
,Recommended,436520,29967108,Posted: 16 February,all,スカム,"One of my most played games of 2016! Great game and I love the way the game stays to its vest on how it plays, One thing that is a problem is prices. I get that you need to make money to stay afloat but it would be nice if I didnt need to play a full game of SnD for 3-5 hundred gold, when guns cost 200-300k to buy perm. Its a bit nuts all in all, but I've stayed with this game from Early acess to now and can't wait for the future of this game and would recommend this to anyone now that it is free to play!"
76561198216992460,Recommended,436520,29967172,Posted: 16 February,all,Thanh Niên Xung Kích,it's a good free game.
,Recommended,436520,29967610,Posted: 16 February,all,Manic the Armored flareon,It's a good game. Don't get me wrong you can get a head start by paying. But you get daily (if not few) of the real money currerency. But it's not at all P2W The headstart quite litertly only gets you guns and coesmetics (Body armor is the only real thing and it can prevent you from being oneshotted by a sniper) In general the community can be a bit toxic but you can tell just from their names alone. They are just barely dodging the filter they have in place. The only thing it is lacking is a voice chat to help the game surive.
76561198085009498,Recommended,436520,29964872,Posted: 16 February,all,CLaiRe,useless!!! i already un-install and re install..same thing and nothing happen!!!this is the result:-23:37:22: Starting BattlEye Service...-23:37:22: Failed to initialize BattlEye Service: Driver Load Error (31).
,Recommended,436520,29966366,Posted: 16 February,all,[MIKU]TrollMasterPang,Played it for a bit. Not bad to be honest. There is a good spread of weapons and customisation and alot of maps. However it fels very clunky for me and not very special. Map design is pretty much symmetrical no unique point to them. One map could be CQC and another a sniper fest.Still a great game but not just for me. Still recommened though.
,Recommended,436520,29966649,Posted: 16 February,all,Frank,its a cool game but servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ many games dont load or get shutdown mid game and if you customize ur character need to hold the knife or pistol and not the bigass gun gameplay is fine and fun if all is fixed i would probely recomand this game
,Recommended,436520,30013561,Posted: 18 February,all,ATX PlainSight,"I'm having a ton of fun with this game. Its really unique, dont judge it by its reviews. Its free just give it a try!!Add me as a friend if you want to join our clan and wreck with us!"
,Not Recommended,436520,29749176,Posted: 6 February,all,Fait,"Its been released a week and already being destroyed by hackers. Could have been fun but, like all FPS shooters, it has been ruined by those who need to cheat to win. Avoid buying as there is no fun to be had when you are ravaged every match by hackers."
,Recommended,436520,29749750,Posted: 6 February,all,ヨットマン ◥◣ ◢◤,"it's a really good game, ♥♥♥♥ who ever say it is p2w because it's not. skill based game!!!"
,Recommended,436520,29745664,Posted: 6 February,all,†Flare†,For a free to play game its pretty good
76561198081976867,Recommended,436520,29747139,Posted: 6 February,all,LazyNerd,Really nice game
,Recommended,436520,29747911,Posted: 6 February,all,zenD,"Its a Low-End PC FPS Game .. Graphics are very good, gameplay is skill-based as other FPS game titles.I would rate it 58/100"
76561198007325831,Recommended,436520,29747946,Posted: 6 February,all,chris,fun shooter with good game play i like it
76561198072351660,Recommended,436520,29745908,Posted: 6 February,all,Melaki,"Good game, good UI, Simple but Decent graphics.But beware of bad players on your team forcing you tobe trapped in spawn with a bunch of noobs getting picked offover and over and over.Good game tho, bad players."
76561198127923880,Recommended,436520,29746447,Posted: 6 February,all,DEXY ::SrB::,igrica je ok
,Recommended,436520,29748367,Posted: 6 February,all,U∫e☈,"Graphics/maps/texturesold graphics(Dx9?!) small non destroyable maps/ textures up to 1080pGameplay story(single player)Started game and into totorial - nice. No campaignGameplay Multiplayer/co-opEuropean server works fine ping ~40-50. Servers number up to 25Psionic attack why the hell? Interesting game modes.Guns can by rented or bought permanentlyAt bomb defusing animation character uses multimeter -nice touch:DMusicdamit, every round starts with narrator voice ""kill enemy!"" WTF i supose to do if im holding gun in my arms? Solution (Esc->options->sound-> few sliders set to 0)ControlsSimple afModsN/ATechnicaly working and recomended. a lot of achivements. Have potential as COD clone as fast FPS.at steam charts seems rising popularityhttp://steamcharts.com/app/436520Will update later"
,Recommended,436520,29789731,Posted: 8 February,all,♣ GouZhi,"Ok first thing first, this game is NOT p2w. you can buy items that can get you to level up or get more attachments or help you buy perm wepons, but in the end it all comes down to who headshots better. for a new f2p fps id say its really good and i can't wait for more to come, especially for the competitive scene."
,Recommended,436520,29806291,Posted: 9 February,all,✪ Lavernnn,"TL;DRIt isn't P2WIt's IYCAYWW (If you can aim you will win)Don't be a pleb and downvote because you're actually just bad.This is absolutely worth playing.Pay to win would imply you actually paid to win... There are things you can buy and crates you can open... but compared to normal items earned through just playing... they really aren't much better to be completely honest. You just have to be able to properly run the game (Non poop PC) and aim, like in any shooter.You can buy the Gems at a really steep discount initially. 1700 for 7 dollars, I think, instead of 1$/100 gem. After that you have to pay full price.Oh and you get a booster (xp and currency) for 30 days along with free 300 gems over 6 days... so basically 2k gems for 7 dollars.Why not pay the 7 or 8 dollars and get those gems hella cheap? It just means you can perma unlock a gun you really really like or test your luck with the crates and try to get a sick looking weapon. And if you do that then you don't have to grind as much (not that its really a grind haha) to get the 120K+ ingame currency to perma unlock... Granted in my few hours I've played I've obtained nearly 70-80k... but spent it on getting weapon attachments because I want my gun to be pretty.Weapon attachments are perma unlocked when bought, just not the weapons"
76561198023832525,Recommended,436520,29795843,Posted: 8 February,all,GoatCloak,"the game is fun, the guns are pretty balanced, you can purchase weapons permanantly with in-game currency, but even the higher leverl requirement weapons are similarly spec'd to the lower tier ones.Its like a mixture of Vanilla Combat Arms and CA:GO with better graphics. Im pretty hard on the FPS genre but this one is a taker especially for the price tag. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,436520,29790587,Posted: 8 February,all,Asian_Macklemore,"This is an enjoyable, generally well-made, F2P FPS. The only real problem I have so far is the wait time. Sometimes it takes about 5 minutes, with all game modes selected. Otherwise, a very solid FPS and I only expect it to get better as time goes on."
76561198272733487,Recommended,436520,29794209,Posted: 8 February,all,Videte,"Honestly it is really fun, specially for a f2p game.GAMEPLAY-feels smooth overall-weapons feel very nice-abilities seem to work fine-only two complaints is walking speed seems a little slow and recoil is quite largeGRAPHICS-graphics are pretty good, I like the amount of detail put into the weapons-I have a gtx 960, and can run this game with over 130 fps on high settings-graphics dont look cartoony, which is different compared to a lot of f2p fps gamesMATCHMAKING/GAMEMODES-takes 30-40 seconds to get into a match (amazing for a random f2p)-huge variety of gamemodes that are all very enjoyable in my opinion-if you select multiple different gamemodes to play at once, You will play a different gamemode almost every game, and I love thatLastly a personal note I have about this game is that sniping feels amazing, which is great because I've been looking for a f2p game with enjoyable sniping.7.8/10"
,Recommended,436520,29784808,Posted: 8 February,all,P1xeL,gg
,Recommended,436520,30086643,Posted: 21 February,all,Arctic Wolf Gaming,Arctic Combat much????
76561198308750907,Recommended,436520,29693792,Posted: 4 February,all,DRAGONlord1229,this is the game i have been looking for it is awesome i love it i say its a yes for me
,Recommended,436520,29751522,Posted: 6 February,all,ΔMaine MainahΔ,How can i throw money at you if i cant puchuses gems with steam cash.
76561198182346295,Recommended,436520,29750663,Posted: 6 February,all,firelight44,good game but how do i play aganst bots?
,Recommended,436520,29747045,Posted: 6 February,all,DucksFlyTogether,"So far Pretty dang good. It's an old style fps, think soldier front, etc. before it became high tech. if you get alot of people outside of NA on your team, gg. only play this if you live in NA. otherwise you'll be way to pingyUpdate--So played for acouple more hours since first writing review. Game is just getting more fun. Plenty of customization option already for the game, plus they gonna add more in. They giving all new players 30 days xp and money boost right now. Helps a bunch. Jump in all, take it for a ride."
,Recommended,436520,29752907,Posted: 6 February,all,//ATREIDES.ネトリ,"its a neat generic little F2P FPS. Good for a quick casual session or two. Got called a hacker for stomping every match, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,436520,29727254,Posted: 5 February,all,☯♚Deus🚭✌,I like it idea for this game!I think... This game is similar for call of duty 4 (modren warfare 1)
76561198347172088,Recommended,436520,29915316,Posted: 13 February,all,GAMER17,good gameeeeeeee
,Recommended,436520,29912497,Posted: 13 February,all,Surgical3ullets,Why are you guys so mad line of sight is an okay game so stop your whining
,Recommended,436520,29920203,Posted: 14 February,all,Galuh.AK,Hahaha .
,Recommended,436520,29924401,Posted: 14 February,all,whatkindagayshit?,"You guys do realise you can earn gems by completing the daily missions right.... sure it'd take a while, but still. you don't need to buy gems. Also, good game, might tell my friends to get it so we can mess around."
76561198008586260,Recommended,436520,29931114,Posted: 14 February,all,Samurai_Cat,Ok the game is fun. I personaly dont find it realy pay to play. It realy maters how good yah are realy. Me im a meh player. Im no supper shot or sniper. More a if i canna dazzel em with BS. Riddle them with bullets. I dont find it realy unbalenced. I mean yah always start with p[oor wweapons in aney game this is no diff. I think the skinns are kinda high priced man.But hey its free man. They do have to make money man lol.I i say way better then heros that was free. Long as they dont seriously unbalence it.The game is a blast for free.But i still hate campers and snipers. So bugger them. Give it a try. and have some freeeeeee fun. whats the worst that can happen. Yah wast an houre. Playing. Big deal man. I want more players. Hell i was on an old call of duty 1 server a while ago. Hundreds of players. This just has better grafics but i digress. Give it a try man its FREE
,Recommended,436520,29926237,Posted: 14 February,all,Alzkeen,"I'm quite impressed for a free FPS game that has a lot of feature.The problem? GP grinding system.Well, technically, even there is a daily, weekly, monthly mission it still won't let us get stuffs easily, you got to RENT weapons without having any attachment on it, or so i call it ""raw"". GP booster don't boost a lot, it's somehow quite useless. Achievements? Yes, they give GP, but They can only be done once.So what i can assume, there are 2 choices :1. Grind all day if you have no real life.Or2. Pay, yes, i'm saying ""pay"" if you don't want to grind 24/7 just for GP to get stuffs on this game.I'd rate 6/10 for this game. It's always frustrating when a game has a lot of feature but it has a bad money grinding system,Would've been better if end match rewards were 1k GP to 6k GP instead of hundreds below 1k..Even if you did 10 matches won't guarantee you to get a single weapon attachment. Lol"
,Recommended,436520,29926678,Posted: 14 February,all,TheSaltyBeard,"Super fun game, no pay to win yet. Everything can be purchased."
,Recommended,436520,29927012,Posted: 14 February,all,Sleeping Earth,"Enjoying the game so far. It is free to play, so many people will assure you that it is pay to win. You can in fact pay real money to unlock guns early, but there are really no differences between the weapons."
,Recommended,436520,29955009,Posted: 15 February,all,MOOSE,"It's alright. Sort of your typical fps.My likes:-Runs really well on my 8 year old laptop. 60fps on medium graphics settings.-Bloody and very fast-paced gameplay.-Balanced weaponry (it's all about your reflexes).-Not pay to win. It's not hard to collect gems to buy premium items which are mostly cosmetic.-Updates regularly because it's still new.My problems:-Waiting times can be a pain because of the fairly small player base so it's a solvable problem.-Loading times can also sometimes be a pain.Overall, I'm impressed and will keep playing. Hopefully more people will come join us."
76561198175861594,Recommended,436520,29934117,Posted: 14 February,all,WuKhann,"LINE OF SIGHTI raw the gameplay of this game and i had to try it out myself. So far I like everything about them. You can pretty much buy everything with the ingame currensy. Like the fast pace gameplay. its like COD, counter strike combine with the pretty cool animation when you kill someone lmao i like it so far."
,Not Recommended,436520,29951143,Posted: 15 February,all,DARK3063,"the game is a bit odd it runs like crap in the main menu using more cpu then the actaul matches in the game, the maps are the size of c.o.d now and days but with one sided map designed with incredable wide open areas for snipers to pick you off wherever you go and the worst part is the map desighn is set up to favor camping mainly spawn camping on most maps if you spawn camp on one side they can't defend their spawn or get out of spawn while on the other they can not only move around with very little care in the world and they are still able to defend their objective. The core gamplay is more of a broken c.o.d rip off with pay to win eliments. theirs also the problem of the customizeabilty needing to either more expanded upon or 2 secondary enemy models because it looks like your a chinese company under a civil war right now but i'm 75% sure thats a minor problem they will probably fix in the future as more things to sell to you"
,Recommended,436520,29953706,Posted: 15 February,all,{pinkamena},this is a garte game to play a good mix between Combat Arms and csgo.......really easy to pick up and play.......games are nice and long so you can jump in get loots of kills..and enjoy your time playing it  and...if you have time play it...plz do so....all that i hope is that is keeps up with the game  and all ways add new stuff to the game......but we will half to see
,Recommended,436520,29951745,Posted: 15 February,all,DJMario,Pretty good game id give it an 8/10 not much i can find wrong with it. worth my time!
,Recommended,436520,29951763,Posted: 15 February,all,Infurnux,"To start this off I want to say that i found this game while looking for an alternative to CS:GO as getting stuck around DMG and LE was stressing me out.Brilliant game in my opinion, I have already had hours of fun and not spent a penny and I’m not too bad so its defiantly not pay to win.If you’re looking for a easy to run fun competitive fps game then this is perfect.Graphics are great and recoil gives it that extra challenge when in competitive.Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,436520,29822165,Posted: 10 February,all,Pumba,Very good game but the matchmaking is taking so long !but its a good game :)
76561198265838069,Recommended,436520,29828396,Posted: 10 February,all,karpd_one™,good game
76561198214472936,Not Recommended,436520,29697220,Posted: 4 February,all,BornForGreatness,Version File info not updated please contact server admin?
76561198162993308,Recommended,436520,29830026,Posted: 10 February,all,Mtrix113 ^-^,pu tamo foc¿x <3
76561198066026245,Recommended,436520,29830256,Posted: 10 February,all,H2OFearLess'Ⅸ 💢,"Nice game overall, solid gameplay, aim dot,holograph and acog could use some new display hitmarks.If per game you could get 500+ GP would be way better"
76561198170348851,Recommended,436520,29844484,Posted: 11 February,all,GameyOak,"İt is a good game but a little bit p2w because pernament weapons are really expensive, that's why buy the cash money and this is annoying."
,Recommended,436520,29654911,Posted: 2 February,all,Sheik,Jogo em si e bom Mais Os Modos de jogos nao sao dos melhores mais no resto jogabilidade boa bem otimizado do meu ponto de vista o jogo e bom
76561198121490259,Recommended,436520,29670188,Posted: 3 February,all,Tapirr,Game feels a little bit clunky right now and some maps are dominated by sniper rifles only. Other than that game is fun. Especially duel mode.
76561198269324702,Recommended,436520,29670589,Posted: 3 February,all,Lesterknoph,It is a good simple first person shooter andf is very fun. It is not near perfect though because the paying model is like black light retrobution which means people can have other weapons you dont have because you cant buy them until you play forever to unlock them permanatly. So sometimes you will randomly get 2 shot by an assault rifle and it sucks but overall it is fun and is defenitely worth it since its free. ( side note people complain about hackers but i havent seen any yet so your experience may differ)
76561198011364507,Recommended,436520,29686356,Posted: 3 February,all,punkdude1599,Giving this a positive review due to the fact of me enjoying the game so far. Although it seems pretty grindy when it comes to trying to get more weapons and how expensive they are with in game currency. Its not a bad game. Ive noticed the hit boxes being a bit weird on the game maybe theres a change to them in the future i dont know. but i have enjoyed the game a bit for my time played of it. will most likely update my review later on.
76561198070416527,Recommended,436520,29684709,Posted: 3 February,all,SeargentMouse,"Okay, so this game is not bad at all, however there some key thing's that I think could be improved greatly.  So first off I can say this game reminds me  A LOT of Blacklight Retribution although not as good looking.The weapon customization in the game is very good, easily comparable with games such as Ghost Recon and Blacklight Retribution, with tons and tons and tons of Camos to choose from on each component of the gun which is fantastic. To address the complaints about buying weapons permenantly, I can tell you that it is not that bad, there are plenty of other games out ther far worse when it comes to the weapon grind.Balance between weapon types is fairly good overall, however the Time to kill is WAY to high, this game makes Call of duty and most other shooters look very slow by comparison, spawn camping can be a real problem in this game and matchmaking is a bad joke.  Maps in this game are for the most part all around horribly designed, its very clear that the maps were not well thought out unfortunately.Do I recommend this game? yes and no, it depends on whether you can look passed some of the games flaws. p.s this game is NOT pay2win at all. Ignore those who say it is."
76561198353475593,Recommended,436520,29682468,Posted: 3 February,all,Th3Mast3r616,"its great, little lag. Super fun to play and its FREE!"
,Recommended,436520,29685130,Posted: 3 February,all,Everae,"Customisation is similar to how Blacklight: Retribution started.Unfortunately not as polished looking as it could be graphics-wise.Typical FPS.Guns feel like... they have no kick to them? A machine-gun feels no different to an SMG or AR, I mean.Pretty bad latency for people in Australia - not so surprising.Fast-paced. If you prefer something similar to a F2P CoD, this should be... alright.Sunlight blinds you hard btw, especially on the hospital map.Otherwise:-  if you prefer something more faster pace and mobile - play Dirty Bomb, not to mention they got a pretty polished and great F2P model for what it is. Has modern aesthetic like this game and it's less serious but more character (to play and define it by). Similar weapons but more ability variation.- if you prefer something that has more polish in terms of aesthetic and gunplay - play Blacklight, not to mention they have a defence mode, you can get other weapons in a match like a flamethrower, buy a mini-mech and use a tactical visor to wallhack. Futuristic aesthetic also a plus.- I leave it up to you to decide whether this is the type of game to you. Not my kind of speed and feel unfortunately, but great job getting out of Early Access. The amount of modes is a major positive this game however!"
,Recommended,436520,29676695,Posted: 3 February,all,Comxz2,"Hello: this game is actually awesome its like Combat Arms but its more better and more graphic more stylish and more action its easy to play not hard like some games so i'll say Pros and cons of this game...Pros: Like Call of Duty and Battlefield and Combat arms and Cross Fire, Not bad graphic not bad gameplay and its really easy to play, It become F2p so not p2p, you can make your own style for your weapon....Cons: its hard little bit to buy weapon and get money, Lots of campers :\, Less of players There Don't Understand english, Some times its lagging or crashing but its not a problem, hard to make friends there. :\..so That is a Line of Sight and actually i love it and my Rate is 8/10"
76561198076147988,Not Recommended,436520,29676824,Posted: 3 February,all,Mister W,Horrible game.
,Recommended,436520,29677015,Posted: 3 February,all,SenseOfTumor,Positives-Great Graphics-Not wait for matchmaking-various guns-price not too highNegative-A lot of hackers
,Recommended,436520,29682221,Posted: 3 February,all,Lieselotte,Wonderful gameBut I hope there is steam trading card
76561198008127658,Recommended,436520,29691460,Posted: 4 February,all,P@1n - FS,Fun game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkZ0_ig_oto
,Recommended,436520,29662890,Posted: 2 February,all,Crisis,"What you should expect in this free-to-play shooterTL;DR: If you are looking for a new fps game you want to play cause you're bored, you should give this a try, it has a lot of potentinal but the pay to win aspect is kinda disppointing, but its free to play so.-Pay2Win Aspect, Basically rent to use guns, crazy amount to buy peremantly, or you can buy quick for 5-10$-Game has smooth movement-Abilities divided into 2 groups, esp and phosnics(i Think forgot the name :P), Blink=teleport to a short distance| Pyro= Shoot fireballs out of ur hand-A good amount of players-multiple servers-Vanilla guns are decent-Gun case-A large amount of gamemodes, but not a lot of maps atm, maybe in the near future?"
76561198319655043,Recommended,436520,29660962,Posted: 2 February,all,Twitch360gunner,This game is really fun to me it feels like i'm playing Call Of Duty: Black Ops again!!!! :)
76561198140961269,Recommended,436520,29653652,Posted: 2 February,all,PepeTheFrog,its ether my pc or the game all of it is cool but por fps please fix
76561197990399454,Not Recommended,436520,29661737,Posted: 2 February,all,Rixoli,"I admit, I have minimum playtime on this title, and while this is generally a massive pet-peeve of mine, I literally cannot endorse this title as it stands.Line of Sight is a high-pace FPS, similar in vein to other titles such as Combat Arms. Players don't purchase weapons but rather rent them (unless you use premium currency, admittedly accessible by logging in daily, but i'll get to that).Line of sight is a title I'd definitely give a mixed/meh review to if it were available. It isn't the worst title on Steam but if you're looking for a F2P FPS there are far better alternatives.It tries to incorporate MOBA-esque ""Psionic"" abilities into gameplay (such as Sattelite strike, an AOE attack and Blink, allowing rapid movement) at the expense of health, and while on paper this is sound, it also adds a needless layer of depth. While you do regenerate HP, most of the skills you start with ( I can't speak for later, due to my short playtime) simply aren't worth what is available when these powers take vital health away that can change split-second gunfights in most FPS games.If you're just looking for something to play every now 'n then between games, this is not for you. As said before, all weapons are handled via ""Rentals"". What this means is that barring specifically ""Permanent"" weapons bought in the store, everything you buy only lasts 3-7 days. I only make around 150 in-game currency despite making 1st place in my match as the MVP (Most Valued Player), yet even the most basic weapons require 6000+ In-game currency just to have them for 3 day's rental, on top of that, you're going to be spending an additional 3-6K on each weapon mod (of which there around 6 components give or take).I'll admit the game gives you 150 Gems (premium curency) to start, and another 50 on day 2, but if you can't play this game religiously, you are going to struggle just to be able to keep 'licenses' on your preferred weapons.I'd give this game a 4/10, If you have plenty of spare time to burn and are willing to rough it out, I'd say it might be a 6/10 for you.Another fair note of warning: Much the playerbase whenever I sign on does not seem to speak english. Spanish and Portuguese (SIC?) Seemed the predominant languages spoken."
76561198043408401,Recommended,436520,29786757,Posted: 8 February,all,Atlas,"Its a good and funny game and it is not p2w. Stop telling others its p2w! Pentru RO, jucati cu incredere, e destul de ok jocul!"
76561198044020573,Recommended,436520,29809565,Posted: 9 February,all,Big Xam,"For a free FPS this is a great game. Feels good and fair, no guns have been OP at all to me and being able to rent guns easily makes it fun to play without being limited. If you love old COD or just shooters in general give it a shot. I believe if this games get the support from the community the Devs will continue to improve it"
,Not Recommended,436520,29707013,Posted: 4 February,all,B̸i̵r̵d̷y̷b̸o̴i̵,"I think this game definitly has some potential but atm its just not good and here are my reasons:- unbalanced maps- pay to play (you can download for free but you'll have to pay real money for your wante gun and character)- bad sound design (really unimmersive and sometimes even disorientating in a gun fight)- matchmaking doesnt really work so you have to use server browserIt might be possible that I missed some points and I think this game actually can become great but the devs seem to be very hungry for money and slapped this game together very fast, I might change my review / opinion in the future if this game gets improved."
,Not Recommended,436520,29678336,Posted: 3 February,all,FOOLISH SAMURAI,never play defense mode4/10
76561198047448761,Not Recommended,436520,29678442,Posted: 3 February,all,╲⎝⧹╲⎝⧹  i ⧸⎠╱⧸⎠╱,"I played this game for hours upon launch and at it's core it's a fun fast paced shooter, however the grind seems way too harsh.I havn't bought a single thing in the game yet because it cost like 150 000 to unlock a low level gun permanetly, After hours of gameplay and 12 levels later I have about 35 000. So after you save up enough to buy a gun you have to pay for a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of attachments, characters and abilities.With that being said I was doing really good against people on smaller maps, it was also launch day however. It's just going to be even more punishing when people actually save up enough cash to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥Could be a very cool game and i'm still going to try it out a bit more but I would say the Grinds too much atm. They need to realise being greedy only kills the community and games like this needs a community to even run."
,Recommended,436520,29676403,Posted: 3 February,all,Trashboat,"Warface 2.0, basically. It still needs a considerable amount of work, but the gameplay is interesting. It's free to play, so there's nothing to lose."
76561198068862749,Recommended,436520,29676484,Posted: 3 February,all,Legacy_,Could use some work however for free give it a try
,Recommended,436520,29883176,Posted: 12 February,all,Pookie,"Very fun and cool game very well detailed with cool animations, etc. But Please fix the servers it's too lag in SEA and EAST server"
76561198099800203,Recommended,436520,29911255,Posted: 13 February,all,CatPlays,"This game is actually pretty fun. Stepped in as a complete noob level 1. Played one co-op and then stepped into a normal game of TDM and did pretty good. And I don't play first person shooters much. Very fun. Definiatly recommend. And no, this game isn't P2W, just takes a small ammount of grinding to get the items you may want. Which in all honesty, is what probably makes the game fun. One small bug though I noticed, the looking down sights animation on the secondary, is a bit glitched. Not sure if it's just me though.Otherwise good game so far. Definiatly would give it a try before reviewing. I can't wait to see this game become a lot better."
,Recommended,436520,29905795,Posted: 13 February,all,Gordinho gamdom.com,8/10
,Recommended,436520,29799407,Posted: 9 February,all,Hasnofear,This game is freaking laggy and has a lot of BS stuff happen but its not bad for a free to play. Also should note that the weapon loadouts are a bit confusing and the extra equipment doesn't seem to help in the game play very much.
,Recommended,436520,29869876,Posted: 12 February,all,RST_Ice,"Great game, especially being F2P. There are many game modes to choose from, making sure that the players will never be bored. The weapons are a bit overpowered (especially the snipers), which can be a problem at times, but overall the game is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good F2P game"
,Recommended,436520,29866374,Posted: 11 February,all,PeriomJJE,"I like the game but the latency penalty they made is ruining the game for me, I hope they remove the latency penalty, Still a good game."
,Recommended,436520,29903376,Posted: 13 February,all,Tactical Retard,Great Game but it has brutal lag though.
,Not Recommended,436520,29763430,Posted: 7 February,all,DannyFinest,THIS game is for cancer people. No american plays this ♥♥♥♥. So you know this game is ♥♥♥♥
76561198316450417,Recommended,436520,29759632,Posted: 7 February,all,CowboyPony,"So far, I am having a blast with this game. It is fun. Gunplay feels very nice, artsyle reminds me FEAR for some reason. The community didn't seem very toxic.... yet. I used to play SKILL SF2, but now thanks to this game I can uninstall it.In my opinion It has potential to become one of the best if not the best F2P FPS games. I only pray that the devs make the right choices and learn from mistakes of other games and publishers. Here is to a successful future for this awesome and fun game.EDIT: This game has amazing amount customization! I love it. A good F2P where you can unlock things by playing!"
,Not Recommended,436520,30152605,Posted: 24 February,all,Sentient Private Ryan,"This game seemed like it was fun at first, maybe an improvement over other F2P shooters out there on the market - I couldn't have been more blue balled.For one, the game has flashy graphics. I'm not talking about bright colors, no no no. I'm saying the game literally flashes the screen white with a .2 second fade with a message everytime something happens to the objective. My eyes are still hurting a good 10 minutes after.Secondly, the weapon system is garbage. Just like every other F2P shooter, it gives you basic weapons, but you have to pay to ""extend"" the lifetime of the ones from drops, and the rotations.Lastly, they tried way too hard to makae this modern. The home menu is bright white with moving details in the background, and the rest of it is orange and grey. Too abstract to actually have an aesthetic too it. My eyes hurt from that as well.10/10 would just play TF2 again."
76561198322792981,Recommended,436520,30153401,Posted: 24 February,all,Timbs,"I have to say for a free to play its pretty good, the only bad thing about the game is the pricing for things, i think that you guys should reduce it but i also understand that you have to make money"
76561198147284175,Recommended,436520,30153403,Posted: 24 February,all,Donald Trump,Very good game! it has some problems though...Problems:Sometimes the hitboxs are messed upA little to much frindyness to get weaponsPros:Not pay to win at allVery funFluid gameplayGreat Abilities
76561198130776807,Recommended,436520,30122602,Posted: 23 February,all,ุ,"Let me say the game is decent but have the potential to be good. Just need some work.Pros:-Fun & Fast gameplay-Polished ish (in 30h found only 2 bugs & weren't even a game breaking ones)-You can choose the modes! ( Classic (no abilities) or Esp & Psionic(with abilities)) ""love this cause a lot of games will force the ability modes &  ruin the game for alot of people""-Gunplay is solid-surprisingly not P2W! (a f2p game in 2017 that's not p2w!!! mindblown)-Daily, Weekly & Monthly challenges that gives you extra in game credit on completion.-Hacker free so far ( well haven't seen any in 30h)Cons:-Headglitching: the update to dealing with this issue helped just bit but the headglitching still there & still annoying-Weapons prices: weapons are way too expensive ( it took me 28h of gameplay to get enough money for ""1"" weapon O_O). Ofc there is a ""rent"" system but like in every other game that system is useless & just a waste of credit.-Weapon attachement: the attachement are bound to 1 weapon! So if you want for exemple a ""red dot sight"" on your weapons, you will have to buy it on each weapon. IMO they should have made it so that you can only use the same attachement only once per loadout for exemple.Conclusion: despite the cons, this is fun game, give it a try & you might like it"
,Recommended,436520,30213596,Posted: 26 February,all,Phantom,Has great potential for a non p2w game
,Recommended,436520,30171895,Posted: 25 February,all,XD,COOL♥♥♥♥♥♥MIXED CSGO AND COD
,Recommended,436520,30174065,Posted: 25 February,all,Hyper,Not the best but still something I can play off and on when ever I get bored
76561197985199088,Recommended,436520,30194260,Posted: 26 February,all,sZakika,"Note! Do not mind the mixed reviews, especially, cause most of the negative reviewers got less than 3 hours in it.If you don't like to read, a short review:1. The game is absolutely fun2. it isn't pay to win at all3. there are 10 times more crybaby's about hackers than actual hackersLonger review:1. The gameplay reminds me of a mixture of COD and CS. People are saying there is no recoil in the game. Well, there is.You need to control your weapon in longer ranges.. If you want clear hits, you cannot just ""spray'n'pray"". In close range it works most of the time,(just like in any other shooters) but still, controlled fire is the key to win.The hitreg is not perfect, i admit, but hey , tell me a game where it's working perfectly. Nope , you can't really, maybe CS 1.6 has the most decent one.The weapons are well balanced, there isn't any OP gun.You can try the weapons out in the Firing range, so you can check how does the gun works before buying it.Honestly, if you just want to switch off and hunt for some frags, its one of the best F2P you can get.2. The other thing people are crying about, is the Pay to win aspect. It's another BS. You can get any weapon for GP (ingame currency). Yep the prices are high, and the GP you get after a game is not too much, but there are 3 daily mission, which is VERY easy. thats 3000 GP a day. There are weekly and monthly missions aswell.""Oh i cannot buy a perm weapon easily, f*ck this game. I can only buy a weapon for 3 days""Why would you even want to buy one in a F2P game? Just do the math. a  perm weapon costs 190.000-240.000 GP.The weapon costs 8000 for 3 days, so you can buy it 23 times to spend 190.000 GP. 23x3 = 69 days. Honestly.  Will you play that much with the game? Would you even want to spend that much time with one gun???I don't think so.  It makes more sense to buy a weapon for 3 days and enjoy it, then go for another.(and you can get another 8000 GP easily in this 3 days)Oh yea, and there is a rotation every week. You get a character, and 2 random weapons for a whole week!!!!If that's not enough for you, you shouldn't play F2P games.The tuning system looks cool, but it doesn't change the weapon drastically. It's more like a visual stuff like the character customization. i only bought an aimpoint in that 60 hours, and still kicked *ss.The Iron sights well presented so if you aren't addicted to optics, there is no need to spend money on it.3. So many negative reviews about the hackers. In that ""almost"" 60 hours i played, i hardly met cheaters.Since the game is F2P, it's attracts many ""causal"" players who calls you a hacker and would crucify you as soon as you are better than them. Sadly most of the cases thats what happens. I got called hacker and kicked out of lobby's so many times....Problems :Matchmaking - It is awful. Really. You shouldn't rely on it. Just go pick a server and get in to a lobby.Laggers- there is no ping limitations on the servers, and people out of EU get in to EU servers with 100-300 ping. Visually you can't really see them lagging, but the bullet just goes right through the target.Maps - The maps aren't bad, but far from good aswell. My main problem is that im got used to the competitive maps where there are 2-3 routes to the other teams, but mostly these routes are seperated from the others, so you don't need to look 5-6 different directions.  Unfortunately it is the opposite here. I would like to see a classic CS map remake here like Zula did.Super powers -  It makes the game unique but also a bit annoying. They should rebalance the skills, and change some.Last words : the game looks good , but not half as good as on the pictures, but in the other hand it runs well. The sounds are good, especially the weapons sounds.Thanks for the reading !You should try this out, and give at least 10 hours to it. I definitely recommend it."
76561198254173190,Not Recommended,436520,30204697,Posted: 26 February,all,Bish,"The game is well made to some aspect. Reminds me of a COD game, but not a problem. The community isn't good. You get little fanboys who's mum won't let them get an actual COD. (She's doing them a favour) So, the fanboys sweat this game out and moan at you when you're not doing something they like just because you're alive and they aren't. 7/10 I play and get moaned at by a little 12 year old because I'm planting C4 instead of killing someone in their spawn. But overall, it's a good game with very little system spec requirments."
76561198194215225,Not Recommended,436520,30204981,Posted: 26 February,all,sabarobaka,this game is full by chiters
76561198082601791,Recommended,436520,30184243,Posted: 25 February,all,rubish 1,like the game but they need to fix the hitreg badly and balance things other than that it would be a good game
76561198116916020,Not Recommended,436520,30188897,Posted: 25 February,all,Goltiniuss,"Theres no sense of progresion only grinding you gain around 200 curency per 20 min match and even for the shitiest weapons for only 3  days you need 9000 curency you only grind,grind,grind for money for weapons because all of your weapons start going out of time and the hole system is♥♥♥♥♥♥evrything you want IS JUST 2 ♥♥♥♥ING EXPENSIVE FOR THE F2P player you have to buy armor charecters weapons secondary weapons modyfing your weapns not being♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean the combat and the gamemodes are solid but man do i hate the ♥♥♥♥ing curency system.(STAY AWAY)!!!!!!!!"
76561198138601648,Recommended,436520,30169403,Posted: 25 February,all,✯teycheewang✯,"i hope i can play this game T_T,but my pc cant run games with battleyes,when i press start the game,on the left side it say running,after few second,it just disappear,when i press it again,it same again T_T.........................."
,Recommended,436520,30167898,Posted: 25 February,all,JIOOIJ,"This game is good,Just try this game and give this game a chance...It's free ? Yea, it's depend on your shooting skill...Cash is no need with this game..."
76561198193658215,Recommended,436520,30173308,Posted: 25 February,all,Chenzi,"Its a good game, you dont really need a good PC. Only if you play on low settings, but in all of the game, I like it. First person shooter. FPS and others,"
76561198347996809,Recommended,436520,30231895,Posted: 27 February,all,Brizy,i really injoy the game i like the style once theres more maps it will be even better i like u dont have to pay to play its got a good combo of CS and call of duty. i love the style of shooting i hope they keep updated it as i have had for a month and the updates have helped alot with lag and more servers. great game
76561198164471055,Recommended,436520,30230701,Posted: 27 February,all,wokas123,Very Fun and reminds my of COD
,Recommended,436520,30186661,Posted: 25 February,all,Bl4ck,"I love this game. The first I'd like to tell is different. You can use some ability. Although, some mode have ever seen in every FPS game. The second is no P2W (Pay to Win), that's what I like. So, this game is not only about how powerful your weapon is, but it's also about how skillful you are. The third, there's a weapon customization. This is one of feature that I like. I want this feature still be the plus value for this game. The last of my opinion for this game is, really challenging.Note: Please for the developer and publisher of this game, prevent this game from any kind ilegal program like cheat.Thank you :)"
,Recommended,436520,30183199,Posted: 25 February,all,A.I Riceball,fc
76561197966179710,Recommended,436520,30176626,Posted: 25 February,all,mazak,"My best fps this years, depsite how many map there is at the moment."
76561198082147467,Recommended,436520,29848411,Posted: 11 February,all,meeooowwww,need more players
,Recommended,436520,29881100,Posted: 12 February,all,iajasi,VERYYYYYYYY Long Loading Screens
,Recommended,436520,29665897,Posted: 3 February,all,Sinai,"I played it for about half an hour and it has nothing going for it.The gun weapon model is too big and in your face, the running animation and sound are weird af and really cheap, the recoil pattern is weird (literally an upside down L). Just a cheap feeling generic FPS with bad gun play.Update: So I played it a bit more, explored the options a bit more and my only complaint is the lobby system to be honest."
,Not Recommended,436520,29679530,Posted: 3 February,all,Zedes,This Game would be much better but i have pretty descent internet and i get a 325 ping i dont know why this happens i have changed my servers multiple time but still bad connection it at times almost moakes playing againgst people in brazil impossible to defeat but however this game is fun and i thourghly enjoy the ideas that are in this game!
76561198060665143,Recommended,436520,30134360,Posted: 23 February,all,Diversions,"I have personally never played a game like this one before. I have played many Free to play first person shooter games, but never that had this sort of gameplay and design.Overall, I think that the experience boost they give you at the beginning of the game when you start is a little too much. I am already a decent level without really playing much. Sniping is this game is very fun, and quickscoping is fun and easy to catch on to as well.The players in the game are friendly for the most part, and helpful when you have questions. There are many different varieties of modes and game options. Classic modes which don't include the super powers, and is my personal preference. I am looking forward to seeing more options in the shop, including weapons and gear.Overall I am loving this game and highly recommend it. I have been enjoying myself on this game."
76561198162670426,Recommended,436520,30221660,Posted: 27 February,all,お兄ちゃん,Like A Black Squad
,Recommended,436520,30221888,Posted: 27 February,all,D_Vargas,"It is a pretty solid game with good graphics and coll mechanics like the kins of super powers phsionic things, it's not pay to win at all, and it's not that grindy to get the stuff you want.Overall a very good Free to Play game, the only problem: Hit Registration.Holy F**k the sniping is satisfying but it can get really frustrating when you are aiming at a still target while being still, aiming perfectly a the chest and not hit the target. It's even more frustrating when the person you shot at was standing 5ft away from you and they just turn around and kill you."
,Recommended,436520,30235209,Posted: 27 February,all,Chloe Price,Great game but a competitive mode recommended
,Not Recommended,436520,30233883,Posted: 27 February,all,DocObvious,"Your usual free-to-play, dirt-basic Unreal Engine FPS. Maps are semi-compact and easily campable, controls aren't very tight, and you'll likely forget about this title after about an hour of playing."
,Recommended,436520,30233107,Posted: 27 February,all,♣ My Good ♣,Nice Game
76561198064287987,Recommended,436520,30234302,Posted: 27 February,all,5unWukong,"UI is pretty bad, but fun surprisingly addictive. Better than COD."
,Not Recommended,436520,30235590,Posted: 27 February,all,Lagger Yolo,to connecting  server is very long time from indonesia can't you upgrade
76561198031552713,Not Recommended,436520,30235799,Posted: 27 February,all,DUTCH $4/100k,too much pay to win would be allot of fun otherwise.
76561198254984752,Recommended,436520,30239408,Posted: 28 February,all,GrimHater,"I like this game a lot because of:-Its a tactical shooter with ""magical powers"" which are very usefull on battlefield, but does not break the gameplay, which IS rare thing.-You gain special combat masteries after level 10. They can make you hear enemies from wider range, modifies your granades, gives you very slight hp regen etc. Theyre fun and lets you customize your playstyle.-Gives you ability to customise weapons for many ways and theese looks badass.-Lets you customise your character looks as well. And whats more important, I can play as a preety psionic soldier lady instead of generic soldier/swat/terrorist guy. IN A TACTICAL SHOOTER!!!! ..... 10/10, really.-Have a funny tutorial with speaker treating you like a baby in kindergarden (god, I wish there was option for that speaker to comment your actual gameplay. That would be hillarious).Ive heard a lot of hate about the game which mostly come down to ""unlocking weapons without paying real cash is much too long"". Yes- unlocking stuff permanently takes a LOT of time. But this game is free to play folks. And it even gives you diamonds as daily login. Actually its kind of good as potential cheaters may think twice before using hacks, as they can loose precious accounts on which they would spent days of gameplay to unlock stuffs, or even paid for those with real cash. It feels for me like a cheat preventing system far better than any programming stuff. And we all hate cheaters breaking our fun with this kind of games.All those things makes me like the game a lot. I hope it will be successfull, I hope it will grow in content, I thank the folks who worked on it."
,Recommended,436520,30240464,Posted: 28 February,all,AmalAlive,its an awsome game i like it a lot!
,Recommended,436520,30240485,Posted: 28 February,all,stra1ght ♦,Very nice
76561198254539022,Recommended,436520,30238231,Posted: 28 February,all,parabolalien,"this is an alright game - i will still play it but there are a few things i need to point out1. it feels like a rough copy of a FPs game. like the graphics are a bit tacky, gameplay is a bit slow and pretty easy to kill someone2. i would like there to be co-op missions, like go and infiltrate a bunker, or secure a facility of some kind.3. the tutorial is good, but it doesnt explain or show you how to change or alter your weapons or attachmentive only been playing for a few hours and its not bad, but it could do with some improvements, but for a free to play game it is good"
,Not Recommended,436520,30237195,Posted: 28 February,all,Anti Viagra,for you and for me......
76561198291750566,Recommended,436520,30237835,Posted: 28 February,all,NiGHTLOV3R csgolive.com,good game it really has some unique assets...good stuff
76561198149776701,Not Recommended,436520,25433274,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"the game is dead, no one playing."
76561198295977956,Not Recommended,436520,33474158,Posted: 12 July,all,ofirking80,i buy this game in 10$ and now its free ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,436520,29953065,Posted: 15 February,all,Liquid,"My only complaint is this game lacks Australians, but otherwise it's a fun time.Edit: 99% of the few Australian players are gone by now."
,Recommended,436520,33846004,Posted: 27 July,all,★NLR★ Octavia,Its a good game dont get me wrong but i play the early access stage when it was $5 dollors and should there be a early access item for use or no?
,Not Recommended,436520,29790241,Posted: 8 February,all,𝕜 𝕒 𝕣 𝕦 𝕫,Worst servers i played
,Recommended,436520,35502839,Posted: 5 October,all,VIRUS,"its a perfect game even there is many things need to regulate, but in general its perfect"
