user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,436670,32434068,Posted: 15 June,all,Saibot,"After playing FC and SC you'll know that the TC (3rd Chapter) will be fantastic, no matter what.You're trapped. After finishing SC you'll know that something is hella wrong. That Floating City ""Liber Ark"", is destroyed and still... something is hella wrong. There is something more behind the Name Kevin Graham. In 3rd Chapter you're trying to find out, what's the Story Sequel after Finishing SC.Third Chapter is more like a ""big Expansion pack"", which is NOT bad at all! Through your journey there are:5(6) - Moon Doors15 - Star Doors5 - Sun DoorsEvery Single one of them included a Special Detail of a Story Part you discovered through First Chapter and Second Chapter.For Example:After finishing SC, Tita tells Agate, that he has to visit her at the end of each month and Agate accept her invitation.One of those doors is exactly about that. So no matter what you're doing you'll find yourself in MUCH Flashbacks and I LOVE that so damn much.I, for myself, discovered every single one of them, becuase I want to know what's happening.Some Doors on the other Hands, are completely new and offer a Mini-Game for example.The Main aspect of the Third Chapter is the main story tho, but I would suggest to open every Single one of them and fulfill their requirements.While the story is the star of the show, the game shines in other areas, too. The combat system is a turn-based system that borrows a lot from JRPGs that were typical of the era, but it adds in a tactical, grid-based positioning system, and each character's abilities are fairly customizeable. The game also has multiple difficulty settings, and if a particular fight is too hard for you, there's a handy option to retry fights that also temporarily lowers the difficulty level. The game's soundtrack is also great; it's exactly what you'd expect from the same developer who created the critically acclaimed Ys series or FC / SC.Really the only complaint I could make is that the graphics are a bit dated by modern standards, but hey, it's a ten-year-old Japanese PC game. They still do their job as intended, and you're going to enjoy the game enough that you won't care.At last, some players may wonder about the game hour of this game. Well, it varies according to player style. On average, it should be around 40 hours. However, if you attempts to find out all secrets, exploring the hidden area and trigger hidden events, and read all NPC dialogues whenever the game world changes, then expect the game will be as long as 70 hours or even more. Why not clock in more hours with it? It is a game with lots of attention to details, which is one of the standard of high quality RPG.Hope this help some users wondering why this game has so much praise."
76561198118163664,Recommended,436670,31528196,Posted: 3 May,all,日月繁星,"Mysterious, claustrophobic, and psychedelic --- this is undoubtedly the most unorthodox game in The Legend of Heroes series. This game is basically what you get when you put The Legend of Heroes, Shin Megami Tensei and a certain Silent Hill title(which I won't specify for a good reason)into a blender machine. Nonetheless, it is still very much an LoH game at its core, though its semi-fandisc nature holds it back from being as coherent of an overall package as its two predecessors.I cannot stress this enough:If you were a big fan of the previous two games, you will not necessarily like this game; on the other hand, if you didn't hold them in high regard, this game is still worth trying out due to its stark contrast in tone and structure from its predecessors.There is a good reason this game is named""the 3rd""instead of ""Third Chapter"", because it is definitely not a direct continuation of SC.If you want more of the upbeat, kingdom-trotting adventure of the previous two games, you're not going to find it here.If you want towns full of vibrant NPCs, you're not going to find it here (at least not in the main story).If you want a protagonist who wears their heart on their sleeves and acts like your typical spunky JRPG hero, you're not going to find it here.This game is first and foremosta gameplay-heavy dungeon crawler, one that is light on (main) story but carries some very heavy themes. The most interesting aspect of the game to me is thatthe protagonist Kevin Graham is not a hero(which is ironic considering the name of this series). This game is his harrowing personal journey, one in which he doesn't set out to save the world, his homeland, or anyone for that matter.There are initially only two playable characters, but more and more join your party at a steady pace throughout the game(16 in total). Be sure to talk to these characters when you swap them out of your party; they are ironically the only source of ""NPC dialogue"" for the majority of the game, and their dialogue updates after every plot point like in most other Falcom games. You know Falcom has done their NPCs justice in FC&SC when their complete absence here creates an uneasy sense of isolation.There are sidequests which serve to further flesh out the characters and the setting of this series, giving all the playable (and some non-playable) characters their own spotlight to shine in. To this day the cast of Trails in the Sky still remains my favorite cast of any RPG, and I have to give a good chunk of the credit to this game's characterization of them.These sidequests take up a sizeable chunk of the game, which one might argue distract from the dungeon-crawling main game. Fortunately, they don't expire like in FC&SC and can be accessed at any point in the game before the final dungeon (with convenient fast-travel to boot), effectively enabling the player to pace the game themselves.Word of warning though, some of these sidequests take on a much darker tone than one would expect: there's a good reason why the console version of this game was censored(don't worry, the Steam version isn't). Please be mentally prepared for the final sidequest you come across in the game, i.e.Star Door 15, Renne's story.There is also plenty of foreshadowing for the rest of the series littered throughout the game, some obvious and some very subtle(I'm looking at you Mr. N). Needless to say, this game gives you lots to think about if you are into the lore of this series, especially if you have played some of the later Trails games.Oh, and did I mention that the soundtrack is widely regarded as the best in the trilogy?------------------------------------------------To end on a more critical note, I'd like to elucidate the ""semi-fandisc"" nature of this game:There is severe disconnect between the main story and side content, with the latter adding nothing to the former for the most part; the sidequests are more of an anthology of supplementary material for the entire Trails series and are only tenuously tied to the main campaign, which by itself is sparse in story.There is also an egregious amount of asset recycling from the previous two games. Though this is mostly justified within the context of the story, it's still vexing and makes the devs look lazy. They had the opportunity to add a lot of interesting new locales, especially those pertaining to Kevin and the church, but they chose not to for the majority of the game. Get ready to traverse through lots of familiar looking areas and dungeons...----------------------------------------------P.S. Advice for 1st playthrough: If you are here mostly to enjoy the story, don't play on Hard; if you value your sanity as a gamer, don't play on Nightmare. Seriously, don't.P.S.2 When you first open up the game, don't skip the ""Falcom"" logo animation; just sit back and watch. There's a bit more after that.P.S.3 If you're really curious as to which Silent Hill title I was comparing this game to, potential spoilers inbound for those familiar with the SH franchise:Silent Hill 2. Just how deep the similarites run between these two games, I'll let you find out for yourself."
,Recommended,436670,32335743,Posted: 10 June,all,Ellipsis,"Before you consider buying this game, it is of the utmost importance that you play through Trails in the Sky FC and SC first, as this game contains heavy spoilers for both and you will be very confused on the plot from the get-go.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd, the last game in the Sky trilogy, tends to be a rather controversial title among fans, as it is a ""capstone"" game of sorts, tying up the loose ends of the previous games and introducing plot points/setting up for the future games, namely the Crossbell and Erebonia arcs. Because of this, it lacks a couple of the things that caused fans to love the first two Sky games. That would be because this game has no board side quests or open world exploration; it has been described as a ""dungeon crawler"" of sorts. The game is set in an alternate dimension called Phantasma, which is influenced by the thoughts and emotions of those inside it, and therefore recreates replicas of many iconic areas from the original games as devil-filled dungeons, treasure and all (which seems to me like a very convenient excuse to lazily reuse maps from the earlier games...). That's not necessarily a bad thing, though - it still maintains the two aspects that cause the Trails series to shine so bright among almost all other JRPGs - its soundtrack and storytelling.An interesting mechanic introduced in this series is the concept of ""memory doors"". The party will periodically find magical doors hidden throughout the dungeons, which tell a riddle or offer a challenge in order to open. Upon solving the riddle/defeating the challenge, it will play a ""memory fragment"", which is essentially a long cutscene based around one particular character or story aspect, adding additional depth to the existing characters' development as well as introducing new plot points to be expanded on later.The 3rd is also a bit odd as it shifts focus from the main characters Estelle and Joshua Bright to a party member introduced in SC, the wandering priest Kevin Graham. The game focuses on him as he and his companions descend deeper into the heart of Phantasma, uncovering the mysteries of the dimension and bringing his tragic past to light in the process. The 3rd's storyline is also noticeably darker than the original games, which were relatively lighthearted in comparison. One particular memory door stands out to me as a testament to the game's change in tone, that being Star Door 15 (the implications of that memory combined with the music choice is extremely creepy and depressing at the same time, and the fact that it centered around my favorite character was a little heartbreaking).There were also some minor edits to the combat system. The EP costs of some arts were changed, cooldown timers were adjusted for certain arts and crafts, and a few new turn bonuses were added. The elements of time, space, and mirage also are now relevant in battle, as enemies will have resistances and weaknesses to these elements, as opposed to the standard earth/fire/water/wind (which means you can't spam Dark Matter on shining poms to kill them anymore as they resist it now...)Trails in the Sky the 3rd is a very linear game, going from dungeon to dungeon with next to no sidequests at all - all side missions and activities are achieved through the memory doors. One of the things that I liked about this particular game is that it allows you an extremely high amount of party variety - at the end of the game, you will be able to mix and match your party from 16 possible party members. However, getting the mira and sepith required to gear up all these characters is rather taxing on your budget, so you are forced to choose wisely what you buy and who you give it to. Finally, it is noticeable more difficult than the previous games, so you actually have to have an idea of what you are doing to make reasonable progress.While some Trails fans have stated that the 3rd is significantly worse than the first two games and is an unnecessary addition that does not need to be played, I beg to differ, as it has proven itself to actually be my personal favorite amongst the three. It wraps up the plot of the Sky games very well, and has left me very anxious for the following Crossbell arc to be translated. Sure, you don't get to go exploring or do entertaining side quests often, but the slight difficulty spike, additions to the OST, and myriad of interesting dungeons and bosses make this one a must-buy for any Trails fans. If you've played and enjoyed the first two games, there is absolutely no reason not to pick up this one as well, for while it may not have all of the charm that FC and SC had, it still maintains the excellent storytelling that defines Trails and manages to cement itself as one of the best JRPGs on the market. I cannot praise the Trails in the Sky series enough, and wholeheartedly recommend it to any fan of JRPGs or story-based games.Cuteness is justice!"
,Recommended,436670,31527628,Posted: 3 May,all,Novem,With every purchase we're one step closer to the potential localization of the Crossbell Arc.
,Recommended,436670,31544944,Posted: 4 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"As the format of the 3rd was becoming clear to me during the first few hours of gameplay, I wasn't sure how well my interest would hold up. The strength of the series has always been within the boundaries of storytelling, characterization, and world-building. I wasn't sure how well that would translate to sectioned off zones through enumerable doors divorced from the rest of the game. While the combat and primary gameplay mechanics in the trilogy have been functional, I wasn't sure they could carry the game on their own.Getting right to the meat of the game,The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd( 英雄伝説 空の軌跡) is a remaster of the original PSP and Windows game. Of the things remastered, the primary thing is texture resolution, and lighting.The textures look amazing, along with the new lighting style. This is something I think everyone can get behind, but I'm sure it will put some people off. Colors are more distinct and crisp. Playing the steam ver and PSP version side-by-side, one of the biggest differences is the lighting. Almost all of the textures are upgraded, but the lighting will really catch your eye. The game is a lot brighter than the original. I don't know if this is because of the PSP screen or not, but I tend to think it's a much better looking game because of it.When a lot of the primary progression of the game involves trekking through dungeons that are, for the most part, fairly straightforward, having a high level of input over your team composition and strategy is fairly engaging. I often found myself swapping characters in and out of party not out of obligation, but out of interest.Even on the normal difficulty mode, some of the battles presented in the main game involved a level of strategy that I didn't really encounter in the earlier entries; it often didn't stretch beyond utilizing elemental weaknesses and abusing S-crafts. While the 3rd could be similarly trivialized on a lower difficulty level or through copious level-grinding, I feel that it did not succumb to this weakness to the same extent.Battles play out very similar to what players would have seen in FC and SC, except now you get to create your own dream party and use some of their awesome Crafts: if you enjoyed the battle system in the previous two games, then you’ll enjoy this one. Even though it’s just more of the same, playing the game with new characters gives a pretty fresh feeling and I never felt bored.-The Pros-+Additional depth/detail to every main character in the Sky Trilogy.+Additional depth/detail to the world of West Zemuria.+A lot of foreshadowing to future installments (Zero, Azure, Cold Steel)+The Cons+-Not Voice or Dub(the difference between this and the PS VITA remaster versions, is that this one is now fully voiced on major scenarios, new visual arts, musics were fully arranged, and changes on the game balance)-Game still have Glitch and some bugs-Did Not Auto detect controller while starting the game(have to turn on from game settings)Neutral=Not The PS Vita Remaster VersionPS VITA VERSION (THE THING I WANT IT BADLY ON STEAM VERSION)They've added more combat turn bonuses. Zero Arts and Zero Crafts allows you to use a craft or art at a cost of 0 EP or CP respectively. They also added a Rush bonus that makes your first attack give a delay of 0, which means you can get a free turn right after.Another addition to combat they've added is the ability to hit enemies before engaging them. Like a lot of games where you have to actually run into enemies to start a random battle, you can now press O to attack them. Hitting from the front immobilizes them, and hitting them from the back stuns them, granting bonus XP at the end of the fight.Something more hardcore players might dislike is the changes to combat, which I think will make the game overall a lot easier. I'm not far into it, but leveling will be faster cause of the 2x XP Bonus from stunned back attacks (which you can choose not to use), fights will be easier due to Zero Arts and Zero Crafts (free arts and free crafts are crazy), and Rush giving you free basic attacks.-Conclusion-If you haven't played the original, Trails in the Sky is a sub-series in the Legend of Heroes series, featuring its own unique world and characters. It is a classic JRPG with a large focus on story and characters and turn-based combat. The combat is more of a mix of classic JRPG random encounters with some isometric strategy game elements.The combat is enjoyable, it allows for decent customization for all of your characters, and it offers some pretty decent challenge. Characters have their own special abilities, and they have a orbments which allow you to equip various amounts of special orbs that give special abilities based on the elements of those orbs. Lots of mix and match opportunities.My Verdict 4/5If you liked the first Legend Of Heroes game then this evolution is a must have addition to your collection. sadly we are not getting PS VITA remaster version which is partially voice and improve in game battle animation.NOTE:MY 3RD TIME BUYING THIS GAME, I HAVE THE PSP VERSION, PS VITA REMASTER VERSION ( R4 asia version) and now this PC STEAMxxxx Do Not Compare This To Vita Version xxxx"
,Recommended,436670,32107286,Posted: 1 June,all,suikoder,"Amazingly enough it's one of the best dungeon crawl games! or it could be but only if before playing it you've spent ~150 hours on previous games and there is no way around it, reading summaries won't cut it in this case.It also has: nice cozy dungeons with plenty of healing spots, teleporting and a home base full of books.Like other Trails games, it has superb mouse controls.Will mouse paradise end with this game? That is the question."
,Recommended,436670,31558109,Posted: 5 May,all,BarneyEX,Please translate Ao no Kiseki.
,Recommended,436670,31734301,Posted: 13 May,all,Zorin,Crossbell when?
76561198001454077,Recommended,436670,31623508,Posted: 8 May,all,Mexcalibur,"A continuation of Trails in the Sky: First Chapter and Trails in the Sky: Second Chapter, which were two games telling a single story, the Third is less of a sequel and more of an epilogue for the Liberl arc as well a prologue to the rest of the series, part of which has been released in the West as Trails of Cold Steel I and Trails of Cold Steel II.The main story is told as the player progresses through the dungeon, but the actual relevant world-building mostly takes place in flashback scenes- of which there are plenty. It is unmistakenbly very different in setup compared to Trails in the Sky FC and SC, where the player moves through a living, breathing world, while this game can be characterised more as a dungeoncrawler. While this can be disappointing, the overall world leaves no room for the playable characters of FC and SC to gang up for another great adventure in the continuity established there. Only by stepping outside of this frame of reference can we see them once more as a group, which is exactly what this game delivers- and with copious amount of flashbacks, too, to deliver extended glimpses into the world we've come to known in the first two games.This all makes the 3rd a very different beast compared to FC and SC- but with all mechanics remaining in place, a familiar one nonetheless. People coming in expecting more of FC and SC will be disappointed, but the game has enough charm of its own and is instrumental in broadening the scope of the world beyond Liberl that it remains a highly recommended, even essential, game to fans of the series."
76561198027182237,Recommended,436670,33026136,Posted: 29 June,all,ZanyZombie,"On October 26th, 2014, I was stumbling around Steam, looking for some RPG to spend some time on. A game by the name of Trails in the Sky caught my eye, so I decided to try it out. I wasn’t prepared for this series to completely blow me out of the water and change my outlook and give me so many new possibilities of the awesome world of Falcom. After the ending of FC, I scoured the internet to figure out when the sequel of this great game I just played would come. Sadly, it seemed that it would never come, through a series of events that could only be described as Murphy’s Law. About a year later, Trails in the Sky Second Chapter came out in English. This game again blew me out of the waters due to its amazing characterization and world building. I played Trails of Cold Steel I+II on the PS3 in the meantime. Then finally, around a year and a half after SC was launched, Trails in the Sky the Third, the final game in the ‘Sky’ arc of the Trails series, and I have to say, it is definitely the best.Firstly, this is the Third game of the Sky series, and not much will make sense if you start here.Trails in the Sky First Chapteris the place to start. The Third is pretty different from the average JRPG, and certainly different to the normal Trails game. It could best be described as “dungeon crawler” but that doesn’t do it justice. The Third mostly takes place in one giant area called Phantasma, and it includes doors that when opened with the right character or situation, will grant a memory fragment. These memory fragments are essentially huge amounts of development for characters and the world around them, and it wraps up well on how everyone is doing after the events of SC. There is so much more that gets explored in Phantasma, but it’s hard to include what they are without spoilers. The only negative here is that there are much fewer chances to talk to NPCs, but inter party interactions rise up. Battles are in the same grid system as the first two, and plays similarly to SC, but with a few new arts added in. It’s nice, fun, and difficult at the higher difficulties. The Third's difficulty isjuuuust rightSC had some pretty bad difficulty spikes, especially in the beginning of the game, but the Third hits the spot of being difficult, but not too difficult in certain areas, and is generally a much more internally balanced game than FC or SC.With the end of SC, it is also the end of Estelle and Joshua’s main story, but they do appear as side characters in the Third as well. Instead we have Kevin Graham, the somewhat mysterious Gralsritter Dominion of the Septian Church. It’s hard to go into explaining him without spoiling anything, but he has quite a few secrets up his sleeve. Also with him is the newly appointed Knight, Ries Argent, a childhood friend of Kevin’s. She’s probably one of the few characters I could complain about, but that was mainly due to her being one of the few new characters and without the development of previous games. Luckily, by the end she is definitely a very dear character. Kevin and Reis gain much of their development through the main story, where the rest of the original cast is farther looked upon in the doors.Speaking of the doors, they also offer insight on the continent of Zemuria as a whole, and bring up some plot points that come up in later Trails games.The Third has much darker tones than the other Trails games. Chapter 7 as a whole and star door 15 were absolutely beautiful, in a horrifying and depressing way.The music is up to Falcom’s high standards, and I’d argue it has the best soundtrack out of all the Sky games. I mean, who wouldn’t want to overdose on that heavenly bliss?XSEED’s translations are amazing as always, and they didn’t even censor a scene that could've been. Thumbs up here.All the things I love about the Trails series is here; lovable characters, excellent and detailed storytelling/worldbuilding/writing, awesome soundtrack. I could gush on about how some random NPC mentions a jewelry store in a city in Erebonia, in which game was made 6 years in the future, or that the literature of the game has some surprising backstory to them, or the cynical, sarcastic, 4th wall breaking, or reference creating empty chest quotes. Thank you Falcom and XSEED for this fun ride of a series.I hope Trails to Zero and Azure can be localized, but that will require these games to get good sales. Please at least try out Trails in the Sky First Chapter, or Trails of Cold Steel, coming soon to Steam. I’d appreciate it."
,Recommended,436670,31531673,Posted: 3 May,all,MS I HAVE A BIG STICK,"I've never enjoyed a series as much as I have enjoyed Trails/Kiseki! I've recently joined the bandwagon in the last year and honestly, the game and translation and character dynamic and overall story has succeeded in capturing my attention again and again! The characters are beautifully well-rounded and their interations with each other downright hilarious and sometimes heartbreaking. The game and battle system is not without flaws but it's one of the best I've played for an JRPG! It's fun and you can tell the details, the countless details Falcom and Xseed have put into this series and I don't regret supporting this series at all!I recommend playing through First Chapter to Third Chapter at your own pace and fall in love with the story as you go! I can't wait to finish 3rd, and I'm not stopping until I do!"
,Recommended,436670,31613104,Posted: 7 May,all,"Prof Dick Cancer, AIDS.","This entire series is one giant masterpiece. How it doesn't have more exposure is beyond me. SC was one of the highest rated games on steam and 3rd is another straight 10/10.If you love a really good story with crazy plot twists and incredibly lovable characters, stop whatever you're doing and play through this series starting with the first game. There are 3 games in my life that I've ever considered ""masterpieces"" and this is one of them. Probably the best game series I've ever played to be honest."
76561198070209268,Recommended,436670,32786391,Posted: 25 June,all,littlebro79,"If you want more Trails and want to learn Kevin's backstory, buy this game.Otherwise, this oneissomewhat different than the previous two. The open world is basically gone and the number of NPCs are significantly diminished. The battle system is 99% the same as well as leveling and character progression. The ""side quests"" are much more optional, but they all provide more background to various characters and add depth to the world.It's pretty much a self-contained story. Technically, it could probably be played without knowledge of the first two; however, youwillmiss out, whether in the side quests or the little character interactions. Kevin and Ries are the main focus, and while many recognizable faces will appear, they are mostly presented within the side quests; though, some are required for parts later in the game.Overall, a solid game. Definitely recommended for those interested in the lore and backstory, or just want to know who the heck Kevin is. Otherwise, if you're looking for Joshua/Estelle, open-world, and a million NPCs to talk to, this one may be skipped.Oh, and I thought the music in SC was great. There's some amazing tracks in this one."
,Recommended,436670,31755899,Posted: 14 May,all,SeventhCrimson,"Absolutely brilliant entry in The Legend of Heroes series.  Everything is absolutely of high-caliber: the story ties up all loose ends in the Liberl arc extremely well, the music is a meticulous masterpiece, and the tweaked gameplay from the two prior games make this game’s combat the very best rendition of them.The usage of the Moon, Star, and Sun doors and the dungeon running theme of the game were an excellent way of tying the whole story together. Each of the doors had a certain memory that explored the other important characters from the past two games, giving you insight to what exactly happened to those characters, all while not getting in the way of the story for the main protagonist, Kevin Graham, which made sense within the dungeon-based world.There is no way a type of game stylized around the first two games in the arc could’ve done this idea justice; there are just too many mysteries surrounding too many characters. It would require too much jumping round between characters to uncover the unresolved tidbits from the first two games. Another approach would’ve been an episodic-styled type of game where each episode concentrated on a certain set of characters and their story was told. The first game that comes to mind that did this was Final Fantasy IV: The After Years. While I absolutely loved its predecessor, Final Fantasy IV, the episodic approach just did not work out at all as it had the same problem as if this game took the “normal” approach: to reiterate, there was going to be too much jumping around between characters, and any attempt at all of the characters getting together would be completely unrealistic due to the events that occurred at (and after) the events of Trails in the Sky SC.For me, Trails in the Sky the 3rd has surpassed Trails in the Sky SC as my favorite game in the entire series (For reference, I have finished every other English-localized Trails game to date). This game was really just that good."
,Recommended,436670,34009908,Posted: 4 August,all,☮ GD_Anirudh100 ❤,"The 3rd installment in the Trails series. My favorite JRPG franchise of all time.The protagonists are Kevin Graham the priest from Second Chapter, and his companion Ries Argent. And they both go through some of the best character development i've seen in gaming. The story starts a bit slow but in a couple of hours when you understand what's going, It's really hard to put the controller down. My favorite part of the game is the Sun, Moon and Star Doors. Each Door triggers a flashback or a minigame. All the amazing characters from the previous games make an appearance and by doing their Doors you get to know their backstories and so much more about them. The dialogues are so well written. It's a Masterpiece really.10/10 Story10/10 Characters10/10 Gameplay10/10 Soundtrack10/10 Overall. My game of the year along with Persona 5If you have even a slight interest in RPG games, I Highly recommend the Trails series. It's my favorite and one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,436670,31534473,Posted: 3 May,all,Croy,Highly recomend this series. Highly recomend playing them in order. Go find the first chapter and start there.Piece of Cake.
76561198064002064,Recommended,436670,31889856,Posted: 21 May,all,godzillaisyourdaddy,"Okay... okay... *deep breath...* THIS GAME IS AMAZING!After completing all that I could do in my first playthrough, I am now ready to offer my thoughts on this stellar experience. But first, let's get a few things out of the way; if you already enjoyed the first two chapters, you are going to love this one and you MUST get this game, due to it being absolutely important to the overall story, HOWEVER, be prepared to have some changes thrown at you: Estelle and Joshua Bright are not the main protagonists in this one, and you are not able to explore the entirety of Liberl, instead the world is one long colorful dungeon with a hub area you reside at. If you are a true fan of this series, then none of these changes should be a problem. Moving on.In general, this game is absolutely incredible. It offers the darkest story of the three games with Kevin Graham as its protagonist, whom you only got to know a bit in SC, however, what you got to see was only on the surface of who he truly is. I am not going to spoil anything of course, but expect to reeeeeeeeally feel for the guy after progressing through the story. A lot of the awesome characters we know and love return, as well as a few new faces that do not fail to shine too, with expanded character development and fantastic dialogue when you talk to them or while progressing through the world.This game functions as both an Epilogue to the Sora no Kiseki (Trails in the Sky) series, and an incredibly important Prologue for both Zero no Kiseki (Trails of Zero, which I highly doubt its going to be called) and Ao no Kiseki (Trails of Azure, again probably not what its going to be officially called), and Sen no Kiseki (Trails of Cold Steel). The main story, while incredibly important, has little to do with the next series of games, but a few of the side stories experienced through the Doors are what connect this game to them. Be prepared to have your mind blown, because these side stories are going to answer a lot of questions and provide some deep mysteries to chew over while we wait for the next series release.The game play is exactly the same as it has always been, with a few new tweaks here and there, mostly in the way how you go about the world and the supports mechanic. In general this game is a easier than SC, especially if you used your previous save file from SC, which I highly recommend you do. Don't worry, the Prologue is not as ridiculuosly difficult as SCs (thank Aidios). There are only a couple of tough fights, with the majority being fairly easy to get through if you know what you are doing, which should be obvious if you played the first two chapters. By now, you should have a very good idea of how the core battle system  works. As long as you pay attention to your opponents stats, as well as your parties, you should be fine.Of couse, this being a Falcom game, the soundtrack for this game has to be good right? YESI It is so good! I really enjoyed the music in this game at just about every location. The exploration themes are beautiful and mysterious, boss fight themes are amazingly epic orchestral with rock thrown in, and the emotional story moments are perfectly express through quiet, somber piano, violins, and more. I recommend you buy the soundtrack for all the Legend of Heroes games, they are totally worth it.Like I have done with the two previous games, I am going play this one through Nightmare and full completionist, although it is definitely easier to find all of the items in this game on your first playthrough, especially if you are taking the time to explore, which is not that hard to do when the world is linear. After finishing this game once, you will have a good idea of who and what is going to be difficult on Nightmare, especially if you first played this one on Hard like I did.Sorry for the long essay, but it has be said that this game is fantastic and we are all blessed that XSEED games took the time to localize this for us all and that Falcom made such as fabulous product. Thank you XSEED and Falcom for bringing us another amazing game that I truly cherish. I am sure that I am not alone in that we are absolutely excited to play Sen no Kiseki (Trails of Cold Steel) on PC, AND that we hope you guys are able to localize both the Crossbell games.I personally want the Crossbell games more since they technically take place right after Trails 3rd and I don't like to skip over essential story, but I will suck it up and play Cold Steel when it comes out, despite the loss for now.LIke everyone has said before, if you are interested in this game, you MUST purchase and play through the first two chapters, or you will be missing out on a lot of juicy references and the characters wont mean as much to you otherwise. Hope you all enjoy this final part of the trilogy as much as I have!"
,Recommended,436670,32532042,Posted: 18 June,all,Cloud57,A fitting way to end one of the best trilogy of Jrpg ever made.
,Recommended,436670,34155219,Posted: 10 August,all,Arsene-Lupin,"If you haven't played both Trails in the Sky and Trails in the Sky SC, go away. This game is not for you.If you have played the Trails in the Sky duology, you're almost certainly going to buy this game no-questions asked. Which is fine. Clearly you are a person of impeccable taste and judgment. There are, however, a few things you should probably be aware of before you dive it.The 3rd is not really an indpendent game in its own right--it's more of a Gaiden game. It functions mostly as an extended epilogue to the classic Trails in the Sky duology, while also laying down the foundations for future story arcs (upon which much has been built in the Crossbell and Erebonia sequences).The game is effectively divided into three kinds of content: lots of dungeon crawling; mostly indpendent character scenes (taking the form of flashbacks) featuring familiar characters from the prior two Sky games; and mini-games! The dungeon-crawling is fairly generic, as the combat system here is more or less the same as in the prior games, and many of the environments you'll be exploring are the exact *same* environments you explored back in FC and SC. There are some new areas to explore, but not many, and personally I found them too abstract to be very interesting. The mini-games are extremely varied and range from incredibly tedious (playin' poker with Gambler Jack) to the amazing (airship shmup!), and can be a lot of fun. The real meat of the game are the character vignettes, all of which are--at the very least--amusing. If you're here, you've likely already fallen in love with these characters, and you'll be glad to know that everyone gets their time in the spotlight here, and the character writing is as strong as ever.That said, not everything is sunshine and roses.There is a ""present"" story arc tying all of those flashbacks, dungeons and mini-games together. and... there's no getting around it: it's not very good. The story is short and relatively predicable, with little dialog and less exposition. Our new protagonist, Kevin Graham, performs solidly here--but fails to be quite as interesting as he was in SC--and his lovely lady heroine, Ries Argent, is among the least compelling characters in the entire Trails pantheon, owing mostly to her lack of screenstime. She is absent from entire swaths of the game, and despite her enormous potential, simply does not get sufficient dialog to properly develop. She really only interacts with Kevin, infrequently, and is isolated from the rest of the cast.Utlimately Trails in the Sky: The 3rd is a bit underwhelming. It's a fun romp, but it could have been so much better with a little more focus on the narrative. The absence of NPCs to talk to, the simplistic structure of the plot, and the underdeveloped heroine are all flaws that are difficult to dismiss."
,Recommended,436670,32940002,Posted: 28 June,all,Mad Dog Prime,"I reviewed this game for DieHard GameFAN. This is the short attention span summary of my review: Bringing back the same battle system, assets, and locales for a third outing could be seen as squeezing as much blood from the stone as Falcom possibly can. And JRPG fans especially are frequently subjected to filler for the purposes of extending an experience. However, The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd manages to retread familiar ground without making players feel like they are wasting their time. The new dungeon crawler-like format helps to keep the experience fresh, while the many optional story scenes are worth seeking out if only to see what your favorite characters have been up to lately. Kevin Graham manages to be interesting enough to carry the bulk of the narrative and the stellar localization helps drive this home further. If you’ve done everything there is to do in the first two Trails in the Sky games, then you probably have this game in your library already. Anyone still on the fence about the new format or question whether they’d indulge in yet another game with this characters, I will say this much: I hate games, especially RPG’s, that I feel like are wasting my time with inconsequential quests and exposition. And I thoroughly enjoyed Trails in the Sky the 3rd. Given the chance, I think you will too."
,Recommended,436670,31568684,Posted: 5 May,all,Redditor,"The third and final part of the Sky series certainly doesn't disappoint. This game is quite different from the other ones, both in structure and in tone. This time around you play as Kevin Graham, a ""priest"" of the Septian Church, along with his newly arrvived partner, Ries Argent. While the game may be much ligher on main story and instead more gameplay-oriented (the game is largely a dungeon-crawler, after all), the story that's there is - as always - nothing short of brilliant. The lore of the series is also greatly expanded upon, much of which will come into play in games released almost a decade later. At times, the game takes on a darker tone than most JRPGs (especially one part, although that one is part of a side story), and the protagonists are quite different from your typical JRPG heroes (or even most protagonists in general) - which is always a plus in my book.The gameplay is pretty good for a turn-based game; I know I've certainly enjoyed it quite a bit so far. The battle system is mostly just an expanded version of the one from the previous two entries. I would also like to point out that the OST is nothing short of amazing, certainly a major upgrade from FC & SC.It is highly recommended that you play the previous two entries (Trails in the Sky FC & SC) before jumping into this one in order to truly appreciate all of the side stories, as well as content pertaining to the main story. These side stories flesh out many already well-developed characters even more, while also giving quite a bit of information relating to the lore and the world of the series. Playing the previous games is definitely not required though, but don't be surprised if you get confused sometimes -  it IS an epilogue after all (though loosely-related to the prequels).I can scarcely think of any largely detrimental flaws. The only minor flaw I can think of is how loosely connected the main story and the side stories are, but that's quite understandable in this particular case, considering how the game is structured (though it still holds the game back slightly).To conclude: Great story, great characters, great music, good gameplay, and it's a real marvel for people heavily invested in the lore and world of the series. 9.5/10."
,Recommended,436670,31531730,Posted: 3 May,all,Laces G,"fantastic jrpg, i enjoy this game so much. and i haven't played the other 2 games of the series but i just may, this game was recommended to me since i enjoy disgea and those games, and i feel ashamed i didnt know about the series sooner. this game is great, i love the battle mechanics, the theme music that pays during the battle. story is pretty darn good. if anyone likes jrpgs and love the genre i say get it this jrpg game is worth it."
,Recommended,436670,31545714,Posted: 4 May,all,iamsenpai,"Can't go wrong with trails, one of the best written and consistant underrated rpgs to ever see the light of day."
76561198143390685,Recommended,436670,31542424,Posted: 4 May,all,pianogrinder,"Having played LOH 1 and 2 and beat them both, I was excited to see the 3rd chapter finally come to PC.I like the use of lighting and shadows especially when Kevin is on the airliner in the first part of the game.Will have to get used to Kevin being the lead character and see where the story goes.To me, the game series has a Xenogears ""feel"" to it (without the mechs) with field rotation and sprite characters.The music is as great as always. Now I just have to keep playing to see where Estelle and Joshua come into being as part of the story. After playing the first two LOH games, Estelle and Joshua kind of grew on me as main characters and with the third one with Kevin as the lead, It kind of threw me for a loop leaving me feeling like a fish out of water but in a good way.I definitetly recommend this game for all LOH followers. But I recommend playing the first two then the 3rd in order so you don't get lost."
76561198065109039,Recommended,436670,31532895,Posted: 3 May,all,davidchl7,"This is one of my favourite PC games ever and I have played plenty in my life time.If you enjoyed the stories of the first two games of this amazing trilogy, you will certainly appreciate the behind stories and further discoveries that you will uncover playing this game. There are so many new S-crafts you will encounter and will definitely enjoy the variety of characters you are able to play as well as the diversity in the combinations of your party. Despite having played this game in Japanese (and I am not even Japanese) 4,5 times, I still decided to purchase this game to help XSEED to translate and localize other Legend of Heroes games in the future.That. is how good the game is."
,Recommended,436670,32209199,Posted: 5 June,all,Radene,"So, the third entry in a series of which I have reviewed the first onehere,and the second onehere.And this one is different.Not only has the protagonist pair changed, the style of the game has as well. The first thing I'll say is I don't think I've felt quite as great while playing this one, even if I did come rather close - this one is also solid and enjoyable. But let's get to the details, shall we.Unlike the first two games, this one doesn't deal with a large and wide-spreading plot, but is rather a personal journey of one Kevin Graham, Fifth Dominion of the Gralsritter of the Septian Church. You might remember this fellow from the second game where he spent most of his time being an easy-going shameless flirt, until the very end, and that's when a glimpse into his true nature could be had. Well, Trails the 3rd builds up on that, and you'll see a very changed Kevin Graham at the end.Now partnered with an old friend and sister figure, Sister Ries Argent, the two need to figure out just why the hell things turned out the way they did, and along the way, you'll be joined by many characters you know and love, and maybe some you don't. You'll also end up fighting against some of them. And some of those you learned to hate, of course. After all, the main characters of this tale are tightly linked with each other, and it's only inevitable for them to eventually run into each other again...while meeting a bunch of new ones.The gameplay is largely the same as in Second Chapter, with an addition of a ""support"" party member - a fifth person that won't tag along with you, but will give you a combination of bonuses (and sometimes a malus) as long as you have them in support role. The bonus can be anything from extra attack power to extra sepith drops from enemies. Other than that, the gameplay is largely the same, except that thanks to all the gear you will no doubt abscond with on your jouney, spamming S-crafts and S-breaks is even easier than ever. Not that it's going to help you on a couple of those seriously messed up fights you're running into, mind.The main plot of this game is a rather straight-forward dungeon crawl in order to get out of the sticky situation you find yourself in, but it's the optional content (located in ""doors"" scattered throughout the place) where the storytelling and worldbuilding really shines. Ever wondered how Scherazard became a full-fledged bracer? Ever wondered if there's more to Olivier than the fun-loving, irresponsible rascal that he is? Ever wondered just what Renne's deal is? Now you can find out, and plenty of those side-stories open up new horizons, and foreshadow the games to come, and clear up some of the past happenings that have only been mentioned in passing in the first two games.Trails in the Sky the 3rd also hits us with several new awesome music tracks, but at this point, I simply consider ""Nihon Falcom has awesome music in their games"" a fact as mundane as ""seawater is salty"". No but seriously, you can't not love The Crimson Stigma track.Obviously this one has minigames too. Fishing, gambling, and arena fights are known to you from the first two games, likely, but this one adds another two into the mix. They can get rather frustrating at times, but they're a welcome break now and then.All in all, while different, the game is a satisfying piece, and even if the Liber Ark plot has been resolved by the end of the Second Chapter, and this one takes things into an entirely new direction, the connections to the first two are rather clear, and rather strong. At first I had my doubts about whether or not Kevin can pull off a proper protagonist act, but he managed.If you played and enjoyed the first two, give this one a whirl, just keep in mind that you're not playing a direct sequel to them. If you haven't enjoyed the first two, then you likely might not enjoy this one either (but why are you reading this then?). If you haven't played the first two, you could technically play this one as a stand-alone game. But you really shouldn't.Anyway, onwards to Erebonia and seeing what the cold steel has in store for us.PS: Sieg is still a seriously overpowered bird."
,Recommended,436670,31641160,Posted: 9 May,all,limestar416,"Honestly havent played any of the other games, so while my word may not mean too much, ill give it a shot for all of those people who havent played the series up to this pointOne thing that's gotta be said, cause its kinda important:There is no Tutorial!You may be saying to yourself ""wait what? why isnt there one?"" Well, after a lil research on my end, this sometimes happens when the developers of a game series decide to not concider their fanbase as 5 year olds who need to be spoon-fed details every 5 seconds. However, dont fear too much about this, after the first bit of story you'll be given some of the rules that explain all the stuff this game has to offer, if you havent figured it out already (Honestly i had a good grasp at almost all battle mechanics when they gave me those rules).Now, as far as game-play goes, I'd suggest at least a few things before concidering to buy the game.Like most of the comments say, this game is EXTREMELY story heavy. But, fortunately, even if you are not familiar with the games prior to this one, the story is still highly interesting. As far as character development goes, youll honestly have trouble findng JRPGs with this amount of content.As for combat, its all about your ability to plan out moves ahead.So far, medium seemed too easy for me, however while i may act like its nothing, there are still times when i almost died to bosses within that game mode, so dont take it as your average walk in the park, If you wanna try a higher difficulty, then try hard, i'd say at least play easy mode up until the first boss to get a good feel as to where you stand in terms of combat. On another note, if you prefer combat intensive gameplay over story, it is also highly reccomended that you play on hard or (if you have the balls to... no seriously, i cannot descirbe to you how hard this mode is) Nightmare mode.... like the game says though, it's your funeral.Now usually, this is the part where i would go into Cons of this game... but i cannot find any honestly.the combat is justified, as cruel and unforgiving as it can be sometimes, it does in fact give you ample tme to prepare yourself for each attack the enemy will lash out on you. It honestly depends on how well you prepare for a duel ahead of time. If you see minions, attack them first to lessen dps, keep party well maintained enough to withstand an attack, use magic and status effects on enemies to their fullest and exploit any and all weaknesses whenever possible. All of the gameplay is fluid, and the story elements are top notch even if you dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ is even happening, its all highly interesting.I strongly reccomend this game for anyone who loves the classical JRPGs as well as those who are a fan of Final Fantasy Tactics (Yes that game is as old as moldy cheese, but it ages well dammit). This game is not to be missed if you love a good story and some strategic gameplay.Hope this helps in your decision!"
,Recommended,436670,31530585,Posted: 3 May,all,RAY DO IT,"Play the first 2 (FC and SC), then this, and then the cold steel games when they come to steam later this year. RPGs are my favorite genre and this series is my favorite RPG series. Nuff said."
76561198095925279,Recommended,436670,33251435,Posted: 4 July,all,Gen,"I am writing this review as someone who has gone through the stories of all three Trails in the Sky games, as well as 90% through the two currently released Trails of Cold Steel games.  This is an important point, as it is part of why this game had such a signifigant impact for me.Trials in the Sky 3rd, while not as strong by itself as SC (Which is now my favorite game, hands down, no exceptions), is a great connecting piece for what is to come in the series, and a fantastic look into the inner workings of some of the old AND new characters that show up within the game.  Kevin Graham and his squire Ries Argent are the biggest examples of this, as these two go from relatively unknown characters to VERY fleshed out people throughout the course of the game as their past is laid bare for all to see.  The world of 3rd is a large dungeon-like area, which threw me off for a good while, but did not necessarily take away from the bigger picture.  It made the stakes feel a bit higher in fact, as you explore the illusionary world of Phantasma to find out what is going on.The big draw for me though was the Memory Doors.  For those who haven't played, the Memory Doors are doors scattered throughout the game (25 total, though a few have multiple events) that contain mini stories about that certain characters' lives.  For an example, there is one particular door showing how Scherazard became a senior bracer, and her final job before this happens - while also showing a bit of Aina's - the guild receptionist from Rolent - past.Others, like Prince Olivert's final moments in Liberl, show events that took place between SC and 3rd.  This one I just mentioned in particular, as well as several other plot points and doors, set up for what is going to happen in Trails of Cold Steel, and some of the plot points are first revealed within this game.  This fact REALLY helped me appreciate 3rd and its story, even if I feel that it is overshadowed by SC in almost every other aspect.So, with that, I recommend this game to any who have played the first two, or the Trails of Cold Steel.  Many of the things that happen in that subseries are introduced here, and this helps shed some light on what brought them about.  I would highly recommend though, if you haven't already, play through the first two of the Trails in the Sky games first, as they are fantastic games!"
,Recommended,436670,31532547,Posted: 3 May,all,sir gaylord meme supreme,"The best things come in trilogies, do yourself a favor and buy all three and enjoy!"
,Recommended,436670,31620376,Posted: 8 May,all,Plerr,"Different from FC and SC, but you'll still want to pick this up if you've completed them! If you are like me, you weren't thrilled when you found out Kevin Graham and some nun chick were essentially replacing Estelle and Joshua for the final installment of the Liberl arc. Worry not, my friend. It won't take long to figure out there's a lot more to Kevin than what we saw in Second Chapter. As to be expected, he's not the only one to receive significant character growth in this tale.In addition to its own story, a large amount of side content in The 3rd contains interesting stories of every cast member's memories that helped shape them into the people you know and love. There's also quite a bit of interesting foreshadowing for the other arcs in the Trails of series, perhaps the most interesting one being the connections between Sky and Cold Steel. Having played through Cold Steel I & II, I was very intrigued by a couple of familiar faces who show up in Liberl...and if that doesn't convince you let me tell you THIS:.........Olivier is back and sexier than ever in his Erebonian prince attire! <3Yep, I knew that'd do the trick. Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,436670,31550669,Posted: 4 May,all,Legendary,"Another great game to add to the series. Now, if you liked this series because it revolved around Estelle and Joshua, this game isn't for you. If you like this series because of all the towns and NPC talking, this game isn't for you. There are some spots where large pieces of NPC dialogue is but it's nothing like the first two games. Other than that though, it's a really great game and I highly reccomend buying it."
76561197984512206,Recommended,436670,31595738,Posted: 6 May,all,Knack2Baybee,Trails the series that cares more about its minor side characters than recent Final Fantasys care about their main cast....To be less salty this game has been a true blast. It wouldn't work without the build up from FC and SC but because it leverages that it can provide an incredible amount of insight in so many of the side characters and fleshing them out in ways where you just can't wait to see them again in the future. 3rds biggest strength for me personally was the incredible story variety that is anchored well in an engaging main character plot around your favorite wandering priest.
76561198045946288,Recommended,436670,32304745,Posted: 9 June,all,Miga,"Bittersweet conclusion to this wonderful trilogy. Nice to see the old cast together as well as the addition of new ones. Music is amazing as usual. The series is well-written and the addition of the Sun, Moon and Star doors for sidequests/character sidestories in this 3rd game was well done! It was interesting to see what the cast and the NPCs were up to and tying up the story of the Liberl Arc overall. These doors also shared interesting facts, information connecting to the other countries and their arcs. I hope the Crossbell arc (Ao and Zero) gets localized at some point and can't wait to replay Cold Steel 1 & 2 (Erebonian Arc) on the PC coming up this year while waiting for the release of Cold Steel 3. But the story and characters of the Liberl arc will always have a special place in my heart :') <3~So if you like or interested in well-written JRPGs (that are rare these days IMO) with awesome character, music, battle, world-building...Legend of Heroes: Trails of series is highly recommended to play!Looking forward to the other arcs Falcom is planning and the future of the Trails series :D!"
,Recommended,436670,31862562,Posted: 20 May,all,*√∞Dangerous∞√*,"it's a dream come true to see this game finally localized, thanks to all the people responsible for this amazing work, it continues to be the best localization work on a jrpg i've had the pleasure to experience!For me it's definitely the most enjoyable and emotional trails game out there and i find it hard to believe that a future game can top this, especially for the non-typical jrpg structure it has and the bigger focus on dungeon crawling and worldbuilding this time around are so refreshing.I relly enjoyed the doors in-between all the dungeon crawling, thanks to them they've managed to get rid of the pacing problems the earlier games had sometimes. So in that sense the meat of the story is filler-free, while the doors are here for most of the character development and worldbuilding.Kevin Graham and Ries Argent are some of the best main protagonists, its refreshing to finally see more mature/experienced characters at the head of the group.The more dark and foreboding atmosphere are at the center of attention this time and not more in the background like we've been accustomed to with the other games in the series, it's certainly another highlight of the 3rd.I really hope this game will be a success, so that the two Crossbell games can finally come over and close the circle!"
76561198250064100,Recommended,436670,32756137,Posted: 24 June,all,l̶n̶d̶r̶i̶c̶o̶,"~ Cry for me ~This game so great.It has nice story and thenEspecially that music.It's beyond epicness.Note : Somehow this game really remind me Persona 3 FES - The Answer. Full of dungeon, have a side story, there're many door."
,Recommended,436670,31580919,Posted: 6 May,all,SchwartZero,"If you want to wash the bad taste out of your mouth, after having played several dozens of bad JRPGs, you should probably get this game!"
,Recommended,436670,32863094,Posted: 27 June,all,[itslit] Llamafbi,"Assuming you have played the the first and second chapter of Trails in the sky, I would say the 3rd chapter is a must.The game is different from the first two as you no longer play from Estelle's perspective, but you get a lot of information from what goes around with the world after the end of SC. The gameplay is similiar to the first two, and after playing the first two you should roughly know what to expect. If you finished SC and still wanted more, or you still want another trails again, I would highly recommend playing the 3rd."
,Recommended,436670,32436060,Posted: 15 June,all,tzening,"A grand conclusion of the Liberl Arc and it's colourful cast that also opens up the possibliites for the rest of Zumeria aka Zero/Ao duology and the Cold steel series. In mordern gamer terms, it's the expansion pack you never knew you needed until you actually played it."
76561198077649060,Recommended,436670,33327689,Posted: 6 July,all,Reclusegamer,"See my Sky 1 and Sky 2 reviews first.Trails in the Sky FCTrails in the Sky SCIt may be the end but it certainly isn't over.The nation of liberl may be saved due to Estelle's and everyone elses' efforts to stop the catastrophe that befell them and their nation but prior events during closing Sky 2 have left unfinished business.Half a year following the closing events of the 2nd sky game, Father Kevin discovers an artifact that pulls him and a close friend of his into an illusionary dimension where he'll need the aid of the bracers once again, as well as 2 characters you didn't get to play as in the 2nd sky game, to stop a potential repeat of the last catastrophe.The main focus of the story here is Father Kevin and his friend Ries Argent, for very good reasons. Everything involving Estelle, Joshua, and everyone else is resolved, mostly. The bulk of this game's main story is Father Kevin and Ries Argent's past.This game's main purpose is basically to send off the characters for their final endings not to mention put closure to events taking place with other npcs. These bits of memories and sidestory are locked behind Moon, Star, and Sun doors. Opening these doors have some prerequisites involved but it's nothing too cryptic. You'll learn mostly what the characters you know have been doing in the past half of a year following the events of sky 2, as well as some other sidestory or past experiences that some of the characters had for character development.Prepare yourself bracer! This is the end! You will also know EVERYTHING about EVERYONE.You also know a RPG knows how to put closure when the treasure chests start encouranging you to reach the end, wishing you luck, and all that stuff.Gameplay? Still the same, with an extra twist, there's new AT window bonuses. Rush, Guard, and Death. Rush is your spell is cast instantly, or you can attack twice in the same turn. Guard is your attack on that turn does no damage. Death is your next physical attack has 100% deathblow but don't get carried away, it's not going to be a free kill if the monster has insta-death immunity.Before I say my last two cents combined with some memorable final words I need to give some warnings out.In the wise but oft-abused memes of World of Warcraft...YOUARENOTPREPARED...FOR WHAT AWAITS AT CHAPTER 7!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NO ONE IS PREPARED!!!I didn't want to get out of bed for a weekafter I finished that chapter!!!! 0_________________0;You need no other reasons or other info.BUY.FINISH.and put closure to this marvelous introduction to Nihon Falcom's ""The Legend of Heroes"" franchise.Introduction?Yes, introduction.For liberl, it's over and done with but if you saw Star Door 14 and the 7-8 references to another nation called ""Crossbell"" you will realize...that this...is truly and only the beginning..."
,Recommended,436670,31769037,Posted: 15 May,all,Xerxes. bre@k,"A very solid game and truly a remarkable epilogue for the Trails in the Sky series. I enjoyed playing the series more than Fire Emblem Awakening and Final Fantasy franchise, even with many similarities and constrasts alike. The story was beautifully fleshed out and accompanied with great BGM. I adore the character development of Kevin Graham as the main protagonist and welcomed all other 15 companions that stood together till the end. The pain and distraught felt by Kevin were enough for me to keep on going and finish this series.The slight downside of this game was the overwhelming number of doors to open and difficulty of Sun Doors. I like the concept of Doors replacing Bracer Guild's quests which opened up many backstories of characters involved. At first, I only personally cared for Kevin and Joshua but when exposed to Schera's backstory, I appreciated on how she persevered to survive in life which compelled me to know more about the other characters.That being said, thank you to the developer and publisher of Trails in the Sky series in translating and bringing to life an awesome series that ought to be impossible at first. :)"
,Recommended,436670,34074790,Posted: 6 August,all,Pietoro,"I'll admit I was a bit disappointed when I realized this was just a dungeon crawler like Ys (as in, there is a multi-tiered area with only monsters and bosses, and no open world or npcs) with the Trails combat system and characters, and not like the first two games in the series in any other gameplay aspect.You will learn more story and context of the events and main Trails cast in 3rd, delivered in narrative chunks through portals found in the dungeon that open for certain characters and offer either cutscene-type side stories or minigames.For people really into the plot of Trails in the Sky and want to know more about Kevin Graham and everyone else, 3rd will wrap up many loose ends. However, if you are like myself and felt that the combat was the weakest part of the series you may not be as enthusiastic about a game that is basically only that + infodump cutscenes instead of a full JRPG. So your mileage may vary.Because I really liked the characters in Trails in the Sky, I'm still getting something out of the game in that regard, despite it not being what I would've preferred. It's more my personal taste than anything wrong with the game itself, so I'd still recommend it if you like this kind of gameplay and have played the first two games."
,Recommended,436670,31798202,Posted: 16 May,all,Jumphop,So rich in lore. And the sound track omg so awesome!!!
,Recommended,436670,31761673,Posted: 14 May,all,SPACE HAMSTER,A wonderful epilogue for the Sky subseries of Trails that sets up the future conflicts in the series quite well while also telling a heartfelt story about one of the most likeable members of the group.
,Recommended,436670,32991933,Posted: 29 June,all,Mach,"9.5/10 It's different from the previous games where you play as another character Kevin Graham and get to know his side of the story (which is pretty cool). Most of the story doesn't take place in the ""real"" world but you get many more characters to choose from to form your party. You also get to know more about the other characters' histories by finding and completing ""doors"" throughout the new world."
,Recommended,436670,31671761,Posted: 10 May,all,Butter-Fly,"This game is the third and final entry in the Trails in the Sky trilogy. Most of its payoff hinges on your intimate familiarity with characters and events from the first two games, so I can’t recommend this as a starting point. The entire trilogy is on Steam, so if you’re interested in getting into a JRPG series with great writing and consistent world building, start with the firstTrails in the Sky. Trails of Cold Steel, which comes to Steam this summer, is also a good starting point if you want something more modern.Now about this game's format. The potential concern for fans of the first two Sky games is that the 3rd is a dungeon crawler. You're not getting a big bracer adventure in the 3rd, but rather than dwell on that, let’s break down what you will get and why it's still worth your time.The dungeon crawling aspect is surprisingly good. Difficulty modes are nicely balanced this time and fast travel is a real time saver. As you crawl around Phantasma, you'll find new monsters, more party members, doors (more on this later), a few new quartz, and the return of talking treasure chests. The treasure chest phrases in particular add flair to what would otherwise be fairly ordinary dungeon crawling, and I often found myself playing longer than I expected just to read a few more of them. The 3rd has a lot of options when it comes to party members, as well as a new feature where you get boosts from characters you’re not using. Falcom also made some very interesting choices for bosses this time, and some are sure to surprise and please existing fans. All this is done to the tune of what I think is the best soundtrack in the trilogy and some of Falcom’s finest music overall.The 3rd has a fantastic main story but it’s very back loaded, which means that the first half is more about dungeon crawling and finding things than it is about Kevin and Ries. Kevin being the oldest Trails protagonist to date is refreshing, providing players with an appropriately darker and more mature tone compared FC/SC’s coming of age story. Doors scattered throughout Phantasma contain side stories and info. With the doors being mostly separate from one another, the writing in this game is definitely more disjointed, but that isn’t necessarily a bad thing. The main advantage of this delivery is it lets players see and learn things that normally wouldn’t or couldn’t be presented in an FC or SC style game. While the first door you open may give the impression that all you’ll do is watch and read what’s going on like a visual novel, some of the later side story doors are more involving. Much like the first two games, the 3rd's script has a lot of character and is a pleasure to read. In terms of content, you get a lot more insight on the characters and the politics of Zemuria, presented in a more personal and concise way.There’s not much about the 3rd that I dislike, but I’ll include some nitpicks here. Moon door 1 is one of the first side story doors you’ll encounter and it’s a long one with no breaks. It’s not representative of most doors, and can be a nasty surprise for those expecting something short and sweet. There is a lot of recycling when it comes to areas and even bosses, but I generally didn’t mind it since there’s often some kind of compensation that makes it a bit better, such as being able to explore a place that wasn’t previously accessible. S-crafts can be skipped with a right click, but the battle system is still sluggish. As usual though, a few clicks is all it takes to set up a speed hack and turn that into a non-issue. One of the playable characters in this game is just flat out bad and would be dead weight in any party in a higher difficulty run. With so many playable characters though, it’s not a big deal.While FC and SC were focused on fleshing out the Liberl Kingdom, the 3rd further develops the characters you’ve come to love while laying down an important lore foundation for future arcs. This seems liketheTrails game to play to deepen your appreciation of everything else in the series. Even if you don’t plan on playing beyond the Liberl arc, this is an immensely satisfying epilogue for the Sky cast. Because of this, I consider the 3rd to be essential for existing fans. I love this game as much as the first two, and I hope you give it the chance to impress you too."
76561198016086401,Recommended,436670,31537735,Posted: 4 May,all,Yuey,BUY ALL THREE
,Recommended,436670,31534995,Posted: 3 May,all,MasterQueeferino,"This was a pleasant surprise!Even if it's only half as good as 1 and 2 it's money well spent!And I want to support these traslators, keep them coming!"
,Recommended,436670,31594349,Posted: 6 May,all,HoboForEternity,"another amazing entry to the trails series. it is a little different to the first 2 because it is more or less a dungeon crawler and more cobmat heavy. despite its nature, it still offer great story with amazingly translated dialogues. it is also heavier on lore, character development and continuity.buy it so everyone can play trails to zero, trails to azure, and trails of cold steel 1,2,3 on steam!"
,Recommended,436670,31688269,Posted: 11 May,all,Trails of Woke Steel,Who knew an engineer and a nun could be so cute?
,Recommended,436670,33980618,Posted: 2 August,all,Str8 Flexin,"Pros -+ Combat for the most part has been refined and pretty well balanced. Difficulty feels just right.+ Writing continues to amaze.+ Character development has always been a strong point for Trails. This has not changed.+ A large amount of playable characters to choose from.+ Music! New and Old!+ The Moon/Star doors. I'm reluctant to even call them Side quests. DO NOT MISS THESE! Some of them are incredibly important to the overall plot, while others do a great job of fleshing out events from the first two games.Cons -- Majority of the game is made up of reused areas from the first two games. Several of them end up feeling lifeless due to the lack of NPC's.- Being forced to only use 4 characters at once. It's torture!- I could have done without the mini games (The Sun Doors). Would have preferred more Plot in the form of Moon/Star Doors. The arena mini game was nice though.Trails TC is an epilogue to the first two games, wraps everything up very nicely, and sets up for the ""Crossbell Arc"". It's an absolute must play if you liked the first two."
,Recommended,436670,31528912,Posted: 3 May,all,Eisenmonoxid,"A great ending for a great triology. I have no idea how Falcom manages to create one 10/10 game after another. Especially the ending hit me hard. Seeing all this characters for the last time after 3 games was just incredibly sad.What started with First Chapter is completed here satisfactorily. This is also (in my opinion) the shortest game in the triology and also the most obscure one. The Tone of ""The Third"" is surprisingly dark and mature, compared to the previous two entries.The graphics have nice effects. Of Course, the game is over a decade old and was co-developed for the PSP, and it shows, also the PC-Version has DirectX 8 and is limited to 125 FPS. However, it has nice effects like Glow or Reflections, where i'm not sure if they're unique to the English PC Release or if the original Japanese Version already had them. It sure looks nice, when your characters are reflected in water or in the ground. Airships now have a distortion effect for heat.Generally speaking, everything looks like how it's supposed to be. 2D-Sprites add some nostalgic feeling. I like them better than fully 3D rendered Models.The soundtrack is, as expected from Falcom Sound Team jdk, absolutely godlike. Although there are not as many tracks as Second Chapter had, that you could listen to independantly from the game, the present tracks are all well done and add perfectly to everything that happens. This is how videogame music has to sound. Not with large orchestras like so many games do it today. Memorable Melodies and the few tracks with Vocals are great too.Finally, i have to say, of all three games, Second Chapter remains my favorite. The Third is much darker and mature, but it feels more like a great Fandisc with Sun, Star and Moon Doors."
76561198184385459,Recommended,436670,31547801,Posted: 4 May,all,Helxx_Lutja,"Play the first two (and they are almost always on deep sale these days) before playing this.This is another fantastic game in the series.  The music, the writing the variety of enemies, items, magic and maps."
76561198289973603,Recommended,436670,31799808,Posted: 16 May,all,IA,waiting for crossbell arc and cold steel 3
,Recommended,436670,31659952,Posted: 9 May,all,801tman,"While it goes away from the formula that made the first two games extremely enjoyable, Trails in the Sky the 3rd is no slouch either. Definitely was worth the wait. Now all we can do is hope they make the Crossbell arc in English as well."
76561198141217033,Recommended,436670,31545216,Posted: 4 May,all,Blaues Gras,At chapter 2 now and enjoying every single moment with this game. Hard difficulty seems a bit too easy right now but I'm scared of Nightmare and I hope it gets more challening. Only real problem I have are strange frame issues that I can't fix no matter what I try (tried everything suggested by dev). Other than that though it's great.
,Recommended,436670,31684340,Posted: 11 May,all,DG 'Anand',"This game both provides catharsis and resolution for its two prequels and also ties in to (and provides intrigue for) the rest of the series in all the best ways. Gameplay-wise it's easily the best of the sora no kiseki games, and the music is of course 10/10. I don't think falcom and XSEED could've done a better job here."
,Recommended,436670,31768491,Posted: 15 May,all,Dekudeku,"I just finished my New Game Nightmare run about an hour ago. Compared to how the previous game (Trails SC) handled Nightmare it's safe to say that I prefer the 3rd a whole lot! It's definitely closer to FC's Nightmare (hard but fair) than SC.If you're coming from FC and SC (which you should, and you should stop listening to random people telling you that it's fine to start playing the games starting with the 3rd - shame on you!) you should already know what you're getting: Generic yet polished story, fleshed out characters, and a few plot twists here and there. Combat system is ""same but better"" with the addition of few elements and characters being rebalanced for the better (Tita went from the previous games' ""Tita-nic"" to ""attack on Tita-n"").Soundtrack is the usual Falcom sound team that hits you with songs that range from atmospheric/eerie tune to eargasmic neoclassic metal. Remind me to buy the bloody OST's on Play Store since for some reason they cannot bring them on Steam.Oh, and if you're one of those who're trying to check the series (if it's for them etc.) start with the first game and stop reading reviews before they potentially get you spoiled.P.S. 1: Playthrough took me roughly 60-80 hours but I'm reading slowly (I always attempt to imagine how the characters say a phrase) so if you're a speed reader it'll take about 10-20 hours less. I also had to grind for 1 hour because I had the bright idea (heh, Bright) to cash in all my sepith at some point of the game.P.S. 2: Nightmare was relatively normal in difficulty for anyone who played more than 10 turn-based JRPG's. Some fights are the exception to that rule but the game itself lets you downgrade the difficulty specifically for those fights. For that matter, the 3rd offers the most accessible Nightmare difficulty of the trilogy. For some this might be a turn-off (if you were looking for something harder than the Nightmare difficulty of SC, for example) and I used to be *that guy* BUT changing my expectations was what made me enjoy the game for what it is."
,Recommended,436670,34196488,Posted: 12 August,all,Syouko,"Easily the weakest of the three chapters, but I did enjoy it nonetheless.  Adding guard, deathblow and vanish to the battle bonus effects makes you actually have to pay attention to them, but combat is otherwise a rehash of SC with higher numbers.  There are some new party members, but they don't bring anything new tactically.  Status effects are useless against most bosses, again, because they all resist everything.  Earth wall is still OP, and very few opponents will use it or Genesic Barrier.  Loewe's bark is still worse than his bite.  You get to fight some characters hyped up in previous games, but they're kind of pushovers.  I played on Normal mode and didn't have to grind at all so don't worry about your character levels.Dungeons are a pastiche of previously visited locations and lack the open world feel of the previous games; there are almost no NPCs except the party members not in your team, chillaxing at the End of Time, and very little in the way of character interaction outside of the scripted sequences which you view in the doors.I want to protect Renne's smile though. So there's that～⛥"
,Recommended,436670,31850593,Posted: 19 May,all,Cerzel,"Following on from SC's ending, 3rd is a backstory, side-story, and after-story all in one, with about half the game being the new main story following Kevin and crew being warped to an alternate reality, and half being the many doors showing various short stories taking place in the world. As such, this time around it's a far more personal story, and doesn't have the grand escalation of FC and SC, or the large world to explore and all the NPCs to talk to and see how they develop. But what it does do it does well, providing a satisfying resolution to many of the characters in Sky, while setting up some interesting plot points going ahead.Thankfully the combat is a little bit better this time thanks to some more creative enemies, but just like in SC it eventually all devolves into max guard spam. As always you'll have to put up with mediocre combat to get to the story, but as always, the story is absolutely worth it."
76561198050666569,Recommended,436670,32830454,Posted: 26 June,all,Ti-jo,"Great story but don't expect too much changes in the gameplay. There are few side games but that pretty much the only innovation.The playable characters and foes are almost all characters from the previous games.Actually I'm impress how they manage to reuse so much old stuff and still came out with an interesting story.To be honest, I would had appreciated a few voice acting at key moments.Hardcore fans of the series will be satisfied with this game, but I wouldn't recommend playing it before ending up the previous opus."
,Recommended,436670,31715261,Posted: 12 May,all,Jedisupersonic,"Trails In the Sky The 3rd, is fairly different from the previous two games, this time starring Kevin Graham, as he and a former childhood friend Ries get sucked into a strange world, dark secrets are revealed. Old friends are found, etc.The 3rd focuses more on dungeon crawling and pure character to character interactions instead of the series norm of huge expansive quests & tons of lovable NPCs, this is a potential turn off but its also a strength for those who prefer a more gameplay approach, the story isn't lacking, but is probably overall weaker than the two games before it, although not in Dark tones, 3rd has some really dark dark stuff so for those of you who like that. It'll be good for you.The music is spectacular as always and its great to see the amazing characters of Liberl once more.If you played FC & SC you owe it to yourself to play this one."
76561198117150787,Recommended,436670,31707753,Posted: 12 May,all,Calm Madness,"Let's be real. If you've played the previous two games, you've probably already bought this. If you haven't played the previous games: go do that first, they're fantastic. If you have and somehow haven't bought this title yet:It's absolutely worth it. The story is both an epilogue for the previous games and a setup for Zero and Cold Steel. While it retains the feeling of the previous two titles, while adding some dark themes of itself.I'm looking at you, star door 15There is, however, no towns to explore and npc's to endlessly talk to. This is a dungeon crawler with some very challenging boss encounters, high level cap and a great roster of playable characters.If you haven't picked this game up yet, I will greatly recommend doing so.Except if you haven't played the previous two. Then go do that."
,Recommended,436670,31817621,Posted: 18 May,all,Rhap,"Kevin and Ries make for an absolutely stellar pair of protagonists, the plot is gripping, the side stories are intriguing, the combat is satisfying. The gameplay is probably the best it has ever been.While it may seem like there's a lot more fighting and grinding than before, the game probably cuts down on the fighting you'll be doing because of everything being in one dungeon. The game basically boils kiseki down to its best elements in the tightest package possible. All the fluff is gone. I definitely wouldn't want every game in the series to be like this, but for what the game delivers it's the absolute best."
76561198057875952,Recommended,436670,31547598,Posted: 4 May,all,Lozange,"Ok, listen here. If you're reading this review you fall into one of two catagories.Either you've finished Trails in the sky, and Trails in the sky SC (second chapter), and thus are already in too deep with this series to stop now, requiring only the slightest nudge to play this one (Here it is: it's really good, go play it), or, you haven't finished those games, and are missing out, either due to stopping in the middle of chapter one of the first game for no good reason, or not owning the games to begin with.If the latter is you, do that, this game's a direct sequel, and whilst the gameplay *is* good, the characters and worldbuilding is really what people love about this series. But if you want to buy this game in advance I won't stop you.You got that? Good. DONE. REVIEW OVER....(If you're struggling with the slow paced nature of the game's combat, I hear that people. On the internet. May have a way of speeding up the game's combat with mods. Shh, don't tell anyone. Also, if you HATE old things and want somewhere else in the series to jump in, I promise the next Trails game to release on steam will be a better choice. Probably. But play Trails in the sky if you can, it's so good when you get into the swing of things!)"
76561198055075965,Recommended,436670,31875526,Posted: 20 May,all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"A great entry and conclusion to one of the best series I've played in a long time.  50 more hours, couldnt put it down.  Also loved the ending as it felt like a curtain call to all the characters made popular in FC and SC, while building up Kevin and Ries as well.I really don't need to mention much about gameplay as it is generally unchanged with the exception of a few tweaks that dont affect the game much.  Doors served as nice breaks in the action while filling in the blanks for the characters, but some did feel like they overstayed their welcome.I was amped when this game came out and it sure didnt disappoint.  Get the whole series seriously, its amazing!"
76561198115524144,Recommended,436670,33020033,Posted: 29 June,all,prudenceanne,Another great game to the series. This one was harder but very interesting for all the story lines especially the flashbacks for each character. Love geting to know each past member and what is the future may bring to them. Some of the side quests were difficult and needed extra skill to do them. Loved the trivia game on Trails- made you think back on each of the series. Looking forward to the next one. Would definitely recommend playing these games in order to understand the story.
,Recommended,436670,32942052,Posted: 28 June,all,OneWithEverything,Absolutely love it. The side story wraps up quite well and adds new hints for following Trails series.
76561198064054566,Recommended,436670,32784610,Posted: 25 June,all,bugfragged,Pros:-Nightmare mode has a gentler difficulty curve from start to finish-The recluse cube allows for fast travel-More stories to flesh out the cast-We can skip s-craft animationsCons:-No leaked exp-No cutscene skipping or retries for optional victory bosses in door battles-The boss rush doesn't allowing last minute configuration of the first 3 teams-C̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶s̶p̶e̶e̶d̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶n̶o̶n̶-̶s̶-̶c̶r̶a̶f̶t̶ ̶a̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶s̶Update: The current version has turbo mode both in and out of battle. This should make the series easier to get into.
76561198008778914,Recommended,436670,34113936,Posted: 8 August,all,Ser Kezian,So completed this after 40 hours. Really fantastic set of games. Can't recommend them enough.My one complaint after completing the 3rd game. I hope that if they do release a fourth one (surely they have too) that they have more areas than the Liberl region. It would be amazing to see more of the continent.
,Recommended,436670,31944686,Posted: 24 May,all,JudgeRAW00,"A fantastic end-cap to the Liberl saga in the Trails series, and adds a lot of context and set up to games that come after it set in Crossbell (not released in US yet) and Erebonia (Trails of Cold Steel on PS3/Vita and coming to PC this summer.) It also acts as an epilogue to the events in Trails in the Sky FC and SC as it brings back all your favorite characters, as well as a couple surprise guests. If you're a fan of old-school story-driven JRPGs in the vein of Lunar, SMT and Star Ocean then definitely check out this series. Don't start here because this game acts as a direct sequel to Trails in the Sky SC, you will want that context going into this game. But if you have played those games and want one final romp with your favorites like Estelle, Joshua, Olivier, Sherazard and others then this is for you.The story's primary focus is on a character introduced in Trails in the Sky SC, Kevin Graham, who is a leader of the Gralsritter. The Gralsritter is kind of the military arm of the Septium Church, it's very mysterious and playing as Kevin gives you some insight to the church and what all they're involved in. Along with Kevin you have a new character acting as a secondary protagonist, which is pretty standard for the series. Her name is Ries, Kevin's new squire in the Gralsritter, but also someone Kevin, of course, has some connection to. Kevin is investigating an ancient artifact and is transported to another realm. This is where the primary bits of the game takes place. It's a bit of a departure from Trails in the Sky FC and SC, since you're not gallivanting across the country. That said you are still able to visit familiar territory through the 'magic' of the realm you and your companions are trapped in, and you still have a lot of story and lore to keep you hooked. Anyone who is familiar with developer Falcom knows that the soundtracks in their games are top-notch, and Sky the 3rd is no exception. Of the Sky games it probably is my favorite soundtrack.The gameplay is pretty much the same as the previous Sky games, and you're quickly able to expand your repertoire of magic and apply different sorts of strategies. To my knowledge it has the largest roster of playable characters in the series to date. If you can think of any character that was even briefly playable in past games they're here to be used throughout the experience.Anyhow, if you are a fan of this universe like I am, or want to get into a JRPG series dripping with intrigue, world building, fully fleshed characters and interesting story then look no further than the Trails in the Sky trilogy, and be excited for when Trails of Cold Steel I & II make their way to PC later this year."
76561198018560281,Recommended,436670,31909335,Posted: 22 May,all,Drum_Slinger,"At first I did not like the setup and premise of this game. But after a while it grew on me and once the story really started kicking it up a notch I found myself thinking this gem to be one of the best in the series. The last 20 or so hours was truly a roller coaster of emotions that I have not felt from a video game in a long time or any form of medium for that matter. Oh and also the falcom JDK sound team really nailed it out of the park with the soundtrack in this one, for sure the best OST out of the Sky trilogy. Not much else to say other than........ ♥♥♥♥ MOON DOOR 3!!!!!!!!!!!! That is all.9/10 Great End To The Sky Series."
76561198328998230,Recommended,436670,33578023,Posted: 15 July,all,joshchingmiu3,"The 3rd and final game of the Sky Trilogy provides a wonderful conclusion and sendoff of the entire cast of characters throughout the Liberl arc.  For a gaiden-esque game that focuses on Kevin and Ries, these two main leads really grew on me just as much as Estelle and Joshua did in the previous two games.  Aside from having the best gameplay/battles out of all 3 games, the memory doors scattered throughout provide amazing backstories; some heartwarming, some with expanded lore of Zemuria, and some heartwrenching.  The final Star Door of the game was especially soul-crushing and brilliantly done in its method of conveying an important character's past, especially with the psychological factors involved.  The music for this game is truly amazing, and definitely my favorite ost out of all 3 games.  Falcom really outdid themselves with all these memorable pieces!This 3rd game's structure does differ in structure quite a bit compared to the previous two games, so it may not be everyone's cup of tea for having followed Estelle and Joshua's journey up to this point.  But hey, having finished both FC and SC, you might as well go all the way to play the trilogy towards its emotional conclusion!  I can safely say this final game delivers on many fronts and definitely won't dissapoint!  I thank Falcom for creating this series and XSeed Games for their unparalleled localization work in making this JRPG journey my all-time favorite and unforgettable one!"
,Recommended,436670,32794916,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,A joyous game that sends off the Sky story in style.
,Recommended,436670,33548229,Posted: 14 July,all,Caphall,Trails the 3rd is still pretty excellent. Just wanted to give it a thumbs up.
76561197970320868,Recommended,436670,31893367,Posted: 21 May,all,sizer99,"Yes, absolutely, if you've played the first two games you must play this one (if you haven't, start with the first one).Tons of text, flashbacks, and side stories - meet all your friends again, find out what happened with everyone and what Kevin's deal is.  You can really feel the love in the translation, and to get it at all is a dream.Unfortunately, after three games the combat is a bit tired (though some of the bosses are creative), and it's very grind heavy  - you need to grind for exp and septim and cash to survive the midbosses andyou have to level up 16 different characters - you can't ignore anyif you want to beat the final bosses.  SoI would suggest that you play it on easyeven if normally you wouldn't, unless you really really love the combat in the previous games and won't be tired of it after 60 hours."
,Recommended,436670,31595862,Posted: 6 May,all,GiggityMan,"The recommendation for this game falls on the edge of endorsement. There are a few caveats that must be considered when discussing Trails The Third. The first is that the game is very different from the first two in the series. The game is a much more linear and story focused experience compared to the first two entries. In fact, one might say the rewards in this game are purely story based. Given this fact, it is very difficult for players who have not, at minimum, played Second Chapter (SC) to fully appreciate and understand the context of what is ultimately rewarded to the player and the heart of this game, THE STORIES. Third takes place six months after SC and the majority of ""exploring"" in the game nets rewards that fill in gaps of what happens between SC and Third in addition to other lore-based aspects of the Trails universe and also establishes a solid lore foundation for fans who will invest (or have invested) in Trails of Cold Steel. Thus, if you are not already a fan of the Trails series, do not play RPGs for stories, or do not intend to play other Trails games, The Legend of Heroes The Third becomes a game I can not recommend. This game is clearly for the fans and for those who are, you're in for one hellava ride because the stories are oh so good!The previous point leads into the second caveat, the gameplay. The fighting and orbment mechanics are heavily derived from SC. An orbment that plays into the door mechanic (a story-and-lore-driven mechanic), a few new battle boons, some mini-games, and three new playable characters with some new skills are what are new, nothing else in terms of gameplay. In fact, if you've played SC, Third backtracks progress as saved data does not retain orbment slot upgrades on recurring characters. There are a slew of new monsters that appear in the game, but none do things that are drastically different from those seen in the first two Trails games. If you're looking for fresh ways to play this game coming from the first two, you're out of luck.Finally, I want to discuss the soundtrack, it's phenomenal. Falcom's music team does it again with tracks that cover the full range of emotions and fit the themes of the stories presented in game. It is simply one of the highlights of all Trails games and enhances the experience during the journey.With all these points, let's return to my recommendation. With Third being so linear and story driven with its mechanics being completely derived, the game becomes very difficult to recommend to newcomers to the Trails series, especially when First Chapter (FC) and SC are available on Steam. For the newcomers, I would strongly recommend playing through, AT MINIMUM, SC and gauging whether you take interest in the Trails universe enough to invest many hours watching stories that build upon it. For the fans, my recommendation is still lukewarm as the game strips away so much of what made the first two games great, but attempts to reconcile this by filling in lore (and not all of it interesting). Ultimately, The Third acts as a story and lore medium for fans of the Trails series and a stopgap for those who have not yet experienced the Trails of Cold Steel games. If this is good enough reason to buy the game, then go for it. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,436670,31542913,Posted: 4 May,all,panspans,Onion·Graham！
76561198041786243,Recommended,436670,31611256,Posted: 7 May,all,GODKA,"Trails in the sky series always hold special place in my heart. Even if people say that it has too many tropes, and story arc has been done to death... But this game proves that characters doesn't need to have dark past or original and creative background to be interesting; they just need to be human or feel like a human when they're sincerely talking their feelings. Trails in the sky series is about adventure, love, family, destiny, collision of ideology, fun, friendship, and vast and amazing world consist of interesting history. I'm a picky♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a lot of sass, but when I complement a game, I go all out and doesn't back out from my opinion. This game has one of the best written character developments. Literally every npc and story characters are written to be interesting and independent. This trilogy is nearly 300 hours long, and that's not including perfect achievement and finding all the character dialogues you can read. I don't care what you think about the gameplay and tropes, but this game has subtle and heart-warming stories and moments that even out-shines witcher series, and I think witcher series is one of the best game I have ever played! Falcom is the creator of Xanadu, Ys, Zuwai!, and Legend of heroes series. If you're JRPG fan, you know that means something. Xseed games doesn't hold anything back when it comes to making good translation either. Play FC SC and this last chapter of the trilogy; I highly recommend it to anyone in all ages."
76561198085767562,Recommended,436670,31780468,Posted: 15 May,all,brian.jaehyun.lee,"Not going to go into the combat/gameplay aspects because there's already way better reviews on them, so I'll just focus a bit on the story.First off: Do not enter this franchise here. Entering with Cold Steel I is one thing but at least you're starting with the beginning of an arc-starting here you'll be spoiling every major plot point in the previous two games, that you should play, so if you haven't completed them already then drop this and go FC-> SC-> The Third.Second: The actual story content *here*. People who complain that this has nothing to do with the rest of the Trails universe haven't been paying attention. If you've gone through all the Moon Doors, seen all the stories, you'll understand that this game lays out a smorgasbord of plot points for the next five games in this universe, and probably the next full arc in Calvard as well so another two or three there.In a more self-contained aspect this story wraps up Kevin's story arc, but it's real value lies in just the sheer amount of background information we're given. Ouroboros, the whole Erebonia situation, along with closing a bunch of dangling loose ends from Liberl.You really do need to play FC and SC to fully appreciate all the plot and story, Without them a ♥♥♥♥♥on of the material is probably going to go over your head and not make much sense due to lack of context.Addendum: While I did say I wouldn't be going into the gameplay, can't help but raise one point: This game isn't particularly grindy at all. Due to the way experience works you'll always be more or less properly levelled for whatever area you're in-trying to overlevel is a waste of time as the law of diminishing returns kicks in. Conversely, raising a dude from level 100 to 110 when the area you're in is rated for the latter is just two or three miniboss fights away. Simple and easy.I will admit that the constant reusing of assets along with the rather dull sections of places like the Jade Corridor (space background, platforms plus walkways) did get old. The backgrounds only really pick up in the endgame imo-the last two story dungeons ramp things up big time.I will also admit that there is a grind lategame for oodles and oodles of sepith so you can outfit your entire, stupidly massive 16-member party with the best gear-but in all honesty it's kind of unnecessary. You can easily make do with Lv. 4's plus the free quartz you get from chests, and on the last boss I went into it with several empty slots on some of my characters without any real trouble.Nightmare difficulty is another story, but there's a trick there as well and if you're expecting the hardest game setting to be a cakewalk you need to reexamine your head."
76561198065036336,Recommended,436670,31540297,Posted: 4 May,all,aeaeaa,"The music,the freedom of building a character,the story is unrivalled even when compared to todays RPGs."
76561198093040150,Recommended,436670,31769295,Posted: 15 May,all,skinkken,+++++
76561198098563372,Recommended,436670,31798448,Posted: 16 May,all,c_keener,Amazing game for Trails fans!
76561198069339880,Recommended,436670,33992538,Posted: 3 August,all,Arbiter515,"Here we are at the end of the sky trilogy. Set 6 months after the conclusion of second chapter, we follow the adventures of mysterious priest Kevin Graham and his new partner as well as childhood friend Ries Argent. A routine mission for the septian church quickly evolves into an unexpected adventure where the past of the sky cast is laid out for all to see. Alright now, the 3rd is a tad different from the Trails games that came before it. Trading out the sprawling npc filled world of Liberl for dungeon crawling Phantasma. As first I wasn't sure about this change in design, but where the 3rd shines is character & gameplay. The entire sky cast returns along with some new faces for one last adventure, featuring a whopping 16 playable characters. The 3rd's narrative is very focused on Kevin, Ries and their connection to the main conflict, but everyone has their moment in the sun. Scattered throughout Phantasma are various doors which flesh out the characters, world, and foreshadow events in future Trails games. Every character has at least one door dedicated to them and they also provide in game rewards should you decide to pursue them, they are completely optional. Now it goes without saying that as a 3rd entry, that you should play the other 2 games before touching this one. As the characters are the heart of Sky as well as this game. While the events of this game lead into the Crossbell arc, you do not need to touch this game to understand cold steel. Aside from a reference or two. Still I recommend the heck out of this game. Trails in the Sky is a great trilogy and I'm grateful for the memories it has given me and many others. I say if it suits your tastes check it out."
,Recommended,436670,32216454,Posted: 6 June,all,Velcrosasquatch™,"This game is probably going to be the most divisive in the trilogy and for a fair enough reason. I give credit for The Third for swapping the of main characters to tell a more unique story from the other 2 games. As with all the games the characters are good and memorable but the story in my opinion is the weakest in the trilogy.That's not to say there isn't lore and a good background for it all, because there is, but the fact that most the core game is just this bizzare sceneario involving a what is essentially a dungeonthat mimics the real world and has some rules about the characters dreams/expectationsjust leaves me wishing for something a bit more grounded inZemuria.That aside: gameplay is at some of it's best here for the most part. You can fast travel to all parts of the game for most of it. There's a great selection of characters to make use of. Extensive party management, fair amount of areas to explore with numerous side objectives containing backstories, lore, and mini-games. The game also ups the challenge more than before with a lot of the challenge from with character management and use.All considered I'd recommend The Third to most players of Trails in the Sky. I would just forewarn that the game is a bit different than the previous titles. The focus isn't exactly on Estelle and Joshua,though they are still prominently in the game. And while it's not the best send of a series ever had it does have more going for it than most games do and certainly adds to the series rather than detracting. If you haven't played a Trails game, start at FC & SC and work your way here."
,Recommended,436670,32657293,Posted: 22 June,all,ilintar,"The third installment in the Trails in the Sky series, not a direct sequel though. A slightly different type of game - more of a dungeon crawler with extensive backstory elements than an open-world RPG like the first two parts. Nevertheless, it being a dungeon crawler does not mean it lacks on the story or character development. However, you really need to have finished the first two parts - otherwise, the entire story (and thus the whole game) will not make much sense to you. I would say that this is a must-play for anyone who enjoyed the Trails in the Sky duology - the character development is something that you should not miss."
76561198257258420,Recommended,436670,31961025,Posted: 25 May,all,black fang,"I love it, too bad there isn't a 4th one coming. I got a good idea if they are making one, it shuld be based on the other 11 knight of the church (spoiler: kevin is the 5th knight). The only part of this is not good is it's hard to get mira but it makes it challeging, thgat's kind of fun. I also hope the trails of cold steel 1 & 2 and trails of zero will be release in english version on steam too. persoanlly i'm a really big fan on the trail of the sky and legend of heroes series. Also, normally when you ""continue"" your profile after beating a ame, you keep everything if you choose so, not here, all your gem and orbment will be destory but you'll still keep the septium."
76561198124202037,Recommended,436670,31534405,Posted: 3 May,all,shayh315,"Everything I liked about the first two games is back and just as good. Combat is a little more difficult in the 3rd. I am playing normal mode just like I did in the first two games and I noticed you have to think a little more before you act. Not quite as open as the first two games, but it expands on the story after the second game for some characters thru memories and some characters it gives a back story. But so far I still love it. It does have a little bit of a different feel to it, but I am still just as addicted with this game as I was with the first two games. Beautiful music, awesome story, addictive gameplay, great characters what's not to love. I highly recommend this game as well as this series in general."
,Recommended,436670,31533991,Posted: 3 May,all,blueasian,I love this game. It's my 2nd favourite overall in the series and my favourite of the Sky trilogy.
,Recommended,436670,31538806,Posted: 4 May,all,Fahri Hamzah,"Love the 1st and 2nd series, gonnafinish this one ASAP before Cold Steel comes to steam ^_^"
76561198000822199,Recommended,436670,31537889,Posted: 4 May,all,Squirrel-shaped fish,Buy itAfter you play the first two
76561198066201224,Recommended,436670,31572851,Posted: 5 May,all,"Ditto, the prositute pokemon","There is a missing piece of text that wasn't translated from japanese. During Scherezard's first door, in the last fight of the side quest, the gentleman buffs the enemies in japanese."
,Recommended,436670,32178940,Posted: 4 June,all,Grognakh,"If you played and enjoyed the first two chapters, it's a no brainer you'll love this one too."
,Recommended,436670,31618506,Posted: 7 May,all,Halfwar,"If you've liked the first two games, chances are you will like this game as well..."
76561197979928285,Not Recommended,436670,32166006,Posted: 3 June,all,ShadyPenguins,"If you haven't played any of the Trails in the Sky games, don't start here.  Play the first and second chapter first, since the characters and the world are introduced in those two games.  The third chapter is just an extension of the previous two, it can't stand by itself.If you've made it through the previous two games, then you're probably going to pick this up regardless of any review.  But, if you know what you're in for, you might not be so disappointed with your purchase.By itself, the third chapter isn't a terrible game, but after playing the first two games, it'll sure feel like it.  The first and second chapters had tons of story, an entire country to explore and countless people to meet.  Unfortunately, you'll find none of that here.  The third chapter has two parts to it:  A generic dungeon crawler, which forms the game play and a series of side stories about some of the characters we've previously met.The dungeon crawler part is pretty generic.  No town, just a menu to buy, sell and heal at.  No NPCs to meet and talk to.  It's a one way maze from the very beginning to the very last boss.  The only ""feature"" that it offers over games from the '90s is that you can warp to points scattered throughout the dungeon.  So, fortunately, you won't have to traverse the entire dungeon every time.  The battle system is pretty much the same as the previous two games.  You'll have access to a few new quartz and spells, and there's a couple new turn-based bonuses--all of which annoyed me more than helped.  The world is now centered around a handful of dungeons.  Some of these are places we've seen before, such as Le Locke.  All of the new dungeons look like they belong in a Neptunia/Fairy Fencer game.  They consist of nothing more than a path and an unrelated background--no walls, no ground clutter.  You still get into fights by running into monsters, but they've been drastically spread out now.  This makes even trying to grind levels annoying, since there will only be a handful of monsters in an area, and they're usually nowhere near the zone edges.  The one bright spot to the gameplay is that you'll get access to the majority of characters that we've used in the previous games. It's an ok dungeon crawler, but nothing great.The big draw here will be the side stories.  Most of the characters that we know and love get at least a cameo.  The more popular characters got long detailed stories.  Some of them detail the character's backstory, while others show what happened after the second chapter.  These are generally accessed by bringing the relevant character to a door in the dungeon.  However, Kevin's story is broken up and told in between the ""chapters"" of the dungeon.  Many of these are interesting; they're of varying lengths, the first one you get is extremely long (at least 30 mins), but many of them are around 5 mins.One last point is that the third chapter made it clear just how much the first two games revolved around Estelle.  It felt like all of the characters, however minor, had some backstory and personality.  However, once Estelle and her desire to badger anyone and everyone was gone, the characters just felt flat.  They seemed to lack any real personality, even during some of the side stories, but completely so for the dungeon crawling part.  It felt as though many of the characters were only three-dimensional from Estelle's perspective, but once you see them from someone else's angle, they're just a facade.Overall, I enjoyed the side stories that you get with this game, and if it had been sold as just the set of side stories, for half the price, I would have loved it.  But everything is gated by the dungeon crawler, and it's just not that fun or interesting.  So, if you've already played the first two chapters and still want to know more about the characters, then pick this up on a sale.  Just know that you'll have to wade through a dungeon crawler to see the stories."
,Recommended,436670,31578660,Posted: 6 May,all,atlans89,Do it for Crossbell arc!!!
,Recommended,436670,31717101,Posted: 12 May,all,Crazedwoodsman,If Jesus was to send a video game before his return it would be this...what more is there to say?!?!?!?!?
,Recommended,436670,31678366,Posted: 10 May,all,Thoraxes,"Phenomenal game that helps set up nearly the rest of the series through an engaging main story and series of vignettes about all the characters you love. It was absolutely wonderful to come back to this big family for one last romp together.While this game requires knowledge of the previous two games to make the most of it, the main story in this title is self-contained from the overarching main story of the first two Sky games. It's a game that gives you much more insight into those characters you've come to love over the past ~120 hours or so, and gives some awesome views into their lives after the events of the first two games, and awesome views as to where their lives are going to go even after that. The end of the game was so good that I even found myself emotional and in tears from the events that take place. The music is absolutely phenomenal, too.This game is essentially a super condensed version of the formula from the first two games, with basically all meat, no potatoes. It expects you to have played the first two games regarding the gameplay elements, and has no problem just throwing you into the action assuming you know as much.The gameplay setup really plays around with multiple party layouts, and encourages experiementation in a postive way. It was fun switching between characters that were my favorites, or ones I never got to play with in the previous titles. Couple that with ocassional unique dialogue for different characters and cutscenes depending on who you bring with, and you have a game that everyone has a little bit of a different experience with. It's a solid game built on some strong fundamentals, and by the end they really challenge you to make the most of everyone, which was very cool.I hope everyone can give all the titles in this series a shot (as well as the soon-to-come to PC Cold Steel games), as it's very dear series to me, and will give you back as much as you put into it, with satisfying payoffs everywhere that take the time to properly develop into something special. Plus, the more of us that buy these games, the greater the chance we'll one day get to see the entire series fully localized into English. I honestly can't think of a series more deserving of more eyeballs than this one.There's a reason people who play these games are so ferverent about the characters, stories, NPCs (yes, you heard right) politics, mysteries, world setting, and general lore. You should really give them a shot, then come discuss the games with those of us who are absolutely in love with the series. It's always a blast."
76561198201320493,Recommended,436670,31680629,Posted: 11 May,all,pkucek85,"If you have finished the previous 2 games, you will enjoy it. Nothing else to add, it complements the trilogy and gives you more time with your favourite characters as well as something to do before the release of Cold Steel 3, which I am hoping will also be translated. I am a big fan of the Legend of Heroes series, hopefully it sells well and receive the well deserved recognition worldwide."
,Recommended,436670,31530823,Posted: 3 May,all,Eggychan,Eeeeee! I'm so excited that this game finally released! I'm in love already! Thank you so much Brittany and the rest of the localization team for your dedication and commitment to this game! I can feel the love in it already :D!
76561198146542448,Recommended,436670,35182088,Posted: 24 September,all,DingDong,Dear XSEED please kindly to translate Zero and Ao no Kiseki...
,Recommended,436670,31538884,Posted: 4 May,all,IT_$h1n,Did you like FC and SC? If yes buy It now to support this awesome saga and XSEED.
76561198019031409,Recommended,436670,31535739,Posted: 3 May,all,Erasmus,"One of the greatest rpg series of all time, and this entry doesn't dissapoint.  A fantastic spin off that wraps up the Liberl story arc and sets up the arcs in the Cold Steel trilogy and the yet to be localized azure zero duology."
,Recommended,436670,31545123,Posted: 4 May,all,sweet🍀dill,What a time to be alive!
,Recommended,436670,31572343,Posted: 5 May,all,Soulful100,Started crying when the menu song played
76561198062777845,Recommended,436670,31572498,Posted: 5 May,all,愛 Little Vampire-,Completed FC and SC and FINALLY ITS TIME FOR 3rd!!!!! HYPE IS REAL
76561198057752910,Recommended,436670,31581733,Posted: 6 May,all,laozhuge,"A great game and a fun final installment in the Trails in the Sky series. Note that the game is much more difficult than the others--play on Easy unless you like struggling with the fights. Also, it feels a lot more like a dungeon crawler than the others, but it still works out well."
,Recommended,436670,34652596,Posted: 31 August,all,Blubber,ESTELLE STRONG
76561198079077557,Recommended,436670,34709650,Posted: 3 September,all,literally retarded,It's good.
,Recommended,436670,32122232,Posted: 1 June,all,sithy,Star Door 15. That's all there needs to be said.
76561198031078104,Recommended,436670,31658913,Posted: 9 May,all,JeWy85,"I found some minor bug of the gameBug issue:""During game play I have sound effect and during fight I have bot sound effect and voice then a few fight later all sound effect and voice cannot be heard any more to fix that after fight I have to save and restart game to fix it then a few fight later it happen again""P.S. ""this bug not affect any of game play experience""Over all it just a little annoying bug but it doesn't affect any game play and BGM still there.Tita is so cuteeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
76561198027437708,Recommended,436670,33353187,Posted: 7 July,all,Huro,Hi There seeing as this is the only place i can say something I will even it is not a review.But I am at the point where something has to be said after muiltple loads and reloads I found that when you do the Jack Gambaler story every time you hold at 16 the girl gets 20 and 21 all the time or if you hold at 15 she gets 16- 18 every time if you hoold at 17 she gets 21 with more offten then not but if you hold at 18 she bustes same if you hold at 19 but if you hold at 20 she gets 20 and draws it so yeah I say fix that cause if after 20 loads and reloads I get the same resault I say something up.But dispite that if you ignor that story the game is Great awsome work.  But please do fix what was stated above.
,Recommended,436670,32185873,Posted: 4 June,all,a sated bird that looks to the f,Cool game
,Recommended,436670,32234395,Posted: 7 June,all,The Colonel,10/10 the best sky gametrails fc and sc were both very great. this is better. please buy this if you have played the first two because it is perfect
,Recommended,436670,32168943,Posted: 3 June,all,TheMountMaster,"Another fantastic installment in The Legend of Heroes series.The third chapter in the Trails of the Sky arc.  It takes on a darker theme, having Kevin Graham as the main protagonist.  If you enjoyed the first two chapters then you will definitely love this final chapter as well."
76561198084093290,Recommended,436670,32274868,Posted: 8 June,all,RussianZombie98,"Utterly phantastic (you'll understand once you play) if you haven't played the first two of these games, go and do that!!!! nothing in this game will have even half of the impact if you don't finish the first two. Bosses are bigger and badder than ever, crafts are terrifying, unfortunately orbal arts get a bit of the short end of the stick here, and playtime for one playthrough is shorter than I expected it to be. Still, easily one of the best games of all time"
76561198049947727,Recommended,436670,32228455,Posted: 6 June,all,familyplayer,"Reused assests, character development, and setup the video game.The last game in the Sky arc of the Trails series. Warning of note however, this game is very weird in comparison to the other two games. The easiest comparison is to a dungeon crawler of sorts. That doesn't mean, however, that the story is not a large point in this installment. However, much of it is setup for the next arc of games (Zero no Kiseki and Ao no Kiseki which are currently not localized). The other big part is focusing on everybody's favorite party member (in personaility and in usefullness of his S-craft for Nightmare difficulty), Kevin. Estelle and Joshua are in this game, but they aren't the MCs like in the other games. This allows Kevin to get some much needed (and quite excellent) character development that makes you love him even more. Battle hasn't been changed much, but the few new additions (i.e. the 2 new op party members that I won't spoil) are much welcomed and enjoyed.TL;DR This game is a wonderful conclusion to the Sky arc and I hope that Xseed will localize Zero and Ao soom."
,Recommended,436670,31533302,Posted: 3 May,all,cfalcon,The game starts out with our hero Father Kevin in a clever disguise on a fancy airliner to recover an ancient artifact and arrest the thief of said artifact. It's like James Bond is a priest and the protagonist of a JRPG.
,Recommended,436670,34471126,Posted: 24 August,all,veeshadow,"If you know me from Youtube and any medias you will know that I mostly review games from its gameplay. I DO care about story and characters but gameplay and replay values are video game cores. If you're hardcore to story then you should read novels and if you're hardcore to voice actors then watch animes or dramas..I can say that 3rd is the best gameplay design in whole Trails/Kiseki series, at least the one that released in English (one can argue Zero/Ao are better). Many people dislike the dungeon crawler design for this game structure that unique to other games in whole series but there are things to consider from Falcom to design future games for this series:- Memory doors are actually one of good sidequests that It's not MISSABLE until final dungeon.- The dungeons do not contain trash puzzles or tedious things to do.. Oh and it's not random generated in case people don't realize..- Mini games are not trash despite some of them can troll you...Now the challenge is how to apply that on OPEN WORLD system? As much as people like the structures of FC for other games you can't deny the flaws of this series: Missables, Tedious Tasks,and Mini games. The 3rd for some reason can minimize those flaws under dungeon crawler structure, even compared to say SMT/Persona games....The real secret of gameplay is how battle system turned fun with 16 playable characters to test your creativity. Returning characters get upgraded and new playable characters are *broken*. Even Josette can be viable (people just hate her and don't know how to build her). Nightmare Mode is not easy but also can be piece of cake once you figure out what to do or manipulating what enemies do. Still it's best Nightmare Mode to play compared to FC, SC, and Cold Steel to date, although in most time thanks to Kevin being MC you can have emergency Grail Spheres saving your live hundred times..Lastly, with Sara added turbo mode it adds replayability in fast way and I like it..Overall, I won't deny it if you're not get satisfied with the story even though it will help you to play Crossbell arc and getting reference on Cold Steel arc. Still I like how Falcom can design the game more simple and for some reasons minimize the flaws that existed for the series...."
,Recommended,436670,31554942,Posted: 5 May,all,Nero,My fav JRPG with rich characters and world building
76561198007515376,Recommended,436670,31696477,Posted: 11 May,all,MasterOdric,"Pretty good game overall, if you were expecting a fitting end for the Trails in the Sky trilogy then you'll pretty sad I'm afraid. This was much more a of side story then a continuation. Weird freeze glitches, some side quests are left untraslated where the Japenese text is left in instead of English, and some of the characters along with their stories feel rather hamfisted included compared to others."
76561198312376613,Recommended,436670,31690996,Posted: 11 May,all,evagorn123,"It's very rare for me to write reviews for video games, but since this is a series I love and a recent game I figure this will be relevant.I have played through all three Trails in the Sky games now and I absolutely love this series. However, much as I love it, I cannot overlook the glaring difference between Trails in the Sky the 3rd and its previous companions in this wonderful franchise.Right off the bat, let me say that Trails in the Sky the 3rd is VERY different from the first two games in terms of setting. None of the game takes place in Liberl or any location we've grown familiar with throughout the series, at least not actually. Instead, the entire game takes place in a fantasy reality called Phatasma. I don't consider this a spoiler, since players really should learn what they're getting into before diving in.Basically in Phantasma, anything goes as far as Planes you visit, and places from the previous games do make appearances, albeit in slightly altered versions. Since Phantasma is a kind of alternate dimension, this allows you to finally have a warp feature to get from place to place instantly, a useful tool indeed.HOWEVER, this also means that none of the richness and depth of the previous games is here, since Phantasma has no NPC's that aren't there strictly to be fought or to serve as brief exposition, and there are no zone that aren't strictly monster filled dungeons.There are doors - Star, Moon, and Sun Doors - which give you access to little vignettes that explore different aspects of the world, as well as plot threads related to the various characters who join your party (and it's the biggest roster yet, following the pattern of the previous game). Yet these doors offer little compared to the depth of narrative of the previous games, and have no real effect upon the action going on in Phatasma. They are literally one off mini-sodes within the game that change nothing about the larger story, which is sad since they're the only thing to do besides follow the main course along to the end. I was really missing Bracer requests by the end.*MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD*Since Phantasma is also a fictional world, that means there are no limits to who can show up. And boy do they show up. As I mentioned, this game has the largest cast of party members yet, all of whom you will recognize from previous games. Some of this is really cool, but it doesn't stop there. Other characters continue to show up, particularly near the end of the game, creating special boss battles that would be impossible in any normal setting. Part of me thought this was cool, but it also felt a little childish. It's almost like Trails 3 is ""Trails in the Sky Fan Fiction the Game"". Just don't be surprised when another familiar faces comes along to challenge you. They're all there. ALL OF THEM.TL;DR The game's basic mechanics are as solid as ever, without adding anything major to the formula. The music is as epic and stirring as always, and the game is still quite fun. It's just not as detailed or interesting as the previous two games, and I found the new protagonists, Kevin and Reis, a lackluster substitute for Estelle and Joshua. For fans who have come this far, there's probably no reason not to get it. Just don't expect another one like the first two games."
,Recommended,436670,31591634,Posted: 6 May,all,Han Joon Gi,I hold in my hand a chalice of heaven.. May its holiest light act as our shield!
,Recommended,436670,31535909,Posted: 3 May,all,Joker's Creed,One of my favorite series sad it;s the final install of the trails in the sky arc tho :(
,Recommended,436670,31535966,Posted: 3 May,all,kupon3ss,Probably the best the series has been mechanically while presenting a lot of side content to flesh out the world
76561198257696182,Recommended,436670,32184096,Posted: 4 June,all,acslacker,"I recommend this game because the Trails series is one of the best I've played in a while.  I can't wait for more Xseed goodness in these Legend of Heroes ports.In the third installment, all of the characters we know and love... or hate...  are back for another adventure.  The combat system we know well is back with a few additions. However, this one is easily the worst of the three.  The first two installments built off of the foundation of Liberl and its surroundings; an immersive and interesting place, which paved the way for amazing plots and character interaction.  The third game is one large dungeon that feels completely disconnected from Liberl.  The attempted connections made feel forced to me, which are the following: the dungeon taking on the appearance of previous places and magical doors that reveal bits and pieces of what happened to the characters post SC.Quite honestly, I believe this installment could have been so much more.  The one large dungeon approach is lacking in creativity.  The magical door thing is truly a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way of throwing the fan base a bone.  I paid nearly full price for this game based solely on the standard set by 1 & 2, and really, I give the finger to the creators for a merely ""good"" finish to what could have been the most epic RPG series ever."
,Recommended,436670,34525916,Posted: 27 August,all,uncle assads barrel bombs,its good
76561198385802631,Recommended,436670,31529394,Posted: 3 May,all,zaneomega2,"It's finally here! Thank you XSeed and Falcom, love to play these game and glad to support the series!"
76561198081444617,Recommended,436670,31531192,Posted: 3 May,all,Phraq,Just play and you will find out what all the fuss is about :)
,Recommended,436670,34543289,Posted: 27 August,all,Mashi Ro,Recommended
76561198020798482,Not Recommended,436670,32105755,Posted: 1 June,all,Azerate,"One of the best jrpg games currently on steam. Others have written great long reviews about the game, and I fully agree. The only modern jrpg franchise that competes with trails on steam right now is probably Neptune/Neptunia. Consider this review a criticism of the port, and not the game itself. I would say ""buy it so we can get better ports in the future"" but I already bought FC and SC...and I got this now. It doesn't seem to work that way.The port is unfortunately where things stop being so great. At the time of writing this review we are like 3 weeks from the launch and there are still major bugs and errors in the game, some of them are being reported for weeks and they still aren't fixed.Probably the worst thing is the broken NG+ option. The problem is that a cutscene that destroys all your quartz (power gems used to boost character's stats and give them magic) also destroys all of them in the NG+, which is not what should happen. And yes, they should carry over as this is what happens in the original version of the game.And this is a big problem. There are rare quartz in the game that you only get 1 per playthrough, NG+ might be used to gather more of these in order to attempt harder difficulties later on. At this moment, the only way to fix this is to tamper with the save file on your own (for example by using cheating software) which is definitely not something acceptable in a product you paid for.Another issue, which will be less important to some and more important to others are the achievements. Some of them, namely the ones for beating the game, are broken for NG+ too. So unfortunately, you will have to settle for feeling good about yourself because you're not gonna get this hard/nightmare achievement for beating the game on NG+.The game also experiences some visual/resolution glitches as well as localization (translation) problems. Resolution/display options keep reverting to defaults or changing to different resolutions for uknown reasons. The interface in the game keeps glitching out visually too.I love this game but really.... if you're gonna sell it for 30 Euro, make sure it works before releasing it.I would recommend waiting with purchase until you can at least play NG+ without using save editing software"
76561198051554076,Recommended,436670,31530269,Posted: 3 May,all,TaxiFareMeter,It's finally out!
76561198013527563,Recommended,436670,31528533,Posted: 3 May,all,dolmaKALEM,A Trails in the Sky game can't be bad. Pretty simple logic.
76561198067888012,Recommended,436670,31528083,Posted: 3 May,all,Caged_Hercules,"10/10 before playing because Falcom. Please do the Crossbell Arc, XSEED!"
,Not Recommended,436670,34318067,Posted: 17 August,all,T4l0n,"This is a dungeon crawler, remember the big world to explore and get immersed of the previous games ? Gone.As much as i liked the two previous games i can't finish this. Without any major spoilers after the prologue you end up in a big dungeon and this is the game, you can't go back and explore the world or talk to any npc except in some flashbacks. If you like the genre you will probably enjoy this but if you finished 1 and 2 and you're excited to come back to Liberl and see the story unfold you may be in for a bad surprise.To be honest i have to say that the already great combat system has been improved even more, now you also have time, space and miracle strenght/weakness together with the other elements, there are more attack mutations and overall it's just more polished.But all the environments are really cheap copy/paste of old locations, the level design is really simple without any interconnections or puzzle of any sort, there isn't much of secret content and the blandness together with the lack of incentive of exploration makes the ""journey"" really boring.The story is dwarfed by the complexity and depth of previous games.I think this should have been more of a spin-off that a proper 3rd chapter."
,Not Recommended,436670,32549100,Posted: 18 June,all,Kasoi,"After the first and the second one I consider this a waste of time.it's about quarter the size of previous games with no new content worth mentioning. It tells its own somewhat-related to the previous games story, there are bunch of very simply designed new locations, there are new animations for heroes…There would be little I missed if I have stopped playing after the second chapter."
,Not Recommended,436670,34913906,Posted: 12 September,all,turtlelore2,"This game is really meant to tie up the stories and characters from the previous games, while focusing a little more on Kevin Graham and Ries Argent. Honestly, this doesnt compare to any of the other two games in any way.Mechanics are exactly the same except for a new chain art which is completely unecessary and more novelty than anything. The main story is very sparce and you literally get miniscule crumbs until about 3/4 of the way through where the MCs actually start talking about their past. The logic of the ""new world"" that is the whole game makes absolutely no sense and is completely different to the logic in their ""real world"". The main path is completely linear, with the side stuff just simply flashbacks regarding certain characters. That concept is nice and all, but it's unecessary, all novelty, add tiny pinches of extra character, and literally doubles the play time.The stakes of the final boss and ultimate quest seem very small compared to the other two games, mostly because you never really see the effects of what will happen to the real world should your party fail.The maps and locations are mostly taken from the other two games with minor tweaks to their layout, mostly with no change whatsoever. Music is also mostly the same, with i think only 2 new tracks (which are still really good like the rest of the soundtrack). The main path is actually so straightforward that you know, and the characters in the game know, exactly of what's gonna happen at which specific point, even up until the very end.In the end, this game does what it's originally intended to do, to provide slight closure to the characters in the other two games while expanding the story of Kevin Graham. However, as a Trails in the Sky game, this entire game is completely unecessary since the second game ended pretty cleanly. In the end, I cannot recommend this game mainly because at least half of it is really just a gimmick telling tiny bits of story that happened right after the second game."
,Not Recommended,436670,31735724,Posted: 13 May,all,Dark,"Being that this is the 3rd game in this ""series"", I cannot in good conscience recommend this game. tl;dr, it's vapid, grindy, dungeon-cralwer, recycled, and overall meaningless to the Trails universe as a whole.I had this same issue with Second Chapter (SC) as well, and it's not improved in this game whatsoever: Overuse of recycled assets and environments. At least 90% of this game, if not more, consists of the exact same environments, locales, assets, art, effects, voices, sprites, menus, you name it. It's all the exact same as FC and SC. No work to improve or change anything at all, which when you're working with such a small place like Liberl, a 3rd romp through it is too much.To make matters worse, this 3rd game is essentially just a dungeon-crawler. The entire game is 1 giant EX dungeon from start to finish with no way out and no ""world"" to speak of. You'll spend almost your entire time progressing through this dungeon and grinding, given that you are trapped in it for reasons I won't go into detail here. There are none of the refreshing, world-building interactions and exploration that make other Falcom games so attractive and worthwhile, because there is no world, only the dungeon. It's a very poorly thought out decision from Falcom to make a 3rd game in this series and then construct it in this way that is in stark opposition to the well-detailed and written RPG's they are known for.If you think this game serves much plot purpose for the Trails series as a whole, like all the other entries in the series do, you won't find much here. This game's plot is just for the protagonist's, Kevin's, sake. It only has meaning to him, for him, and not much else. Instead the developers opted to pad this game with fluff through optional side-stories for each of the Sky characters, to tell you a little more about each of them at some point or another. This is really the only thing I can say you should expect to gain out of this game, and come for if you're that into the entire cast: A little more ""epilogue"" side-story for each character after SC. You may find a little bit of lore explanation here for certain organizations or terms sprinkled throughout the side stories, but the execution and delivery of these within the context of this game's overall design leaves much to be desired, and begs the question if this is worth slogging through for the small tidbits of additional lore that can be found elsewhere.There's nothing to really say about the grindy combat. Most of the game is spent in combat, it's the same combat as FC and SC, you have to start all over again with gear and quartz and slots and sepith like usual. The only thing I'll add to this, is that very quickly you'll be overwhelmed with the available cast of characters availble to you to use, some 20+ characters or so, and at various points in the game you'll have to make multiple parties with them and progress through areas simultaneously with these groups.There's a lot of juggling of party compositions, and the one complaint I will make here is that they do not give you a proper solution to build and level the myriad cast they throw your way. Only the 4 members in your current party gain experience, and when you have such an enormous cast to choose from, and the game throws several sections where you need to make use of 8, 12, even 16 members at once, the grind rears its ugly head again and you spend hours wastefully grinding all these characters up for whatever the next chapter's challenge is.With that all said, I reitterate that I cannot recommend this game to anyone short of an extremely hardcore Trails player who just wants to play more of the exact same, recycled content from FC and SC."
,Not Recommended,436670,33887434,Posted: 29 July,all,Vladkins,"4/10 - Could not draw me in and I loved the first two games++ Impressive opening graphics+ Story picks up after the first two chapters+ Great artwork, gameplay-- Opening is slow, uninteresting-- An hour long cutscene after the first play section killed all of my interest-- Game presumes I will be interested in whatever is being presented no matter what it throws at me- Opening the first character door pulled me into watching that girl's backstory cutscene without warning without ability to skip- Developers should focus on maintaining of making the game be able to stand on its own"
76561197991085701,Not Recommended,436670,31608381,Posted: 7 May,all,Ferden,"Very dissapointed.After the first two trails in the sky, I was hooked. I wanted more of the story, more of the game. I needed it. When I learned that the 3rd installment was being made for steam, I was ecstatic. may 3rd came and I bought the game, installed, and played.It starts out good. great premise. Then it quickly devolved into what I can only explain as a failure.There is no world map. There is no exploring.There is just one long dungeon, with the characters feeling their way through the entirity of the unknown. You unlock characters by traversing this one dungeon. There are doors you can open for characters that continue the story with a 20 minute reading session. Then it's back to the dungeon.This isn't an rpg. it's a visual novel with little rhetoric. Just a grind to find out what happens next, with nothing truly engaging to push your motivation.Incredible dissapointment for what should of been an amazing game."
76561198044569133,Recommended,436670,31964976,Posted: 25 May,all,Silfan,"A must play for any JRPG lover.I love the story for its charming characters and more mature theme. At the surface, you will get basic JRPG adventures with some humors, but the underlying background and some of the side stories are really dark, which bring out different sides of the game . These things really excite me because it creates depth and complexity to the story and the series in a very compelling way. Often JRPG story can be rather one dimensional with focus either only on saving the world, or for some a dark more mature background, but everything in the game world is dark with not much variation. Falcom successfully writes mature theme without them feeling forced or making it seems like the game is preaching at you.The music in this game are quite ok. Some of the tracks are really good (Cradle Where Feelings Rest, Overdosing Heavenly Bliss), but for the most part they are kinda usual JRPG standard. I will say the music really fits the scenes and enhance the mood very well.I guess the battle is quite good. Battle system is simple as per previous two entries in the series, but in this game you have more characters and some new crafts, arts and battle reel bonus to take advantage of. I'm not a very big fan of the battle system, but it serves what it is supposed to do and it does have some depths, since you have several options to exploit the system."
76561198349294957,Recommended,436670,32023516,Posted: 28 May,all,kevinhanandi,"Awesome game (well the story and soundtrack is without question one of the best aspect), and it ties some knot (storywise) if you have play those 2 previous games, and it has some challenging boss"
,Recommended,436670,32024376,Posted: 28 May,all,mothmanex,Excellent game. Might be my favorite of the LoH series.
76561198132371513,Recommended,436670,31936403,Posted: 24 May,all,ⓜⓔⓢⓢⓘⓐⓗツ,The best entry in the Sora no Kiseki series. This game made an outstanding closure for the aforementioned trilogy and meticulously created a great opening for the next trails games.
76561198014645898,Recommended,436670,31861417,Posted: 20 May,all,Monkey.D..Laughing,"A Love Letter to fans of the series!With the main story in Liberl coming to a close in SC, the 3rd picks up few months after the main event of SC, This time, the main character is no longer Estelle, but the cheeky and rather charming Kevin Graham. Kevin was a mysterious character in SC, and truth to be told, I was a bit apprehensive with him being a main character. However, all the concerns were unfounded as Falcom once again exhibits their talent in character development - Spoiler: Kevin is a great, complex character.Combat in 3rd is a direct continuation from 2nd. The game sort of expects you to have already played through 2 games and takes little time in throwing you into the complexities of orbal equiping and party building. In a few hours played, you will have a playable cast of more than a dozen of characters to choose from. All except one character have their niche and is pretty even. I admit that up till the very end I cannot decide who and how to form my perfect party. Everyone just seems to have their strengths and weaknesses. Other than party, combat is slightly different from FC and SC. You will have to be even more attentive to the turn order as there are some turns that will be insta-kill and some turns that characters cannot damage others. Some smart finesse will be helpful in ensuring getting the beneficial buffs and forcing enemies to the lame buffs.The structure of the game is very different from usual JRPGs. There are no more guild work orders to sidetrack and an overarching narrative. But don't be mistaken, there are still a lot of  NPCs to talk to, and a lot of side quests to be sidetracked via the new and unique door mechanism. The minigames like fishing and poker are still in the 3rd!Overall, I feel that the 3rd is more like a spin off than a mainline trails game. Players familiar with the series will no doubt welcome all the side stories as they tie up loose plot ends really well and even tease us to the bigger Zemurian continent which the future games are based on. Also, the game throw you right into the thick of the action and plot there is no filler at all unlike the slower pacing of FC and the lots of backtracking travel in SC. The 3rd however, do reuse a lot of the assets in game and sometimes it seem like the story is written in such a way for them to reuse assets. This did not detract from my enjoyment though. It is that fun fighting old foes and old allies alike. Especially that particular boss in chp 6.  Having said all these, this game is actually a really bad starting point for any newcomer to the series. If you have not played any trailss game before, buy FC and start from there instead."
,Recommended,436670,31668957,Posted: 10 May,all,revenge616,Dungeon crawling trails in the sky edition.I rate it 9 Oliviers out of 10 and half a Gilbert
76561197970122669,Recommended,436670,31656817,Posted: 9 May,all,Jolkien,An excellent ending to an extraordinary series. I highly recommend this game to any fan of the jRPG genre.
76561198201678438,Recommended,436670,31679992,Posted: 11 May,all,Ryuseki,Amazing and a must play if you've played the first two games.Highly recommended!
76561198010227034,Recommended,436670,31839951,Posted: 19 May,all,Seseau,"A great game to conclude a great trilogy.I'll be fair and say that 3rd is very, very different from FC and SC; but not for the worse. As other reviews point out, it's more of a dungeon crawler, with 98% of the story taking place in a different dimension of sorts. It has its ups and downs, but my bet is those who played through FC and SC and loved them both will love this too.In my opinion, the game is basically one giant worldbuilding exercise. It has a ton of character development, too.Combat is ever so slightly improved from FC and SC; personally I've always liked Trails combat, so goodie.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,436670,31871315,Posted: 20 May,all,Aijou Yuujou,A bittersweet ending to the greatest Trails arc. This is heavily gameplay focused and should be played on as an extra since this does not have a vast amount of lore and dialogue compared to FC and SC. Lots of new spells and lots of party customization to a total of 16 members.  3rd Chapter definitely expands on the next few games and foreshadows events in both Crossbell and Erebonia.
,Recommended,436670,31899466,Posted: 22 May,all,redsea,"This game was a satisfying conclusion to the triology for me. The story is a lot darker than previous 2. Playing this game is like magic. The sound track is superd. The only down side for me is the combat system. After 3 games of the same combat system, things got repetive and boring. However, this is only a very minor isssues. I feel like the dialogues and character developments is a bit inferior to the 1st and 2nd. If you like RPG, espcially JRPG then  please buy all 3."
76561198025686484,Recommended,436670,31551353,Posted: 4 May,all,eudys47,"Decided to update my earlier review since I have now finished the game. To those who have followed this series through the first two ""Trails"" games, this is a worthy send off to the characters you've come to know and love. Since Estelle and Joshua's story concluded in the second chapter, the focus is now on Kevin Graham, the mysterious priest of the Septium Church introduced in the second game. Pretty much every major character makes an appearance, and each gets a moment to shine in side stories spread throughout the game. Make no mistake, this is a game for those who have followed the series from the first Trails in the Sky, everyone else will be absolutely left in the dark. If you haven't played the first two get them now, they are among the best JRPG's you can get on Steam.Being the third in the series, I was afraid it would be really boring traversing Liberl for a third time. Falcom wisely decided to change up the formula of the game to make it even more narrative driven than normal, and shifting the gameplay into a more focused dungeon crawler. While there are plenty of battles, chracter customization and treasures to find, the fundamental gameplay remains nearly unchanged from the previous games. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but for me the strength in the series lies in its characters and story telling, and this game absolutely delivers. A grand total of 16 characters are available, which is a tad bit excessive in my opinion.However I would be remiss if I didn't warn you that this game RAMPANTLY reuses assests from the previous two games including entire towns, dungeons, boss fights, even animated cutscenes are reused. I imagine this was done to reduce the development time as there's usually quite a bit of time between ""Trails"" games. It's normal for developers to reuse assets to reduce development time and save on the budget, but this game is agregious in how it just feels like a ""greatest hits"" of maps and fights we've already experienced in the other games. That being said, the writing and character development are just as strong as ever, and there were even times I was tearing up at what was going on. I came for more Trails narrative goodness and I got exactly that. I just wish the game was as mechanically strong as other games in the series.So the TL;DR version: Fans who have played all the english language releases of the Trails games should not miss this game, despite manic reuse of old assets from the older games. A lot of plot elements are seeded here for future games in the series, including Trails of Cold Steel, which will be coming to Steam in the future for those of you who missed it on Playstation 3 and PS Vita.It's a miracle this game exists at all in English, given the size of the scripts in these games. While I'm not actively looking for errors while playing, I noticed a grand total of one throughout my nearly 50 hours of play. Trails fans simply MUST buy this game and show XSeed the last two untranslated Trails games (Ao no Kiseki and Zero no Kiseki) have an audience here on steam. I'm used to spending 90-100 hours on these games typically, so this is on the shorter side of the series in general. Nevertheless, I enjoyed this game very much and look forward to more adventures in the continent of Zemuria, make it happen XSeed!"
,Recommended,436670,31814612,Posted: 17 May,all,SherdRed,"If you've played and enjoyed the last two Trails in the Sky games there's basically no reason not to play this one, it's great for all of the same reasons the first two are, just expect a story of smaller scale.Other than that, the only other thing I would like to say is serious content warning for (I guess this kinda counts as a spoiler)child abuse and depictions of self harmin star door 15, that is easily some of the most serious♥♥♥♥♥♥I've seen in a video game."
,Recommended,436670,31850377,Posted: 19 May,all,Decadent_Otter,"Great game and a very excellent translation. The story was great and the gameplay was really fun. I did run into a few messed up dialog boxes and one box that wasn't translated at all, but that didn't bother me. I also had some performance issues where the game would freeze at random points, but that was more likely a hardware issue. Otherwise this game was amazing."
,Recommended,436670,31532313,Posted: 3 May,all,thwayset,Fantastic conclusion to Trails in the Sky. Hopefully Crossbell games are localized so we can experience more Trails greatness.
,Recommended,436670,31982191,Posted: 26 May,all,Omar,I love this game. Amazing story still same great combat. lovely charcters.Buy and play the first two. before buying this.
,Recommended,436670,32050674,Posted: 29 May,all,wanfumodi,"One of the best JRPG i ever played. If you're gonna buy this game, play the first two chapters and then play this.As we know, the graphic of LoH it's not one of the best, same will be here but we all know that this game don't rely on the graphic but on the story, supported by a solid gameplay and a fantastic soundtrack.ConclusionIf you're a RPG player or a JRPG lover this is a must.PS: don't forget the first two chapters :c"
76561198349982373,Recommended,436670,32064040,Posted: 30 May,all,kanzanzx,Even with asset re-using that is starting to annoy me by this point this game series is still one of the best JRPG i have ever played (and you can trust me I have played a lot of them)  9/10 for all 3 games in the Trails in the sky series.*Insert mandatory question about Clossbell here*
76561198105510856,Recommended,436670,32090173,Posted: 31 May,all,ag.news.spec,Another great Legend of Heroes instalment and now waiting for Zero and Ao no Kiseki!
76561198061243714,Recommended,436670,32071091,Posted: 30 May,all,i have unlimited data on my psp,play it
76561197967108792,Recommended,436670,31567970,Posted: 5 May,all,Fuepepe,Great game! Fights are actually mechanically interesting in this one and the party variety is great for fans of the series. I'll write a full review when I finish.
76561197966996827,Recommended,436670,31592392,Posted: 6 May,all,Samurai,"I came into this gme with very few preconceptions.  I read one review, on this site, claiming the game was much more of a dungeon crawler than the previous games and you should not expect it to be the same as FC and SC.  I HIGHLY recommend playing the first and second chapter first or you will miss alot of backstory.This game is great so far, and the same wonderful storytelling is present throughout.  The 3rd focuses more on vignettes that happened after the end of SC and gives us backstory and explanations.  The 3rd is more like a slightly different flavor of the same games we know and love.  It is different the way a strawberry shortcake is different than a strawberry daiquri... both are still scrumptous ( if you like strawberries ).I will update this review once I beat the game, but if your a fan of FC and SC this is a ""must buy"" just to see what happens between the characters after SC.  Enjoy!!P.S.  If for some reason you have not yet played Legend of Heroes:  Trails in the Sky FC yet, do yourself a favor and give it a shot.  Yes it is an""oldschool"" JRPG... but it is  great ""oldschool"" JRPG.  Once your used to the graphics its an amazing game!  And talk to everyone, you will be rewarded for once :D"
,Recommended,436670,31592879,Posted: 6 May,all,Memento_Mori,"My advice is to pick normal if you want to avoid frustration, hard if you want a significant challenge, and nightmare on your second playthrough.You CAN pick nightmare on your first playthrough, but be ready for some absolutely bullcrap encounters, and be ready to see the game over screen a lot. The first chapter will be one of the most brutal challenges to complete on nightmare.This is relatively short compared to the other Trails titles, but completely worth it.Do it for the Crossbell arc."
,Recommended,436670,31639978,Posted: 8 May,all,Ashen Awakener,"Well What can I say. It's an unforgettable ride. The journey is the extention of the 2nd chapter, with ""new"" MCs and the return of powerful chars, combining to overcome a greater evil.Gameplay: the same as before, with new bonus turn status beside crit, sepith up etc. There wont be any Bracer requests as before, Instead, a new mechanic is introduced - memories doors, with minigames, new challenges and prizes.Story: superb as expected. We got to see the development of the 5th Dominion, and some aspects related to the Church. Also the game explains some information regarding the aftermath of the Sky city falling down incident, Erebonian Empire and its Intelligent Divisions. Cassius Bright is still there, and serve a much more active role this time.Overall, if, and only if, u have finished the 1st and 2nd chapter , then I recommended buying this one. It is not inferoir in anyway, and a good full stop to this amazing Liberl Arc.Now onward to Sen no Kiseki/ Zero no Kiseki, if we're lucky"
,Recommended,436670,31666851,Posted: 10 May,all,ken07,"Just play for 3 hours, but can say that it is still a must play after playing first and second chapter."
76561198071324871,Recommended,436670,34779693,Posted: 6 September,all,prosnacks,"The gameplay can be a bit dragging at times (which I forgive), but the story is very stellar and heartwarming."
76561198050243159,Recommended,436670,34872697,Posted: 10 September,all,Cloud1989,"Great game which continues on a great series of games, Glad to support the Legend of Heroes series. This game is well made for PC plays well with great controller support.Heres hoping AO and Zero are to come next !"
76561197995727850,Recommended,436670,34895495,Posted: 11 September,all,HEELplus,"Some of the best story telling and most fun characters I've ever seen in a video game.  If you're a fan of anime and turn based JRPG's, give this game a chance.  Especially if you're a fan of the Trails series and played the first and second chapters, then I'd this game is must."
,Recommended,436670,33643484,Posted: 18 July,all,Stoop Kid,"This is a great finale to the Trails in the Sky series. The 3rd really provides a lot of additional backstory and information for a lot of your old and new party members.The focus of this one is on Kevin Graham, instead of Estelle and Joshua. If you found him pretty intersting, if a bit mysterious in SC, you'll really come to undertand his character a lot more. And there are a lot of other characters to find and interact with.The gameplay is pretty similar, with some extra effects and quartz thrown in.This game also hints at some things to come for some of the other games in the Legend of Heroes franchise, like Trails of Cold Steel (Cold Steel 1 is coming to PC next month btw!).If you've played and enjoyed the first two games, FC and SC, you will absolutely need to play this one. But if you're new to the series, I'd suggest checking out FC instead. You'll be pretty lost if you start here, and FC goes on sale more often anyway, so it won't break the bank to give it a shot."
76561198055981406,Recommended,436670,33634291,Posted: 18 July,all,majinsteph,"I had to spend some time thinking about whether I would hit ""Yes"" or ""No"" for ""Do you recommend this game?"".  The game started out pretty awesome.  It was obvious fairly fast that this would be a crawl through one dungeon, but the first floor was really fun and I was enjoying the combat and the pacing.  The game stopped proceeding at an enjoyable clip, however, as I accumulated more characters and unlocked more side stories, many of which suffered from dragging on, forcing me to explore areas and dungeons that I had already done in both the first and second games, or had me build up characters who were only in that particular side story.  Also, unlike the first floor, many areas of the overarching dungeon were just areas from the first 2 games, which I had already explored twice.There were many times when I couldn't wait to just be done with this game, but when it's good, it's really good, like the other games from the series.  Building up parties from the huge cast of characters, with plenty of high-level gems available and plenty of skills already unlocked, is really fun when exploring new areas with new content.  If the whole game had been like that, this game would be easy to recommend.  Also, this game had a considerable amount of buildup that I'm sure is relevant to the next 2 games in series, which are currently not available in English or even licensed at all.  I would have felt more excited for all the foreshadowing and buildup that occurs in this game if I had a reason to believe I would ever be able to play the next 2 games.One last thing that really helped me decide to recommend this game is the music.  The Falcom sound team was in top form for this game...the tracks that are new are amazing and possibly the best of the whole series.  I always enjoyed listening to this game, even when the parts I was playing weren't that interesting."
76561198124436690,Recommended,436670,33749979,Posted: 23 July,all,Tear,BEST RPG ever! finally completed playing. The story moved me into tears and i cried at the ending. Hahas!
76561198251416628,Recommended,436670,33877934,Posted: 29 July,all,princeps12,"this is the hardest of the 3, and a bit grindy however storyline is unbelivably rich as always, compared to other major titles such as FF (which provides less background info and focuses more on graphics and battle systems instead of expanding on the game universe)"
,Recommended,436670,34003652,Posted: 3 August,all,Kart™ Them Back to Mexico,"I played Trails in the Sky FC and SC extensively on PSP before going onto here for the 3rd. Of course FC and SC are NEEDED to be played before this.Overall the series has the best world building I have seen in video games as a whole, and the characters are top notch as well. Combat is strategic and fun throughout the series and the stroylines are consistantly good. 3rd keeps up this trend while also creating excitement for what is to come. This is now my favorite trilogy in gaming and I cant wait to play the other stories taking place within Zemuria."
76561198145314806,Recommended,436670,33983766,Posted: 2 August,all,Astra,After I got through the first few hours it started feeling having a normal trails in the sky vibe that I felt was missing when Ifirst started playing. If you liked the first two game you will defintely like this one if you invest enough time in it.
76561198298629834,Recommended,436670,34033761,Posted: 5 August,all,The Theater Thug Strikes Again,"After sinking in a good 60+ hours into this game, I was surprised by how incredibly sad I was to say good-bye. The cast of characters end up being so fully fleshed out, that I truly felt as though I was saying farewell to very dear friends [and like Estelle says, it's sad because I wonder... will I ever see them again?]Trails in the Sky 3rd was a fantastic closing act to trilogy as excellent as this. It was chalk full of so much information and tidbits, that I found myself obessively running around trying to make sure I found each and every 'memory' door before I completed the game. The gameplay was even more improved upon the 2nd game, and I had no trouble leveling up each character and then deciding on which teams I wanted to form. It never lacked on beautiful music, atmosphere or character development.Yes, it's mostly a dungeon crawler, but it's an essential piece of the trails in the sky series. If you enjoy rich story telling and are looking for a jrpg series with a fantastic battle system, please consider looking into this trilogy;you'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,436670,34126819,Posted: 9 August,all,lolibutt,"A very satisfying conclusion to the trails trilogy but it still has me yearning for more adventure. Characters we all know and love have their backstory explored through minigames, short stories and doors while the over arching plot delves deep into Kevin's history. If you loved trails in the sky sc for it's characters, world building and lore, you are sure to love this as this ties up many loose ends as well as giving some slice of life stories. The music is even better than ever as well.My only nitpick would be that many areas are reused and the ones that aren't are just generic dungeon space crawley themed and there are not many NPCs to interact with at all. It's just fight fight fight until you find a moon/sun/star door where you can enjoy a small minigame or story. But overall I loved this if only for our beloved characters and world. I eagerly await the crossbell arc, and if possible, erebonia!Edit: They have also added a 'speed up feature' that you can press during battle and when you're running around looting. Press alt for speed up. It's extremely useful as battle animations take years to finish"
,Recommended,436670,34401212,Posted: 21 August,all,cryrobinson,"Although only in the early hours (under 10 thus far), I'm already loving this game as much as I did the previous two. Excellent battle mechanics which match fun with tactical-thinking, a great group of characters, and an awesome soundtrack. Seriously, this trilogy is incredible and worth every hour spent exploring the world of Zemuria."
76561198010838885,Recommended,436670,34542380,Posted: 27 August,all,mnmike2002,"More a denoument than a sequel, the third chapter serves mostly to flesh out the background and side stories, as well as digging deep into Kevin Graham's past.  If the first chapter is the Hobbit, and the second chapter the LOTR, then this is the Simirilian.  If you don't love the world and the characters, don't bother playing this one; but if you do, there is a lot of fun to be had in getting to play with them all one last time."
,Recommended,436670,34675369,Posted: 1 September,all,Hopyoprop,A wonderful closure to the Trails in the Sky Liberl Arc. It is a great game with improved battle gameplay and a very different style as compared to the First and Second Chapters. Everything in this game is focused around Phantasma and the leads are Kevin and Ries now. I honestly prefer Kevin over Estelle but hey just my opinion. :D.It adds a lot of basis into what will happen in the Trails to Zero/Azure Crossbell Arc as well as the growing tensions between Prince Olivier and Chancellor Osborne which is what Trails of Cold Steel Erebonia Arc is doing right now. I thoroughly enjoyed all my hours playing this game and highly recommned this to anyone who has played the First and the Second Chapter.
,Recommended,436670,35136836,Posted: 22 September,all,TheLonelyGod,Fantastic Trilogy. Absolutely Worth playing.
,Recommended,436670,35058606,Posted: 18 September,all,Xhelos,"If you enjoyed the first two, you will enjoy this one. You get a lot of background story for many of the series main and secondary characters thorugh Moon, Sun and Star doors, which was an addition I enjoyed thouroughly (with the exception of one door). There is a significant amount of the game that is dedicated to combat, as well as aprty optimization, and some amount of grinding at the endgame as well.All in all, still an awesome JRPG series and well worth the time to play. Similar to the last two instalments, XSEED has done a great job localizing the game."
76561198037520124,Recommended,436670,35175149,Posted: 24 September,all,BabyCheetah,"So sad this is the end of Trails in the Sky trilogy.  I haven't had such experience for a long time. Excellent scripts draws  me in so deeply.I used to feel the same with Final Fantasy series but FF X was the last one that touched my heart.Estelle, Joshua, Tita, Renne,  Chole, etc.,  I will me you so much.Play all these three chapters and really enjoy the story. You won't regret it for spending totally 200+ hours on them."
,Recommended,436670,35506540,Posted: 5 October,all,Jokoo Magician,Great game. Around 60 hours of game-play. Recommend playing on Hard Difficulty.
