user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198020766718,Recommended,437000,22167912,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,aCdhell,Imagine playing a RTS while playing Street Fighter in 3rd Person.Sounds insane? It is!Takes forever to get used to. Visuals are outdated. Just a port.And still recommend for the unique and outstanding experience.
76561197992040370,Recommended,437000,22163957,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Shaxyel,"Underated.Played it back when it was exclusively to Xbox 360. Spent countless hours skirmishing with friends. I got extremely hyped when I saw it come to Steam and I just had to instantly buy it and replay it asap.Sure, its rough around the edges, has wonky controls, not the best voice acting or fluid animation. But when you pull off a dumbass combo and 1 shot ♥♥♥♥♥es its worth it.  When you just about get the hang of it and crank up the difficulty to max, and go fight and win against That Man? After he AoE's you to death in a top down view that is so frustratingly awful to control? Satisfaction, pure bliss, a big '♥♥♥♥ you, you cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥of♥♥♥♥♥♥. I beat yo'♥♥♥♥♥Its not a fighting game like its predecessors and its latest title.  This is a macro-micro intensive game, think star craft, well... don't think star craft, think of a fighting game that took command and conquer into a back alley, had sex with it, and this is its love child. Think Smite with minion control.This is my go to, to settle a disagreement with my friends, and this is who you should play it with, friends because it will go stale real fast otherwise.Don't get me wrong, core features are definitely missing, I didn't expect much but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, which it currently is. Luckily for me I had an xbox controller and it functions just as I expect it to. It plays at a solid frame rate, bare bones but enough for me to enjoy. Knowing how this was left to rot on the Xbox 360, especially in Europe. I was dead excited to see that Raven is PLAYABLE. I would recommend playing with a controller for the time being. The launch is a bit... eh. But I can live with it. GIVE ME THE DAMN ENGLISH DUBS SO I CAN HERE PARADIGM SPAM ""EXPERIENCE, EXPERIENCE THE GRAVITATIONAL- EXPERIENCE."" You'll get tired of repeated lines like this very quickly and it may drive you mad. But I just look at the funny side of it.All in all I would give it a personal 8/10BTW If you are that guy who buys all the elites, pockets them and then drops them at the enemy master ghost. You sir have zero balls."
,Recommended,437000,22220575,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Red,"- Review in French below / Version française en-dessous -No, this is not a Guilty Gear fighting game.No, this is not a Warriors-like (Dynasty Warriors...) game either.Yes, in its current state, this port can be slightly buggy and rough around the edges.So, what is it? Well, it's hard to describe. It's some kind of MOBA with minion control mixed with a beat 'em all. It can sound awkward, but it does feel original. I will probably update my review when I have finished the game (or even before), but right now, it is a good game in my opinion.Also, note that this game, while not a fighting game in the Guilty Gear series, is just as canon as Xrd or Vastedge (which is not a fighting game either). Because yes, it introduces some characters and concepts that are mentioned and used in Xrd. I also suspect that Guilty Gear 2 has evolved through time in such a way that it give birth to Guilty Gear Xrd, hence their link story-wise.The music is pretty nice, especially the battle themes (the ones that play when you fight another master) : these were composed by Daisuke Ishiwatari, the composer of... well, almost all of the Guilty Gear soundtracks, actually. The rest of the music you can hear in the rest of the game was composed by someone else, and since I haven't read the credits, I don't know who it is, sorry.Should you buy it now? That all depends on what you want.If you want a fighting game, that's not it.If you want a game with an original gameplay, you should try it.|*]If you want to learn more about the GG lore, you might want to play it as long as you like the gameplay itself (else you might just want to watch a playthrough).If you want a game with the latest graphics, this game doesn't have them; it's merely a port from a 2007 game right now, and some graphics options and tweaks are coming in the next updates, such as fullscreen and resolution settings (in the meantime, Alt+Enter or F11 do the trick). Also, you must know that there are some issues right know, with the depth of field and bloom settings being setup incorrectly,resulting in blur and too much brightnessand the first update disabled DoF. This, too, should be corrected soon since the console release didn't have this problem.The port is still a little rough around the edges, but they have added some more features since the release, like the DLC map, connection indicators, replays, mouse and keyboard support... Ranked matches and graphics options are still missing, and the ""Ex-Sol Costume"" DLC might be as well. On a sidenote, the ""exit game"" function has been added since the game's launch, which is very welcome.If you trust ArcSys with this port (or want the music that's included), you should grab it, during sales or not.Overall, a pretty good game, but a port missing quite a lot of features at the time I'm writing this.- Version française -Non, ce n'est pas un jeu de baston Guilty Gear.Non, ce n'est pas un jeu Warriors-like (Dynasty Warriors...).Oui, dans son état actuel, ce portage peut être bugué et sérieusement manquer de polish.Donc qu'est-ce que c'est? Eh bien c'est assez difficile à décrire. C'est un genre de MOBA avec un contrôle sur les sbires, les creeps, les larbins (appelez-les comme vous voudrez) mélangé avec un beat 'em all. Ca peut sembler bancal dit comme ça, mais c'est en réalité plutôt original. Je mettrai sans doute cette évaluation à jour quand j'aurai fini le jeu (ou même avant), mais pour l'instant, je trouve que c'est un jeu plutôt bon.Aussi, notez que même si ce n'est pas un jeu de baston dans la série Guilty Gear, il fait tout autant partie du canon que Xrd ou Vastedge (qui, lui non plus, n'est pas un jeu de bourre-pif). En effet, il introduit certains personnages et concepts mentionnés et réutilisés dans Xrd. D'ailleurs, je suppose que Guilty Gear 2 a tellement évolué au cours du temps qu'il a fini par donner naissance à Guilty Gear Xrd, d'où leur relation au niveau de l'histoire.La musique est plutôt sympathique, notamment les thèmes de combat (ceux qui se lancent quand vous affrontez un autre ""maître"") : ils ont été composés par Daisuke Ishiwatari, le compositeur de... ben à peu-près tout le reste de la musique de Guilty Gear. Le reste de la musique du jeu a été composé par quelqu'un d'autre, et étant donné que je n'ai pas encore lu les crédits, je ne sais pas de qui il s'agit, désolé.La question fatidique : devriez-vous l'acheter maintenant? Tout dépend de ce que vous voulez.Si vous voulez un jeu de baston, ce n'en est pas un.Si vous voulez un jeu au gameplay original, vous devriez l'essayer.Si vous voulez en savoir plus sur l'univers de Guilty Gear, vous pouriez avoir envie d'y jouer, à condition d'apprécier le gameplay (sinon vous pourriez aussi juste vouloir regarder des playthroughs).Si vous voulez un jeu au top des graphismes, ce n'est pas ici; c'est juste un portage d'un jeu de 2007 en l'état actuel, et certaines options graphiques et des réglages arriveront dans les prochaines mises à jour, comme le mode plein écran ou des options de résolution (en attendant, Alt+Entrée ou F11 font l'affaire). Aussi, vous DEVEZ savoir qu'il y a quelques problèmes avec cette version, avec la profondeur de champ et le bloom mal réglés,résultant en un écran flou ou trop lumineux selon les conditionset la profondeur de champ a été désactivée avec la première mise à jour. Ceci aussi devrait être corrigé bientôt étant donné que la version console n'avait pas ce problème.Ce portage est encore un peu brut de décoffrage, mais ils ont implémenté quelques fonctionnalités depuis la sortie, comme la map DLC, des indicateurs de connexion, des replays, le support clavier/souris... Les matchs classés et les options graphiques manquent toujours à l'appel, et peut-être également le DLC ""Costume Ex-Sol"". Petite note, la fonction ""quitter le jeu"" a été ajoutée depuis le lancement du jeu, ce qui est bienvenu (""jeu de sortie"" à son déploiement pour l'anecdote).Si vous avez confiance en ArcSys pour ce portage (ou que vous voulez la musique fournie avec), vous devriez le prendre, durant les soldes ou en-dehors.Globalement, un jeu plutôt bon, mais un portage auquel manque quelques fonctionnalités à l'heure où j'écris ces lignes.Notez aussi que le jeu est dispo avec le texte en Français, c'est toujours bon à savoir (même si je joue avec le texte en Anglais, donc je ne peux pas juger de sa qualité."
,Recommended,437000,32833553,Posted: 26 June,all,Redrusty66,"One of the most unique titles in the series, and one of the most important, if not THE most important if you care about the series plot. I've been a Guilty Gear fan for over a decade, The adventures of Sin, a kid that went rebelling his parents because they don't spend much time with him. So he goes with an old hobo instead to explore the world. I applaud the developers having the gut to do something different with this offshoot in the series. Reminds me of Dynasty Warriors with a bit of Dawn of War series, sharing some of the same mechanics. Was really nice to be able to enjoy this Hybrid and interesting take. Great cross-genre title. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,437000,23739343,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DJ.Metals,"First things first: Warnings about the port (as of when I'm writing this)1. There is no graphics options2. There is no way to change resolution3. Recommend a decent CPU. If you begin to get FPS spikes the game will start to freak out.4. 100% RECOMMENDED TO HAVE A CONTROLLER!!!!!One of the most underrated games of all time in my opinion. As a huge fan of the xbox 360 version, this is an amazing way to get people back into the game, and new players who have never experienced this game before.Do you like action games? Do you like RTS games? Do you like heavy rock music? Then this game is for you!!!Honestly, it's one of the most unique games I've played and I still can't recall anything that plays quite like this. It's fast paced, requires quick wits, and is just overall very fun!Although the online community is MINUSCULE, there are still a few dedicated players that are always up to play online (including myself!)"
,Recommended,437000,22187002,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,✨Parado✨,"One of the most unique titles in the series, and one of the most important, if not THE most important if you care about the series plot. I've been a Guilty Gear fan for over a decade, and even I missed this game back in 2008 due to never having owned an xbox 360, but good old Arc System Works never fails to deliver, finally releasing this on PC!My past experience with Overture is entirely based on watching various playthroughs just to watch the story unfold, but now that I can actually play this for myself, it's become one of my top favorite GG games to date. The best way I can describe it is if RTS games and 3D fighters came together to have a weird but wonderful child, unfortunetly, it's very hit or miss, either you love it, or you don't.You take control of a Master (player character) and command and summon various Servants to take out the opposing side's Master Ghost. Controls can feel a bit weird at first, but once you get in the game you'll get used to it in no time.Now plotwise, this game reveals some great info on Sol, as well as introducing Sin, and is heavily referenced in GGXrd. The events of Overture set up the stage for the events of Xrd and Vastedge, A slot machine spinoff that takes place between Overture and Xrd. I won't give plot details away, but I will say that Overture is a very important chapter in the series, and you should definitelty play it to fully understand where the series is now.Overall, I love this game, it's weird, but it's fun. Definitely worth trying out at the very least."
,Recommended,437000,28969631,Posted: 3 January,all,coolRONz,"what an odd title. terrible xb360ish graphics.... everything about this game defies logic to me. but i love it anyways. pretty easy to get into, sort of plays out in sections and progresses and has funky cutscenes explaining whats going on... rts, rpg, hack and slash... its an odd combo, but actually i quite like it. and a very odd art style. it has the worst voice acting and dialogue yet still find it humorous  and the characters likeable. its as if its a bad anime series you just have to push yourself through because you need to see the ending. although its Guilty Gear, i really dont relate it to the series personally. not sure if i would recommend paying full price, but if you can catch it on sale, as an anime lover its a must have. i do like how the game has good keyboard+mouse and controller support. each sequence is a short play thru then a short cutscene followed by a save. its a nice touch, nothing worse than putting a couple hours into something only to lose it. its not a great game, but i do find it quite entertaining. altho Steam says its been released in 2016, the title screen only makes reference to 2007.. and the game always starts in a 1280x720 window, only on the start screen can i ALT+TAB to get to fullscreen, otherwise it crashes or locks the game, at least with a GTX1080 and latest drivers. doesn't sound like anyone else is experiencing the same."
,Recommended,437000,24053293,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,xSol_Badguy,"This is a port of an absolutely /amazing/ game from the Xbox 360.It's basically the perfect example of a game that was just a little ahead of it's time, in other words, before Mobas were so popular. On the bright side, however, there is still absolutely every reason to still enjoy this game, and there are no others that are like it. Years ago, when this was on Xbox 360 only, the online community consisted primarily of Japanese players, and it may be the same way on Steam, but there are all the different levels of skill you'd imagine there would be still.I'm hoping people will give this game an honest chance, because if you're a fan of RTS, Mobas, or both, you're going to seriously enjoy this game. There's still a few features they're working on, but they've done a great job frequently fixing things and pushing through updates. Keep in mine everything is currently working very well, and as arguably the person who played this game the most in the west, I am very pleased with how it's been handled.You're definitely going to want a controller, though in the near future they will be adding keyboard and mouse functionality, simply because it handles very intuitively that way. Don't be discouraged at all if you get destroyed online by some other players, that's honestly probably the best way to become proficient in this game. Play a few matches with some good players, get destroyed a few times, and, and this is important, make sure you watch the replays and learn what you could do different to turn the results in your favor. Aside from that, there's actually a good amount of documentation as to how to become better in this game, stemming way back from the Xbox 360 days. The most popular western forum that's existed for this game is on dustloop @http://www.dustloop.com/forums/index.php?/forums/topic/236-guilty-gear-2-overture-released/&page=87but if there's more discussion happening on the steam forums, then that's a good place to look too.Last but not least, add me if you ever want to play! This honestly has to be my favorite multiplayer game ever, so I'm more than happy to play with any and all."
,Recommended,437000,22245721,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Invictus,"Back in 2008, I got this on the Xbox 360. I had trouble understanding the game, it seemed overwhelming and strange.Now, in 2016, I've played some MOBA games and even Brutal Legend, and this game is more enjoyable to me today than it was when I first played it.To say how this game plays is hard, because it's seriously one of the most unique games I've played, even today, it's more unique than a lot of games recently coming out.It has the troop management and resource acquisition similar to Brutal Legend, It has the objective pushing style similar to MOBAs, it has combat similar to Dynasty Warriors, and even then it still is different enough from my examples that I'm not completely sure comparing it to my examples does it justice.Guilty Gear 2 is Guilty Gear 2.If you like ridiculous action and the Guilty Gear series, I recommend this game.Also, when learning this game, I strongly recommend using the Ghost Assist feature, it helps you focus on the combat, and worry less about troop management, which can get intimidating and hectic if you're new to this game."
76561198208417667,Recommended,437000,28009975,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AsianRambo38,"Guilty Gear as an action RTS game. It really is mindblowing to me. When I first heard about this game, I was optimistic. I mean, Guilty Gear is a fighting game series! It's not a RTS or Hack n' Slash series! However, GUILTY GEAR 2 -OVERTURE- blends the fighting genre with the RTS genre very well. Somehow, ARC SYSTEM WORKS has found a way to keep the feel of the 2D fighting games on a 3d battlefield. Whether it be a few left-handed-reverse-grip swings with Sol's sword to keep the bad guys away or a well placed gunflame into a crowd of nerds, the fighting feels somehow.... nostalgic, as if I was playing one of the 2d titles in the franchise. And commanding units (referred to as servants in game) is a nice, smooth experience, so you don't have to draw up a whole Mona Lisa painting just to get your servants moving. It's as easy as select, click, click, done. Fighting alongside your servants is pretty awesome, especially when 4 massive armies collide in an area and it's just chaos.Now granted, some people will give this game a pass because it's so radically different from the rest of the series.To them I say, how dare you.Though the gameplay may be different and we only get a handful of characters this time around, it's still Guilty Gear. All of the patented Guilty Gear craziness is there, from the rock references to someone using a flagpole as a weaopn. Not to mention, this installment of Guilty Gear is probably the most important when it comes to story. Things that happen in this game are referenced to in XRD, and even though there is a glossary in XRD, experiencing them first hand is really the better option. Not to mention we get to see a version of Sol's former lover, Aria, who may be the most metal waifu in existence.In short:-PROS-+Much action, so wow.+Battles can sometimes (and usually) will get MASSIVE in a 2v2 match. firing off a volvanic viper in the middle of a massive battle group is glorious.+You get to see how Sol swings his sword in a 3d world, if you ever wanted to try it for yourself.+You can still cancel recovery animations (called a MODERN CANCEL in this game as opposed to a ROMAN CANCEL.)+Metal waifu is best girl.+Ky (not really) worst father/ Sol (not really) best father.+Sin can't math and can maybe read.+Raven is masochistic if you like that sort of thing.+Dr. Paradigm can tell you to EXPERIENCE THE... EXPERIENCE THE...+Izuna for all of you furries.-CONS (?)--Being on the opposite side of a dragon install is still really scary.-Playing the game for the first time can be a bit overwhelming. Explanations can be either very specific or more or less half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But honestly, playing the game and experimenting is the best way to learn the game. There's even a mission that reflects on this. When you first gain real control of your units, Izuna tries to teach how to move, attack, etc. with your units, and he rants on and on until he realizes there's just too much to cover. Sol just tells him to shut up and that he'll figure it out as he goes.-MISC-> I highly recommend a controller for this game. Trying to play it on a keyboard is doable, but only if you have the finesse of a certain silver-haired ninja.> If you ever want to play an online game, find a dedicated group of people. It's one of those games.In closing, I give this game a score of leaving your son in the care of a grumpy old man out of Ky's questionable parenting skills."
,Recommended,437000,22286963,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TLG [ThePhantom],"UPDATED ON MAY 13NOTE: This review will be updated as more features get added to the game with updates.Honestly, I was truly shocked when I found out this game was released on steam without any news. Unlike other Guilty Gear games, this is not a fighting game. It's actually a 3rd person RTS game. I know you are wondering how this can be good but believe me, this game is so much fun and tactical when you get used to its mechanics.In this game, you have to control a Master (your character) and summon Servants (troops) to take down the enemy's Master Ghost (base) while protecting your own master ghost. Summoning servants is done by entering the Organ menu mid-battle and spending Mana. There are various types of servants available (ranged, magic, etc…) and all of them are weak against some types of servants; so if you want to win, you have to pay attention to servant types. If you don't want to bother yourself with summoning servants or have trouble doing this in real time, you can activate Organ Assist and Organ Wait which summon servants automatically and stop time while in organ menu. You can also carry about 6 items with your master. The items can be found in chests in the maps or can be purchased from organ menu.The controls are a bit wonky, especially when you have to run and drift around; but there's a high chance you get used to them. I wasn't comfortable with the controls at first but now I'm drifting around the maps without a problem.PROS:- Very fun to play. I never had this much fun for a long time.- Like always, SOUNDTRACKS ARE F###ING GREAT!- Great story (The story is Xrd's prequel. So if you want to know the full story, you must not miss this)- Runs at solid 60 FPS (Probably because it's originally a 2007 Xbox 360 game?)- Very nice support from the developers: A few days after people complained about the blurry graphics, they fixed it. (Thanks Shini!)CONS:- Ally AI in campaign mode: Seriously, WTF IS WRONG WITH ALL OF THE ALLY AI CONTROLLED CHARACTERS IN GAMES?! I was so close to controlling every ghost in the 8th mission of campaign two times and I got defeated in both of my tries because of an idiot named Dr.Paradigm who asks for help but instead of backing off, jumps right in middle of the combat!- Campaign's 13th mission: You will not be notified if an enemy is attacking the gate. So, you will play the mission and then suddenly see that half of the gate's life bar is gone thanks to the enemies that appear outta nowhere!- Item usage problems: I found this recently. If you get hit by an enemy during the process of using an item, the item won't be used (for example, Sol's Dragon Install won't activate) and goes immediately into the cooldown state. (This can sometimes remove the items from your inventory)- Not complete: Yeah, the game lacks many contents (for now). But if you trust in Arc System Works, you'll be sure they will add them to the game after some time.- No proper mouse and keyboard support (was going to be fixed in End-April update, but it got delayed to an unknown time. Keyboard keys can be changed by modifying a config file for now)- No graphical settings (going to be fixed after May. You can switch to full screen with Alt+Enter for now)NOTES:- Permanent buffs/debuffs are fixed now.- English voices are added now."
76561198033567549,Recommended,437000,22246233,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,polsvoyce,"A somewhat controversial title in the Guilty Gear lineage of 2D fighting games, Guilty Gear 2 Overture takes a radical departure as a MOBA+3D Fighting Game hybrid that debuted well before the MOBA genre hit its stride in popularity. Rather than being outdated, GG2 Overture still has plenty of unique offerings that set itself apart from the last decade's worth of Fighting Games and MOBAs on the market.This game has two main components to consider when purchasing.1. Story Mode. Put together much like any traditional 2D/3D fighting game, assets are used from the Vs. portion of the game to construct set pieces and perhaps teach a bit of how the game operates. As far as Guilty Gear's story is concerned, this was a rather pivotal piece to the plot and is interesting if you're familiar with the GG lore. If you play other fighting games for their story, you'll probably know what to expect here. The Story Mode is essentially a primer getting the player prepared for taking their skills online in Vs. Mode, with some other flourishes thrown in for good measure. It's also worth sticking to, just to enjoy the last boss set piece, as it shows that Guilty Gear's scope can sometimes be larger than the confines of what can be done in merely a 2D one-on-one fighter.2. Vs. Mode. The actual attraction of this game, just like any MOBA or 2D/3D Fighting Game on the market. Like either of those genres, there's plenty of rules to learn if you're looking to get good at GG2 Overture. Movement options are complicated, but extremely deliberate. Every player controlled attack option has its application against both the other enemy Master (i.e. player controlled character), but also the servants that they command. Troop purchase and placement is intricately balanced, giving the player not only Master vs. Master matchups to understand, but how each of their servants will do against their opponent's troops as well. At high level play, this is arguably one of the most heated, intense, and competitive games out there. Considering some matches can run nearly 30 minutes in length, you'll very much care if you win or lose, every single time you play.One could make the analogy that Master combat in this game is something like Soul Calibur (or for those especially uninformed, Dynasty Warriors), but I find it closer to something like ""Virtual On"". Like that title, your special moves and attacks in GG2 Overture are both long range projectiles, but also close-range melee options utilizing three dimensional space better than Soul Calibur has ever tried. The strategy elements of this game are of the rock-paper-scissors-shotgun-Spock variety in that there's a lot to keep in mind when sending your battalion against your enemy. What's particularly fun and rewarding in this game is marching your cherry-picked squad of troops forward into a huge skirmish against the enemy team, but also arriving as your player character and personally helping to turn that tide. The victory of one huge fight like that can cost the entire match - so there's always something riding on every fight. Oh, and strangely enough, there's a dash of Mario Kart thrown into the mix here too, no joke. Each Master when running, essentially handles like their own different 'vehicle' with differences in run speeds, acceleration, and drifting per character.Regarding characters, there's also a lot of thought to be placed into character selection. Some Masters are more mobile, some better suited for Vs. combat, and others excel in the strength of their army. Finding the right character for you can make a big difference in your enjoyment of this game.Unfortunately there's a limit to how much Story Mode can actually teach. Much like the Fighting Game world, the tutorial resources available in-game are slim. The previous publisher Aksys seems to have had a difficult time promoting this game on the Xbox 360 nearly 9 years ago, and additionally had difficulty figuring out how to readily teach this game to the masses. Youtube would generally be a good start for anyone looking to learn this game's incredibly deep fighting and strategy systems, but the documentation for this game won't be quite as prolific as say, Street Fighter 5 or League of Legends. Why not just go play one of those games instead? Well, because this game offers something unique that has actually never been replicated in the videogame world again in 9 years - It's fundamentally both of those games put together.In summation, GG2 Overture is an exhilarating game for those willing to learn the nuances of its combat and strategy systems. Like other competitive games out there, your enjoyment will largely be based on what you put into it.---P.S.  Regarding youtube vids: a silly, but generally true rule of thumb. If the player doesn't look like they're juggling a hundred things at once and flipping through menus quicker than you can read, they're not playing the game at High Level. Time and speed are incredibly important in this game. Good luck!"
,Recommended,437000,22223972,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Daddylion,":Quick Review:-This game is a port from the early Xbox 360 Era.*Nothing to special, but a good port all things considered.-Not like traditional Guilty Gear games. It's an action RTS, i.e Brutal Legends.-Good story, actually explains a lot.*Japanese Voice overs only.-Has a lot of replayability due to the online play.-All the characters are very unique and play as a ""Faction"" role in a traditional RTS, but you are on the field with the units you command.-Overall, I really enjoy it. I recommend you get it with some friends and have a good time in the competitive online ^_^"
76561198028296972,Recommended,437000,30988601,Posted: 6 April,all,Bootleg Megaboss,"Decent game with gameplay as confusing as its plot and some bad controls.Somehow, it's still fun, despite its flaws."
76561198237975406,Recommended,437000,22185586,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,samuraimicah,"My time on record for the Steam version will likely look pretty meager, but I logged a good number of hours into it in its original Xbox360 incarnation. Reviewing the basic game itself, I can happily recommend it. Easily one of the most underrated exclusives that ever graced the 360. It earned bad-to-mediocre reviews back then, but I think that was mainly because people either didn't quite understand what the game was supposed to be, or they were old Guilty Gear fans who were disappointed that they'd been given a stylish action/real-time strategy hybrid instead of another sidescrolling fighter. I think if people give it another look nowadays, they'll be able to appreciate it more as the wildly original, solidly-made actioner that it really is. Possibly even more so by having it on Steam, where the community is more open to these kinds of experimental sidesteps.And man oh man, dat soundtrack. Some of my favorite tracks from the entire Guilty Gear franchise, and this series is full of some of the best metal-based music in gaming.All of that being said, It has to be mentioned that at the time of this posting, there are absolutely no graphics options to adjust, which is extremely disappointing. The game runs in a windowed 720p format which can't be altered in any way. Honestly, what's the point of even porting a game to PC if you can't pretty it up using the superior power of one's gaming rig? I was expecting that I'd be able to up the resolution, maybe improve the textures and all that... but as it is now, the port provides absolutely no way to do this.Hopefully some kind of patch is applied at a later date, providing extra options to make the most of playing it on PC. Otherwise... you may as well just go play the 360 version.So as a game, it's great, and I do recommend it. But as a PC port of an almost decade-old game, it could really use a bit of patching on the part of the devs.Oh, and you can't invert the look controls. Just another thing to mention. An option for it is present, but it can't be changed. Kind of odd."
76561197960956246,Recommended,437000,22368569,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SUPER Ad Blocker ULTRA,Pros: - Good mix of action and RTS- Very solid gameplay and controller support- Avant Garde style of Guilty Gear- Rocking Music- Full story with robust tutorial- Networking mode- Challenging and robust- Excellent priceCons: - Music is a little loud in some parts but adjustable- Graphics (especially shadows) aren't great or adjustable. There's no graphical options currently but should come in a future update- Slight lack of gameplay modes (no free for all)- Small but essential cast- Only Japanes voice overs with English subtitles. It's usually the way I play Japanese games but I can understand wanting English VO. I'm not sure if there were English VOs on the xbax.
,Recommended,437000,22241190,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,OhDatsApplesMate,IT'S TIME
76561198049122032,Recommended,437000,23783742,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FredMage,"Having never played this before, it quickly became one of my favorites. I had some doubts at first, but those were quickly dispelled. It's so fun and addicting! Loving the story so far too, and I'm greatly enjoying the English dub! Truly a unique and underrated game, and I highly recommend it!"
76561198013621303,Recommended,437000,22204706,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Shadow Alchemist,"After few hours: im done with story line.... dont get me wrong - ive already played this game on Xbox so i knew where to go and what to do, but story is interesting only for Guilty Gear storyline fan and overall its just long ""learn how"" training with few bosses (That man is damn hard, even for DS1 player).Game have few side missions as well, together with ""vs CPU"" option you can have additional hours of fan (just like in any strategy).... but online is main base of this game and its too early to write if its good: depends on comunity which gonna play it (on Xbox: it ended up dead, because Jap players was way too experienced and any newcomer didnt have any fun at all).For game itself: strategy and hacknslash battles, many units that are separated to ""rock/paper/scissors"" types, 5 tribes of units which separates by abilitys and strength (balanced), 7 heros with totally different fight styles (balanced), point to point strategy: just like in Warhammer, units rise their levels (till lvl 3), heros buys abilitys and cunsumables, lack of maps (for my taste) but with different design (same map but in different *light* ... or rain :D), Back story/Overture for Guilty Gear bestseller (Xrd).Overall: Im fan of GG story and i like strategys... which make me huge fan of this game and so my personal taste migth not be helpful to you: but i love this game. Its totally different from regular fighting series of Guilty Gear but it contains crucial story connections and offline play pays off for those who dont like strategys (you can check ""organ assist"" for singleplayer, which makes this game MOBA).Right now, game is in ""development"" state... its far from original (X360) in quality, please: dont judge it by graphic for now."
,Recommended,437000,22182749,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Subbey,"Just started playing it and i'm already in love with it, the graphics could be better but i could ignore that considering this is a port of a early 360 title, the gameplay is really good nothing original but still.I personally would recommend a controller because i really don't know how you could play a game like this without..Overall nothing bad to say so far... but i think its kinda stupid that you need to press ALT+Enter to play fullscreen i mean it just took a quick Google search but i wish it would be a little bit more obvious"
,Recommended,437000,22244549,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,I wanna die,Press left stick to play beyblades with walls 10/10 must buy game of 2016
76561198076028955,Recommended,437000,24683015,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blackgenma,"RTS + FIGHTING GAMEseveral selectable characters (7) with unique armies (5). two character share armies with another character but their play style is still really different.really robust combat system and lot's of micro managment.ever play a multiplayer game where you look at the screen blankly and ask ""well, now what?"" for 3 seconds and it costs you the match?get this game if you like that. lot's of brain power required to play. fun stuff.biggest con of the game is the community is very thin. beware of that."
76561198058738714,Recommended,437000,24113116,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,「Broaby」,One of the most underrated games I've ever played.
,Recommended,437000,26445817,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,☯GhostwarriorATK☯,"Pros>-History{tells what happened between core plus and GGXRD}-Great graphics{you can use control panel if you are not convinced and are great.Nvidia or AMD}I had no problems with putting the game in full screen With alt + enter.-others{innovative gameplay for franchise, 2p split screen, subtitles in many languages.}Cons>Online. you obviously need friends."
76561198391482371,Recommended,437000,33695701,Posted: 21 July,all,ManBearPig,not bad
,Recommended,437000,22240821,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,cool stranger,"Unique and very deep gameplay. It's like a 3rd person action rts. Aside from controlling your character (which is already complicated because you need to utilise combos and items) you also have to buy and command your units. Each character has its own units (except for 2 characters who use other characters' units, but there's enough variety) and its own abilities. I don't know how good the balance is and I haven't tried online because i'm♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game is interesting and of good quality so i'm gonna recommend it.oh and the pc port blah blah quaity blah blah bad whatever its gonna get fixed ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,437000,22190464,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,max_bloom = 999
,Recommended,437000,22523553,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Leela,
76561198060837447,Recommended,437000,22169976,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CyberRank10,Now imagine if they made this with the unreal engine Xrd Graphics!
,Recommended,437000,22190188,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Guilty Complex,A game so good it doesn't even let you quit.
,Not Recommended,437000,22197152,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,AOD_Spore,"This game displays all controls for Xbox 360 and does NOT tell you the PC controls. I had to look in a settings file in order to find the controls themselves and couldn't complete the first tutorial because the button ""A"" is the equivalent of J on the keyboard. This is a huge problem that a lot of games have had for the last half a year now and I think PC optimization is required if you're going to release a game on PC. Thank God for Steam Refund."
76561197967668421,Not Recommended,437000,22216484,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Feanor,"EDIT - Just a heads up that I played this game on Xbox 360 in June 2009 and my play hours listed are nowhere near indicative of my Experience with it.I collect Action RTS games and wish they were not a niche genre.  Unfortunately, not even that could get me to enjoy Guilty Gear's venture into the genre.  Which is a shame because I tried really hard to like it.  This game borrows a few things from DOTA, but the fact that you can build and command units sets it into Action-RTS hybrid territory.MAPS: This games takes the map design from DOTA a little too literally, translating poorly for an action game.  You get the same 3 to 4 tight corridors for you and your units to march in.  But you, as a hero unit, need to be able to move much more quickly, so there is a dash mechanic in which you ""anime ninja dash"" through these tight quarters.  If you bump into an enemy, or hit a wall, you crash, and crash hard.  It makes something as simple as changing lanes a nightmare.  This is the reason I dislike the game more than anything else.Units: You can build units with Rock Paper Scissors properties.  A lot of them have really cool designs and they communicate with you when they encounter enemies, and let you know if they have an advantage or not.  Other than that, they trade hits with each other like Dynasty Warriors, and its your job to support them.  Unlike DOTA ""creeps"" are helpless units with 1HP that cancel each other out and only exist to capture Ghosts (resource nodes.)  Its boring, but non-intrusive and effective.  In order to command them, you have to go to an entirely different screen called The Organ, where you can build and command units.  This means you have to leave to a safe area before you can issue commands.  Its clunky and frustrating.Music: I only bought the game for the soundtrack.  Daisuke Ishiwatari once again put away the drum machine and got a live drummer for the character tracks.  However, you won't hear most of it in the game.  Generic synth orchestras play through most of the story, one ""encounter"" song for when hero units clash, and a handful of metal songs to go with some important moments.  Do yourself a favor and actually listen to the attached OST, and hear what you’re missing!Hero Units: The game leans a bit too far into Dynasty Warriors.  Each hero unit can pull off some long, absurd wombo-combos, and characters from the fighting games have their moves retained.  But these can be time consuming, to the point of being tiresome.  They pull your eyes away from the overall battlefield and unit status.  To traverse long distances, you can ""anime ninja dash"" through the area, but like I said in Maps, its easily the worst part of the game.Story: I enjoy the story very much.  And if you like Guilty Gear's story and setting, this is the game that FINALLY pulled the story out of the quagmire that GGX2 set.  GGX2 was so done to death that it can be summarized of every character telling every other character ""get out of my way.""  GG2 takes places a few years after GGX2.  The world is running out of meaningful bounties to hunt, as Gears go extinct (or so the world thinks), so bye-bye Bridget and Jam (finally!)  Ky goes through some big changes, and steps aside for a new main character, Sin.  Gears replace bounty hunters as the focus of the story, revealing they have their own communities and beliefs toward the world.  And the source of Magic in the world of GG is revealed.  Sol's nemesis, That Man, reveals hints at Sol's destiny, and a new tragic villain, the first Valentine, is revealed. And there is one EPIC finally battle in which Sol finally rises up and shows us why he is the main character of the story.   Its enough, at this price, to justify a single playthrough.I think that the developers, like most who want to venture into the cursed, obscure Action RTS genre, thought they were the first to come up with an Action RTS hybrid, and not look at the graveyard of such games that it left behind.  Battlezone and Sacrifice were wonderful games that nobody bought.  Instead we have this mess of a game that can't compete.  If you want to play one of the best Action RTS games from this era, play Brutal Legend instead.  It resolves every major problem I have with GG2."
76561198175940870,Recommended,437000,22175818,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,18 + + DLC,need better graphic and  need more female character !!!! game is cool =peace
76561198042008024,Not Recommended,437000,22244547,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Enzie,Running is like trying to drive a stick of butter.
76561198080845594,Not Recommended,437000,24504042,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,dawnite,If only they have some setting for the display
76561198057309436,Not Recommended,437000,32736090,Posted: 24 June,all,HardRevenge,Getting this for the soundtrack by Ishiwatari Daisuke. I don't think this game has aged well though.
,Not Recommended,437000,22175547,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ThatSovietHype,"The only real reason I bought this is soundtrack.Optimization is rather bad, and why in the gods name graphics change quality based on me locking on and off from an enemy? Plz fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ while I enjoy the ost."
76561198110369560,Not Recommended,437000,26397706,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Durance,no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019095227,Not Recommended,437000,22203658,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sirfer1,waist of money
76561198081990045,Not Recommended,437000,33029020,Posted: 30 June,all,xolodilnikus,Diablo-like game.
76561198085436034,Recommended,437000,22236707,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,RinDa Wanz,' Real Time Strategy (RTS) X 3D Battle Action 'Truly original game style . .Thanks for awesome OST Daisuke Ishiwatari . .God bless ARCSYSTEMWORKS for port this game to pc . .
,Recommended,437000,22283612,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,mAce,"One of the most unique games you'll ever play.The music is great, the story is interesting and adds a lot to the Guilty Gear lore, and the gameplay is interesting.If you're a fan of Guilty Gear, or you just want something entirely new, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,437000,22280110,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Blue Devil,"Oh yeah, some classic Guilty Gear RTS."
