user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197992913271,Recommended,437220,22091206,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Folv,"My Experience Playing The Culling: Story Of A Martyr-Joined a duo game (team mode) with friend-Friend immediately says he has to leave to go hide eggs (for Easter)-I panic, but reluctantly take his gear and recycle them for FUNC (currency for crafting/loot)-I wander the map hearing distant cries and screams of fallen warriors in the distance-I manage to build myself up an arsenal of C4, Survival Spear, Body Armor, a Javeline and a Back Pack-While wandering, I happen upon a man running from two purple mohawked hooligans-Us solo players who have lost a teammate have to stick together, so I run to his aid tossing my javeline into the back of one of the assailants-A brawl breaks out, one mohawk came after me and the other went charging towards the other solo player-We both manage to kill the Mohawked hooligans, so I look at him and procceed to do the block shake (there is no way to communicate in this game, so holding your weapon up to block and shaking wildly is the only primitive way to convey a message)-He seems to understand, takes the loot, and we part ways-Later in the match 4 of us end up getting forced into the middle of the map as gas closes in around us, one of which was the man I saved earlier and the two others were a duo team-A brawl lasting 2 minutes of poking, dodging, and running commences, I manage to kill one of the duo players but it was clear my unofficial buddy was losing the fight-My unofficial buddy and I both end up running and hiding in the same area, where he proceeds to pull out a stick of dynamite and light it-I prepare myself to dodge the explosive and gouge his brains out... but before I could engage him he looks at me... nods his head... and runs off into the arena-All I heard was an explosion leading to the violent screams of two players. Next thing I know VICTORY lit up in a yellow hue pops up on my screen-I cry every time----10/10 would mercilessly profit off of an unofficial buddies martyrdom again"
76561197969136584,Not Recommended,437220,31032400,Posted: 8 April,all,Migz,"I bought this game 13 months ago, almost exactly. For the first month and a half I owned this game, it was life changing. I put in 250 hours relatively quickly. The combat was simple, yet complex. The movement was fluid; you could strafe and out maneuver opponents. Shoving worked, most of the time. 1v1s were highly dynamic. Then, it all changed.There was a big update around the beginning of the Trials era. I forget exactly what it did, but I remember the combat getting worse and worse after every patch. The movement as well. It felt like the game slowed down.I stopped playing.One year later, I saw this game auto updating in my library. I figured hell, this game was so good. Could have been revolutionary. I owe it to myself to see what they've done. Afterall, it's still early access (Over a year later, don't get me started).Somehow, it got even WORSE. The graphics are better, I guess. Your character moves even slower than before. The blocking and shoving is all messed up to me. You turn yellow now? I guess it makes you weaker if you mess up a swing and they block, or a shove. All my favorite airdrops are gone. They are all generic now. I used to run around chucking dynamite. Others would dress as Leatherhead and have the chainsaw drop. Was hilarious...well, used to be.My friend and I used to duo all the time, after work, every night....for 3 weeks.I'd never try to return this game. I probably couldn't if I wanted to. Those first couple months are something special and I'll keep this game just to remember that. Afterall, I only paid 10 or 15 bucks for it. It was when it first got popular. Now I think it's 30? Don't. Just don't. There are like 50-100 people on at a time max. There's a reason for that too.I'll never understand why the devs sabotaged this game. I don't know, it has to be extremely tough being a developer and running a team for a new groundbreaking video game. Maybe they just overthought everything. If that was the case, though, you'd think they'd start learning to take feedback from the community. I don't know, I don't get it.RIP best FFA Hunger Games-Style arena mosh I've ever played for 2 months. Maybe we'll meet again one day."
,Recommended,437220,21631008,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ChillQuill,"This review is for the current version of the game(3/4/16)What is The Culling?The Culling is a first person, survival multiplayer game. You play as an unfortunate individual who has been chosen to be a contestant in a bloody and brutal last-man-standing gameshow. You will attempt to craft, kill, and survive your way to victory and get some cool rewards along the way!Positives:The game looks gorgeous.Most animations are very well done.The game runs like butter 99% of the time thanks to UE4!The playable area is a pretty good size, and there's plenty of buildings, crafting supplies and loot for everyone.There is a drop system that rewards you after every game. Winning nets better loot.The handling of most weapons feels smooth and natural.The perk system allows for you to apply 3 different modifiers to yourself, letting you customize your playstyle.Load times are pretty quick.Combat is well thought out for the most part. Everything has a counter if you're skilled enough.This game doesn't take a lot to run, has pretty low minimum requirements for a 2016 game.Knocks H1Z1's Battle Royale out of the water, and it's cheaper.The crafting system allows for more interesting fights throughout the match.The game is par for the course on graphics options, and you can rebind every key!Airdrops, random events, and a smartass announcer make each game interesting and a little different.The time limit is perfect(20min), allowing players time to plan ahead, prepare, stalk, craft, or whatever they want.You can customize your character to a limited extent, but there are many different clothes you can get.The map gets smaller over time so that players can't just hide2win.There are plans for a ranked mode, so more hardcore gamers can compete!The game currently uses EasyAntiCheat, which is actually pretty good despite what some people say.The devs are very active and open. Future plans, bugs, fixes, and more are available.The game has quite an impressive amount of weapons.You can play alone or with a buddy!Negatives:Some weapons need to be rebalanced.Despite the large playerbase, sometimes you'll be in the queue for up to 10mins.The game is currently locked at 62fps.There is occasional lag/hiccups in online multiplayer. (Both network and FPS)Sometimes the game won't connect to the online servers at all.There is currently no ingame voice chat, though this may not be a negative for some.The usual alpha bugs are present, it effects some people more than others. (Crashing, disconnecting, errors, not starting, etc) I personally have encountered very few of them.So is it worth it?If you currently like H1Z1's Battle Royale, or used to like it and then broke away because of Daybreak's recent shenanigans, then I can easily recommend this game to you. This is a game designed for replay value, which means you'll absolutely get your $15 worth out of it. 20 minute matches means you don't have to commit to long play times, you can hop in and play a match and then hop off! Every match plays out differently and will keep you on your toes, so getting bored won't be a problem if you're someone who likes these types of games. In my opinion, $15 is a steal for a game like this.(Did you like this review? If so, please vote it up! Feel free to add me and check out mySteam Group.)"
,Recommended,437220,22309717,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Buddaz,"In my 6 years of having steam and 136 games... This is my first review.I'm gonna tell you a little story.- I queue in solo since none of my friends were online- Entering the game I find myself in a box with some airholes- The box opens up and I run around frantically looking for some sort of weapon- The first thing I see is a rock so I pick it up- I see a person running and I run within 10 yards of him and he too has a rock- This unknown black man just drops his rock- I too drop my rock- He throws a defensive boxing posture- I too throw a defensive boxing posture- We both nod- Apparently this is sign language for ""I'm cool bro""- We find ourselves near a building that appears to have not been looted yet- I open up the first set of lockers and find an Alarm Gun, a gun that marks a target- We see a person on the second floor of the building- I hit him with the alarm gun and he pepper sprays me- I go in that defensive boxing position while my unknown black friend pummels him from behind- Unknown black man to the rescue, I knew at this point we were meant to stick together- I regain my vision and we both pursue him to continue the can of whoop♥♥♥♥♥we have just released on him- This continues to be the common theme, we run into a person by themself and surround them- The timer is at 4 minutes and there is still one other person left besides us- We find him in the outskirts close to the gas that is on it's way to kill all of us- We kill this man in the same fashion we did to the others- As the gas gets close he looks at me- I drop all of my stuff and point my fists at him ready for a fair boxing match to the death- He drops all of his weapons and backs up slowly into the poisonous gasses- I hear coughing in the distance- The words Victory pop up- He sacrificed himself to save mePlease be friendly to the unknown black men you find in The Culling, they're very misunderstood."
76561198254004950,Recommended,437220,21846694,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,JoshSto,"This game just gave me the most memorial moment i have ever had in any video game. I just spawned and got pretty lucky with finding a tier Three weapon really quick. as i was looting a player named Suicidal Chicken showed up. I knew i was going to win the match because my gear was far Superior than his. But what i found to come is he did not want to fight he wanted to be freinds, I threw down a man Tracker to gain his trust and then for the rest of the match we went and doubled team other players until we had amazing supplies. As the game was nearing the end we killed the last of the other contestants, we both threw all out weapons down and just looked at each other. As the gas was closing in on us he threw down a claymore and tried to kill his self. As he did i vigorously shoke my head no in disaproval, i grabed a shord and threw it in front of him so he could kill me. But he just shoke his head no and then ran into the gas and killed him self and i won the game. As he was running in to the gas i found my self yelling at the computer for him not to do it. We did not speak one word to each other but because of this game me and him had a weird connection and both had an amzing game.keep up the great work with this game so i can have more experiances like the one posted above."
,Recommended,437220,21777885,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SovietWomble [ZF],"Surprisingly impressed by this game.Despite being another ""survival early access game"", it plays anything but. It's setup as a Battle Royale game-show, complete with Borderlands'esk Claptrap-style commentary, directing a group of 16 men to gather weapons or craft improvised ones from the game area. The rounds last around 18 minutes, with a steadily shrinking play zone forcing all contestents to the centre with only one making it out alive.What impressed me the most was the depth of the combat. It's not simply a case that ""the guy with the gun is king"". Melee weapons smack ranged ones out of the user's hand within the first few moments. And turning your back for a moment allows your opponent double damage in a backstab. Meaning contestents circle each other swinging, blocking and throwing blades/poisons at each other to get an edge. It always feels like you're learning something new each fight.  And I've seen heavily-armed new players quickly defeated by experienced ones armed with only sticks!Highly recommend so far. Provided they keep adding content and don't try to break what they have, I think we'll haev a gem."
,Recommended,437220,21696622,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,My Name Jess,Please don't abandon this game like most early access games devs
76561197997447495,Recommended,437220,21698581,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Armydog205,"Great game.  A good reminder that some game devs still have souls, can't wait to see what it turns into.  PLEASE DON'T ADD MICROTRANSACTIONS PLEASE..."
76561198031375196,Recommended,437220,21731046,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dreevild,"-Someone shot me with an alarm gun.-Somehow managed to befriend him using cavemen sign language.-Some guy heard the alarm and attacked us. He died.-Another poor soul heard the cry of my 'alarm' and attacked us. He died.-Me and my newfound friend were well happy.-As a show of respect I gave him a backpack I just looted.-As my friend put on his new and shiny backpack, I walked behind him and stabbed him to death.-That's what you get for shooting me with an alarm gun."
,Recommended,437220,21926550,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ƊƛƦƘ ƝЄƇƦƠƝ,"My Experience with ""The Culling"":- Spawned in a dark scary cage- I got 5 points for collecting a bunch of bones- Collected a ton of human remains for a loot drop- I ordered a supply crate- Cursed the delivery drone- ""5 minutes later"" I got my supply crate- Got a useless supply crate full of medical stuff- Saw a airdrop from another player- The player got a chainsaw and killed someone- I ran away- A player saw me and stalked me with a knife- He lost me and i found a weapon- ""10 minutes  left"" The arena is shrinking- I ran in the middle of the map- I saw two other players fighting- One player died- Heard the chainsaw guy coming- Prayed to Lord Gaben and some other random gods- Chainsaw guy saw me- Chainsaw guy tryed to kill me- Chainsaw guy ran out of fuel- I killed chainsaw guy with my spear- I felt like a unstoppable monster!- Someone shoot me with a gun- I died- Got an 0.03$ market item- I used the exit button- Went to the store page- Typed some words into the review box- Store page asked me ""Do you recommend this game?""- I pressed the ""Yes"" button"
,Recommended,437220,21975916,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Patch,"BEST GAME EVER!*Met a dude,*Killed a guy who hurt him* We jumped.. bonded.*Gave me a medkit for my troubles, I gave him an alarm gun*Went on his way.*Met him later on with his teamate*We all jumped*Found my teamate*Eventually found the friendly duo again*Gave them remote explosives,*Jumped*They got into a fight with another team*We helped kill them*More jumping/sharing gear*Healed up, all ran around the middle*I ordered an airdrop, Javilins*Shared the fourtune*They got attacked on the airfield*We assisted, orginal jumpers friend dies*We kill the ones who killed him*Jump more*I share medkit with the sole surviving jumper*We jump towards middle*PHASE 1 CLOSURE*Find the last guy*We all kill him*Last jumper looks at me and my teamate from ontop of the middle*Jumps for the last time*Blows himself up with the remote explosives I gave him*Gives my teamate and I our first win(love you jumper bro)10/10 best game for battle royal and unlikely friendships without VOIP"
,Recommended,437220,22097030,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Seelvor,"I was alone in the hot, bug infested forest. Trudging through the swampy area as I saw an airdrop buzz by overhead. I was poorly armed with nothing but 2 medkits and a crowbar, so I really needed the supplies. I followed it all the way to the airdrop where I saw the man take a compound bow, a bowie knife and an impact grenade out. That guy was a walking armory and that only made me wanna kill him more.Stalking the man a bit more, I tried to look for a moment to strike... Then I saw him toss his grenade, a moment later I saw a naked black man fly through the air from the explosion, screaming in pain as the armed stranger charged him. I knew that the black guy was a new player since he had no equipment or weapons, nor did he have any clothes. So I took pity.Gripping my terse, rusty shaft in hand, I dashed out of the bushes and nailed the assailant square in the back of the head with a fully charged crowbar swing, pounding his occiput a few more times before he finally caught on, leaving the black man to slink away into the grass as I took on Rambo head to head. It was a tense battle, but ultimately, my surprise attack had damaged him too much for him to hope of recovering, so I bested him with a decent amount of health left.Looking into the distance, the bloodied and bruised newbie crawled back out to confront me. He swaggered from side to side as if to size me up as I just coldly stared. I didn't want to hurt him, and he obivously didn't want to try to pick a fight with me... Not when I was the one with combat experience and also a weapon.Before the man finished examining me, however, some maniac with a machete ran in from off screen. Eyes fixed on my scared little friend as he cut a big chunk out of his torso, winding up for another hit that would have certainly ended the tortured man's suffering if it weren't for my swift actions.I deftly jumped in front of the blade, blocking it with my crowbar as I took on yet another psycho head on for the sake of this unarmed newbie. I was still hurt from my last brawl, and it showed. For the entire course of the battle, the deranged bladeslinger had more health and stamina than me, going into a heavily offensive playstyle as I struggled to hang in there. But then... An idea...After shoving my attacker away, I managed to quickly toss a medkit to my battered aquaintance. Hoping to god he'd figure out what to do with it as I struggled to not die. My hp was near 10 at this point as I clung to life by a thread. Just before my attacker delivered my own killing blow, I see someone leap from the hill next to us gripping a rock, bashing the machete weilding lunatic a few times in the back of the skull. It was the black guy. Full health and all.After my new friend bravely took the battle into his own hands, I took a moment to regain some stamina before bludgeoning our mutual enemy to death. After all the bloodshed, we looked up at each other. He didn't look scared this time, as I offered him the machete that almost killed both of us, as well as a backpack and some pepperspray. He gladly accepted and we traveled together to heal at a station.Arriving at the station, I healed first. Then I went to scout ahead for a brief moment. Merely moments after I reached the top of the hill I was scouting, I hear very close screams of pain as the snide announcer told me some guy was gored by a spear. I ran back down the hill in a panic, I had no idea what had happened. When I came to the site, I saw a man with a strange bug-mask panting breathlessly as he held a blood dripping pike...The corpse at his feet was my new friend...I felt no feeling after that, exept for pure, unbridled, boiling rage. And I saw no colors but red.With reckless abandon, I leaped on the dirty friend-killer. Hacking away with a Bowie Knife as he tried to escape. But I didn't let him. I slashed and diced, butchered and mangled until all that was left was a quivering, miserable pile of meat and blood at my feet. I didn't feel happy though. No, no.I was still thirsty.Another faceless nobody charged at me after hearing all the pleads of mercy, flinging a few arrows my way that whizzed past my head within inches, but I didn't flinch or waver. I charged head on, tossing a crowbar square at his nose and breaking it. Afterwards I gave the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a lesson in manners. In my grief fueled stupor I gutted him like a squealing pig, I hardly had time to revel in my artful slaughter as ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ charged me.After getting nailed with a few tossed spears, I struggled around with the vulture, finding a pepperspray bottle on the ground and perfectly seasoning the ♥♥♥♥er's eyes. Sending him to the grave with a few deft backstabs as I tried to heal at the healthstation.Then another guy showed up.For chrissakes...I immediately knew I wasnt going to win this, but I managed to quickly fall behind a rock and use my other medkit, restoring all my hp and yadda yadda yadda I won.After all that, I look up at the scoreboard. There was only one guy left, and he had 0 kills. But I didn't care. I didn't care about any of that. I went off in search of him using a mantracker. And after a few tense minutes of hunting, I found him. He was slowly walking out from behind a tree as I examined him. He was of moderate build... Dark skin... A backpack... A... Machete...?He looked at me without a hint of fear as he just danced left and right. As some primitive sign of friendship. It was ACTUALLY him.I sat there astonished as I realized I mistook the corpse in the forest as my friend. And then it settled...We were the only ones left.I didn't know what to do, I was overjoyed that the man I saved was actually surviving... But I was crushed because there can only be one victor. I tossed my weapons down and looked at him, hoping he'd realize what was going on. And he did. He took my pepperspray and blasted it into my eyes, I sat there awaiting death in the darkness... Waiting... Waiting... Waiting...I regained vision and looked around... He was gone? I searched around for a bit until I saw him again. He was tampering with a gas valve, and then activated it. As the gas alarms went off, he just stared back at me. He didn't try to run away from the gas... It hit me what he was doing.Before I could stop him or save him, he fell dead at my feet. He had given his life so I could bask in glory. But there was no basking. It was dark, shady and the air had a thick macabre vibe looming about. I won. But at what cost? I watched my only friend die twice. And I can't even avenge his name this time. He truly died in vain...10/10 would draw tons of drama from an arena game again."
76561198044313620,Recommended,437220,29436334,Posted: 22 January,all,Little Jerry Seinfeld,"Can all Australian players, please select the OCE server under settings. Currently we're being put into Automatic servers which are American. Thumbs up so other players can see"
,Recommended,437220,32678234,Posted: 23 June,all,HaNZeN,"To the people in europeDon't buy this game, i did for summer saleit said 9 people online in europe, when i entered the game and you need to be 16 for a game.in other words, you wont be able to find a game to play, for the lack of peopleI'm making this rewiew to warn people from wasting money."
76561198077998973,Recommended,437220,21690190,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,okeefep1,"pros-hunger games clone, beautifully done-guns are nowhere near as common as the steam trailer shows, which i like. theyre very rare and have few bullets-resource/crafting system is fun and awesome-maximum game length is like 25 minutes which i also like, doesnt take an hour of prep time-physical combat is rock paper scissors-like and really intense-huge variety in builds/perks/playstyles you can choose-i just really love this game, good job devsconshonestly the only cons i have are wanting more to the game. not that it needs it, it's already tons of fun. i just want more maps maybe and maybe some weather/animal effects? whatever, i trust the devs"
,Recommended,437220,21702046,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,-ka7,"A simple Battle Royale / Hunger Games clone in a nutshell, and it's done perfectly.Highly recommend. And bring a friend!TIPS for new players: Put on the Surprise Me! airdrop and focus on that for the first several games as you learn the ropes and learn the map. You likely won't win many games for a while, but once the mechanics click, you'll have a blast destroying people.Pro's:-No Pay2Win-Everyone starts Evenly (aside from perk choices/airdrop choice)-All perks unlocked from start (airdrops are unlocked through playthrough, though)-The map is a great size for the 16 players-Random spawns for players and loot keep things interesting while map awareness leads you to higher chance of good loot-Simple crafting system that is somewhat complex but easy to get a hold of with no menu's to fiddle around with-If you are unfortuneate, you can use said crafting system to somewhat catch you up to fight more fortuneate players-Melee combat is simple but interesting, and you can actually win against someone with a better weapon than you if you're skilled at it-Guns are few and far inbetween, typically 0-2 guns per round, making the rest of the combat fun-Character outfit customization is via random rewards after each match, whether win or lose.-Said outfit rewards can be sold on the Steam Marketplace, especially rare ones. Have so far made back $7.00 by selling outfits I don't wantNeutral:-Not complete FFA, there is no 'Alliances', but that would probably make the game imbalanced anyways (fixable after voice added)-No Voice Chat (after playing for a bit, I'm not sure if it needs one or not anymore, since teaming up would become very unfair to others.)-Would like more random events in a match-Kinda want winning a round to give you something special, like a choice between 3 rewards or a new airdrop package-I think the Team mode should have the team fight it out at the end of the round until one member survives, last man standing after all. Would be fun.-Spectator mode could become something very interesting, like the spectators being able to call in airdrops/events with the FUNC they died with, while regenerating it over time or something-With above, the ability to join in and spectate matches already started and doing the same thing.Con's: (Most of this is already in the RoadMap)-1 map, really would like more variety (Confirmed more at later date, for free)-There isn't a custom lobby mode, for if you wanted to make a battle royale with just friends-Sometimes during loading of matches it can sort of freeze for a bit (could use more optimizations for the loading stuff, my SSD handles it fine but my friend can crash)-Guns need a slight damage nerf, as once you get one you are almost guarenteed a kill"
76561197966577182,Recommended,437220,21626658,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ExhumeD,"Having spent quite a few hours playing H1Z1 Battle Royal, I came into the closed Alpha ready to write this game off. However, I was pleasantly surprised. This game was smart in the sense that it took most people's complaints about the other BR game modes and fixed it. The length of the games are one of the most important changes imo. 20 minute games make it perfect to log in and play a few casually, not waiting or running around for 20 mins looking for people or waiting for the gas to push you in like in other BR modes.Positives+:*Custom character specs*Shorter games*Skill based combat*Crafting instead of mindlessly picking up guns*Having to earn better weapons*Roleplaying Hunger Games*Stamina so people can't spam run and jump non-stopNegatives-:*Still Alpha, so bugs and optimization issues will be present*Few weapon balancing issues*Personally think the arenas should have around 20-25 people instead of 16Not a lot to complain about so far, It's fun and if you like other BR games, this will be great for you. Pick it up!"
,Not Recommended,437220,30842087,Posted: 30 March,all,the,"used to be extremly fun, now its extremly garbage. I used to run a solid 60 fps, now I run 10. the only way they can fix this game is reverting to the old version"
,Recommended,437220,22123505,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sarahanne,"Really fun game but hard to run if you your computer isn't so good.If you have a really bad computer like myself, and get around 13 fps in game (which is rly bad) go toC:/Users/YourUser/AppData/Local/Victory/Saved/Config/WindowsNoEditor/GameUserSettings.iniand make sure to set AntiAliasingQuality, ShadowQuality and PostProcessQuality all to 0.By doing this, I was able to get around 29 fps (while windowed) which made the game a lot more playable.Also, you'll want to put all your settings to low, with maybe a few on medium!YOU'RE WELCOME BYE"
,Not Recommended,437220,31193801,Posted: 17 April,all,[IMGB] SheepNinja,"Dead game. Good ♥♥♥♥ing job Xaviant, you somehow ♥♥♥♥ed up one of the most promising BR games on steam.Go buy PUBG instead. Hell, even H1Z1 is better than this dogshit."
,Not Recommended,437220,30458418,Posted: 11 March,all,Captain Happy,"I don't know where to start now. I'm only here to complain about how the game has changed for the worse. It now lacks all the depth that it was really close to getting perfect. In the end they scrapped all the depth and now it's really bland and simple. Most likely trying to appeal to a larger audience? Maybe the same type of people that enjoy MOBAs or simple FPS games (do they even know their audience?). People bought this because of the depth and the amazing sense of reward when you defeat a single opponent.At first this game was an incredible new and original type of game. 16 people either everyone vs every, or 8 teams of two are all put on a relatively large map where you scavenge the environment and local buildings for weapons and utility to win the big battle royal. What I'm going to talk about is how combat used to be (good) and how it is now (not so good).The game is heavily based on melee combat, and it used to be really good. Melee combat used to work like rocks, papers & scissors. You can hit, block and shove. Hitting can be blocked (stuns the hitter), blocking can be shoved (stuns the blocker) and shoving can be overpowered by a hit. Alright well now you don't get stunned. If you hit someone who is blocking, then you don't get stunned so the game has essentially become a button mashing game. You don't have to try and learn an enemy's behaviour or read their movements or get used to the mind games they tried to play with you, you just have to keep mashing that mouse button until one of you dies. Maybe you can be strategic with your movement keys but you move too slowly to avoid something anyway so not really. It makes me sad to see how this has turned out and I hope it's just an experiment that has failed and will be short lived (although they left it for a couple of months now).Another big part of the game is that you chose 3 perks as  your own build. Before there used to be a LOT of perks. Now, not many. They had trouble balancing it I guess. Still, like I said, I thought they were close to getting it perfect. For those unknowing - Perks had features like:-Take less damage while wearing an axe-Drain foe's stamina when hitting them with a bludgeon-Make bleeds last twice as long on opponentetc etcBut man I don't blame them too much for taking away most of the game's perks - Now perks are mostly utility based and not that much combat based, but as I mentioned before regarding melee combat it's pretty abysmal.They also changed the User Interface completely to look more elegant and high budget but man it's buggy and it gets real ugly at times. This game is still Early Access so that's alright so far but it's stressful to move from a fully functioning game to this where anything that used to be simple requires 1 or 2 game restarts to work. For example, I can't change my appearance too much or the game will get a hissy fit and stop anything on the main menu from working - even the 'exit game' button stops working and you gotta ctrl alt delete your way out of there and hope it works when you start it up again. When I try to invite my friend to a party, the invite window just doesn't pop up, no error message, no warning, just nothing.Oh and also... Why does the game wipe all my clothes and emotes and weapon skins and all that stuff? Every time I try the game out again once per month or so?? I had some really nice and rare stuff like orange moustache balaclava, well it disappeared and LUCKILY I got it again by coincidence from a chest, but then I tried the game one month later and once again my progress was wiped. THAT is frustrating.I never thought I'd say it, but the developers seem like they're trying to be sellouts now. Instead of this really cool game with a ton of nice depth and brutality, it's not a very simple game where it's nice and easy for new people to understand it at first sight. The game blasted with popularity at first, they already earned their audience, and then they betrayed their fans by trying to take in new fans I'm guessing. The game has no punishments anymore. You get exp whether you lose or win, even if you kill yourself wihtin the 1st minute of a single match, you get exp. Combat is now mindless, only containing button mashing. The game is all about unlucking skins for weapons and clothes etc so they spent tons of development time making so many skins and I couldn't really care less personally. There were quite a lot before anyway and nobody looked the same, it was fine man. All that time could've been spent fixing the UI at the very least.Anyway, the worst offender for this game is how the combat works now, really, I tried about 3 matches and it was impossible to find it entertaining no matter how I tried. I'd love for it to work the same as it did before, but that would make the game too difficult I guess. I'm waiting for the new underground developer to have the guts to make a new game with tons of depth like this one used to be.Thanks"
,Recommended,437220,21660744,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,38 PogKnight on Fernace789,"- Join team a duos game with a random- 14 people needing to get wrecked- We scavenge supplies for 5 minutes- Only 9 people remain (us 2 included)- We decide to go on the hunt- Teammate throws me his tracker phone- I find an enemy- 99 feet out- 73 feet out- 45 feet out- Hear sounds of people getting slaughtered- Only 6 remain (us 2 included)- We attack before a duo can recuperate- I pick up a kill- Partner picks up a kill- 4 people remain (we got this)- We start punching trees for branches- Turn branches into healing wraps- I finish healing myself- I wait patiently for partner to finish fisting a tree- An arrow ear-piercingly zooms right over my right shoulder- I turn around and without looking I 360 YY no scope ladder stall across map handstand backflip drag scope the archer with my compound bow- Go over to the archer's dead fly infested body to gather some arrows and other supplies- ""Your teammate has been slaughtered by a spear!""- Heart breaks in 2- I begin to type ""I'm.....so sorry.....my friend.....""- A combat spear rips through my back puncturing my internal organs causing blood to splatter on the on the body of my once great friend- With my last dying attempt to revenge my fallen brother I pull out my machete- My worst enemy stands 5 feet before me- An emotion i've never felt before hits me like a bullet train- With the feel of deep deep sorrow I drop my machete- Enemy slowly walks over- Slits my throut- Game over- 10 / 10 never cried so hard in my life- Whoever you were, where ever you may be buddy..... just know, that i'm deeply sorry. I will never forget you. The balaclava I recieved for that game I will equip in memory of you. I will continue to wear it until my days on this Earth are over.In all seriousness, get this game!!!"
76561197990464572,Not Recommended,437220,28773245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zeusmc,"Hello everyone, this review is mainly a reply to a review made by Remin (which is a well-built review and has good points on why to buy the game). The purpose of this review is the give you a couple of reasons of why people are negative about this game nowadays (Went from overwhelmly positive review to mixed ones, with recent review being negative).Remin : I do appreciate your feedback and indeed, its a great one. People being negative (I am one of them) are hoping that the game gets better over time but feel like its getting worse. Basically, the game is not dead because people are still watching this game's development and really hope it gets to live to their expectations. If people are still active in reviews, its because they are still there... waiting.Since you are asking for details of why negative people gives negative review, here is a long post of the reasons. By the way, I have 350+ hours played in this game, so I don't talk based on opinions of others but on my opinion based on my hours played.1) Rock - Paper - Scissor game.Over the time, Devs developped weapons to deal in average 3 times the damage if you charge your attack (9 dmg not charged, 27 if charged). While I do understand that blocking now gives you the ability to deal 9 dmg, it's not worth trying to block because if you are shoved, you will get the 27 damage in your face. It's not balanced and so, people stopped blocking.In march - april - may 2016, if you blocked well, you did 27 dmg (not really that amount since the charged attack got really implemented in may-june if i recall correctly but you do understand the point). If you got shoved while blocking, you received 27 damage. Is that not balance?2) PerksI do agree that in march-april-may 2016, there were meta builds and you could not afford to not have a couple of perks, leaving 30ish unused. There were maybe 10 builds total, but it was at least 10 choices and each of them affected the way you play. (you could be the high speed runner, the backstabber, the bow user, the melee damager or the tank). At this point, people feel their choice doesn't impact as much the game and so, perks are boring. Perks must have an impact in the game. As an exemple, take ghost instead of flash (completely OP) in league of legend and you will play differently). Flash is almost always used... but they never dropped it.3) Bow playPeople new to the game felt they were getting too much destroyed by bows due to their damage and high utility. Bows required skill to hit in long range and felt rewarding headshotting someone 100m of distance. They made the quiver smaller and I agreed to that change. Altough, they reduced greatly the damage made by bows and made the aiming system so easy that it is not rewarding anymore to take a slot to carry a bow. You will have made max 20ish damage before hes in melee range. It destroyed completly the bow build.If you try to longshot them, they will have time to hide behind a tree and completely recover before you get 5-6 arrows in their face.4) Ranking systemIn june-july 2016, while the game had still a great fanbase and was played (too much) by pros/streamers, they lacked the implementation of a ranking system. Pro players that played 600+ hours (at that moment) destroyed newcomers and people stopped playing, feeling frustrated because they had no chance. There were always a pro in your game. They had enough players to make a small ranking system, now its too late due to the lack of players playing the game (missed opportunity).5) Devs not listening.In august 2016, a lot of people started complaining and asked that the game should be reverted to march-april 2016. Instead of asking why and trying to figure out how to get the game better, they started erasing comments in their forums (I've got 2 erased). That is a path to never take as developpers, since people starting hating the studio for not caring.6) Negative people are just negative people.Sadly, I will refer you to steamcharts (search steamcharts in google).In March 2016, average number of players : 4557 with peak of 12K.May : Avg 1470 with peak of 5K).Last 30 days : Avg 132 with peak of 300ish.Negative people are not dumb, they saw the trend and hoped that developpers would use the number of players as an indicator that they were going the wrong way...Isnt the number of players that play the game the best indicator of how it should be developped?I don't cover everything in this review and devs made great things (3 type of culmination structure, rarity items based on performance, lightning rounds, holograms, etc.In summary, I cannot recommend to buy this game for now. At this point, wait for the january major patch and watch steamchart to see if the number of players get higher. If so, that major patch was great and go have fun. If not, it just followed the trend and go play games similar to this one by competitors.PS : I might be banned or this comment might be erased. If so, well... you get the point of why you should not buy the game."
76561198035612819,Not Recommended,437220,22309060,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,T-Brock,"Culling WAS amazing. When the game first came out it instantly became one of my favorite games in my steam library of all time. But then the infamous combat update was released that literally ripped it's heart and soul out. What once was fast paced, heart pounding, skill demanding combat has now been replaced with a gear above all, button mashing ♥♥♥♥ fest. The game has essentially been boiled down to a dice roll as every match your success is now contingent on your spawn location and the value of the loot that spawns around you. Can't find a decent weapon? Well you're basically♥♥♥♥♥♥outta luck. Because you're evnetually going to run into someone who has a katana or sledge hammer, and no matter how much combat skill you have you're not going to be able to outmanuever the higher tier weapons. Before the combat patch, I would've given this game a 10/10. It literally consumed my life for the first couple weeks I played it. But after the combat update it is now a 4/10 imo. I miss the old Culling. If they ever decide to remedy these factors then I will gladly change my review to positive. But until then I cannot recommend this game."
76561198104219529,Not Recommended,437220,30856647,Posted: 31 March,all,Yoshi,"What can I say that hasn't been said by so many other players. When the game first started there was a huge community supporting the game and the dev team. The game itself was fast-paced, fun, silly and required some moderate survival/fighting skills. Then......the devs decided to ignore the community and the core of the game, just so they could  do their own thing. Well, we are here now in the 'Present', able to see the side affects of what the devs did. They killed their own game. Steam graphs show the player base is non-existent. Online forums show players begging for improvements, even offering suggestions....but nope. Each patch brings forth worst conditions for the game. In the end, this was just a money grab. Hopefully another compnay will realize the potential this battle-arena type game has and do it properly. GG The Culling, RIP."
76561198002733141,Not Recommended,437220,25888055,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IDENWIHAM,"The fan base ruined this game.Constantly hawking for more and more updates that completely changed it to trash.Everything is nerfed, no weapon is special and now the perks are gone.This just proves that cancerous communities shouldn't be incharge of products or their content.Cheers to the devs' though, they actually listened but they listened to the wrong type of people."
,Not Recommended,437220,32428501,Posted: 15 June,all,Geogaddi,Enjoyable game... HOWEVERI logged in today to find I was the only person on the European server...DO NOT BUYYOU CAN BARELY FIND A MATCH
76561198021154908,Not Recommended,437220,32002227,Posted: 27 May,all,Falleax,"You know when you leave a tray of cat food outside for the nice stray cats who live in your house's crawlspace, then it starts raining and you forget to take the tray back inside and the food gets all soggy and swollen? Then you dumb the bloated, wet food onto the ground without thinking so you can clean the tray and refill it with cat food. Then when you come back with the fresh food, the kittens are eating the disgusting mush off the mud and all you can do is sit on the porch and think about life.That's how this game's development went."
,Recommended,437220,21627083,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jeb Bush,After a long day of work it's nice to just come home and murder some people.9/10
,Recommended,437220,21637876,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dini,"Uninstalling H1Z1 worked after buying this game.10/10Edit:Never mind, this games' highest peak is 26 players. Devs, lowkey we all want our money back."
76561198104544073,Not Recommended,437220,26083734,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SexyGrandpa69,"About a year ago this game was fantastic! So much potential! There were different weapons, tools, and power-ups that could be matched with different perks that would create all kinds of interesting game dynamics and strategies. Since then they have underpowered and completely removed all of this so you're basically just running up and hitting each other with their ""rock-paper-scissors"" fighting, with very little strategy involved. It has become boring!If the developers can admit that they have wasted the past year ruining a great game and start over from there I will recommend this game again! Hopefully they arent too stubborn. Good luck!"
76561198013715677,Not Recommended,437220,30671047,Posted: 22 March,all,Jigsaw,"A wonderful guide on ""How To Break a Promising Game"""
,Recommended,437220,21716491,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Boner Breath,"You know that feeling when you're the last guy left in counter strike? yeah it's like that, but all the time. They should change the name from The Culling to The Clenching because your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is gonna have the density of a dying star by the time you're done playing this game."
76561198055483148,Not Recommended,437220,32489887,Posted: 16 June,all,Wirlis,"I was very excited when this game first came out. Sold some CS:GO skins for the $15.00 that was the culling early access. I remember trying to counter the mangler and submission builds that would drain your stamina in two hits. Or running from the players that would only run the sticks of dynamite. This was one of my most played games and I loved playing it with friends. Updates were necessary to hte game and some of them were very exciting but others broke the game for a week or so. I cant remember specificly when it happened but one of the ""Updates"" removed about half of the perks in the game because they ""Didn't fit into the meta"" even though they WERE the meta. I thought hopefully they will see the errors in their way and re-add all the perks they removed like they had in the past. But instead of this they killed the game with the final blow to the combat system. Hitting a block no longer staggered for a solid hit and the shove suffered the same fate.Whoever decides on these updates and path of the game: You are a massive idiot. This game was one of the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" games you could find in recent and overall. But instead of adding what your customers liked your vision for your own terrible game prevailed and you have run one of the best battle royale games on steam straight into the ground. I was very dissapointed that this dev team ruined this game. Hopefully this company will go under soon so a better game can rise from its ashes and be the game the community wanted it to be."
,Recommended,437220,21721400,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tcepsuS,"Pros:-Every game is nice and short-Drops are balanced-Nice visuals-Loading times are short (US)-16 people is just right♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun weapons to use-Cool wearablesCons:-Some performance issues-Combat kind of sloppy8.5/10 ""Would get it"""
,Not Recommended,437220,34297930,Posted: 16 August,all,𝓣𝓮𝓷𝓼𝓱𝓲✰,"What a shame, I really used to enjoy this game back when I first got it back in 2016. Now the game is dead, I saw about 22 people playing when I just had a look at it. You would be better off adding 5$ and buying PUBG. theres always a match to be found and you wait at a maximum of 5 seconds for a new game. This is a good example to watch Early Access Games carefully and the Devs to see how they handle their community, because these developers obviously dont have a good business practice. But what do they care, they already have our money. I hope people looking for a decent battle royale game reads this and turns away from this game right now. I would add 5$ to your wallet and buy PUBG, that game is well worth your money."
76561197972453979,Not Recommended,437220,34504096,Posted: 26 August,all,Bankroll Fre$h,"Please downgrade the game to the date of June 1, 2016!This was such an unbelievable good game.I had spent so much time in this game with my best friends.You just destroyed the game from patch to patch.And i think i can talk for the whole Community.Everyone would agree with me.If you downgrade the game, you will get such a hard comeback, you would never belive.I'm begging to you, please give us ""The Culling"" back!This version of The Culling doesn't deserve it, to get called ""The Culling"".Everbody says it. IT is though to admit faults and going back to a old version. Sometimes the tough decisions are the only ones. I am not touching the game as it is now - no way. The fighting system was brilliant. If u were better .. u won. No matter what. Then came issues with the pushing and blocking.. the loot .. every patch was almost always making things worse"
,Recommended,437220,23544767,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gelatin,"It is suprising to me that this game's reviews have gone so far downhill so fast. I see complaints on recent changes that I hadn't even noticed. I figured I might as well give my opinion on some of the issues that I see.The Combat - Many people are saying that the developers ruined the fighting style, and that it was better before. But in my opinion, it's the opposite. Before, the fighting used to be meaningless jabbing at people and the victor went to whoever could get more jabs in. Now, it is much more skill based, requiring you to know when to and when not to block, hit, and shove. It's not perfect, and still definitley needs work, but the great thing about this game is that you can tell the developers are still working. They fix issues that people report, making it a game still worth playing.The Bugs - Yes, it's true, there are a lot of bugs. But the thing is, there were so many more before. It's easy to forget that this game is early access, and it's easy to forget that the developers are still working. I used to run into so many rage-inducing issues before, and they've been fixed after being reported. There still are issues, but I have no doubt that they will be fixed.The Wait Times - Unfortunatley, this is the big one. This almost killed the game for me. For some reason I don't see a lot of complaints about this, which is extremely suprising. In a team match on the west coast servers, I have waited over 100 minutes multiple times before giving up. It makes no sense to spend two hours in a queue for a 15 minute game. You can either chose between these extreme wait times or somewhat shorter wait times but on servers with a 150+ ms ping, which also makes the game unplayable. If you're on east coast, this won't be a big issue for you, but I've also heard that Oceana servers can be bad.Optimization - I don't see it. No, the optimization isn't GREAT, but I can run this game on medium graphics, and my PC isn't necessarily the best.Bad Ping - You're probably in the wrong region if you're getting bad ping, because I can get around 30 in US West. But sometimes you have to be in the wrong region due to wait times, as mentioned above.Updates - Every single combat-changing update, as far as I can tell, has fixed OP combat styles. they change perks and weapons so that they're balanced out, so that winning takes skill instead of choosing the best perks and airdrop. The FUNC update was added so that you had to get kills to gain a lot of FUNC instead of just running around selling a bunch of stuff.TL;DR - The game is early access. And for early access, it's coming along very well. The developers are still engaged and constantly changing the bugs and issues, and plan to add much more. It has problems, but I have no doubt they'll be fixed before a full release. If I knew that the developers were not constantly fixing problems, I wouldn't reccomend it, because of the server issues."
,Not Recommended,437220,33977389,Posted: 2 August,all,Swedish Chef,2016 Best game i ever played2017 Worst game i ever playednow we have PUBGso it doesn't matter
,Recommended,437220,21957585,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,crab_f,"REALLY good game, I've had moments so intense in this game that I became breathless with numb hands. Really cheap too for the playtime it can provide."
,Not Recommended,437220,33512717,Posted: 13 July,all,Static2k,People in queue : 5Waiting time : 41:2410/10
76561198082966946,Not Recommended,437220,26274455,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dunning–Kruger effect,"Was once a great game.Rip The Culling 2016-2016EDIT:I wanted to explain  to people why the game died.This game was a very well made game, it was really fun and almost perfect, however, the developers of the game seemed like they wanted to show off their developing skills, so they made what they called it "" The Culling's first major update "".Instead of improving game, that update actually killed it, after it was released, people who used to have +60 fps on medium settings, started to have 5-15 fps on the lowest possible settings. I can also say that they also ruined the combat system, from an ""almost"" perfect system to the worst melee combat system in the history.They tried to fix what they did to the Frame rate issues, But they took their time to do it, After they finally released the fix for it, they found out that the game has lost its player base already.Still, and Untill this moment ( I suppose ) The combat system is not fixed yet ..And then more bad stuff came with time, such as OP perks, Metas such as Tank meta, and the one hit kill knife ..It's funny to mention that The Culling game died after it's ""First"" major update, and lost about +4000 daily players, down to about 400 daily players."
,Recommended,437220,22950218,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,DeerSlayer37,"A lot of people give this game flak about how the recent updates have been, but you've gotta understand one thing: this game isn't scheduled for an ""official release"" until March 2017. The development team has been listening to the community very well, and have constantly been tweaking gameplay, graphics, customizations, weapons, etc. They attempt different things to see how the community responds, and if it's negative they attempt to fix it. I have confidence that future updates will fix the errors that are currently visible.I also have a story of my favorite match thus far:It was a Teams match and my friend (who I was talking on Skype with) died fairly early. He egged me on to continue the match despite the early deficit. After escaping the team that killed him, I found Body Armor from a Green Crate, a Javelin from a Green Crate, a Stamina Shot, a Med Kit, and super luckily got an SMG from a Blue Crate.  I was able to craft 20 extra rounds for the SMG just before Phase 1's gas fully enclosed the center.The remaining players at this point were me, a random guy, and 2 teams. I decided to wait it out and let the other teams fight, but I was approached by a random player who was blocking. I shot him once with the Blowgun thinking that he was a threat, but he didn't chase me. I realized he was the other player whose teammate died and wanted to team up. We did friendly blocks and jumped, then heard the other two teams fighting. I took the Stamina Shot and we began rushing towards the battle.I ended up shooting 2 players down to low health and he cleaned up the kills, while the other 2 players died in the brawl from each others' teammates.We then headed to the center and threw all of our weapons away, both giving each other Med Kits to heal fully. We did one more agreement block and jump, then had a 1 on 1 fist fight for the victory. He ended up gaining the upper hand, and beat me squarely.The whole time I was laughing and enjoying the game for what it was, and for the fact that we were able to team up and acknowledge the gentleman's duel, even though we lacked vocal communication.After the match, we both said well played in the spectator chat and went our separate ways.If you're reading this, random guy, then thanks for being a great sport.TLDR; This game has loads of potential, but is not completely refined yet. If you just wanna have fun, I highly recommend this game. If you are super competitive, I still recommend it but all the mechanics are not finished being developed.Have fun!"
76561198012521708,Recommended,437220,28702053,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Remin,"Jan. 9, 2017 edit: For a while now, NA West queues have been put into NA East servers due to the smaller playerbase. If this is an absolute deal-breaker for any previous upvoters, I apologize for not previously including it. Current servers: NA East, Europe, Oceania (Though Oceania's avg. wait is 886 hours atm)Long review incoming, but that's because I'm gonna include counter-arguements to the many negative things people have been saying about this game, as well as talk about how patches have generally been improving the game, not making it worse like people seem to love saying.(I also recommend clicking this review or opening it in a new tab/window to make it easier to read due to its length)Extremely brief TL;DR: Game has generally been getting better, not worse. *Most* of the negative reviews are uninformative and don't say much other than ""game was better before"". It's in everyone's best interest not to judge the game based on lackluster reviews such as those.So first up, a basic overview on the current game mechanics.As you may already know, the game has rock-paper-scissors style combat. Block beats attacks (which includes a 50% damage reduction from the front against all ranged damage), shove beats block (allows for a full charge attack on the victim), and attacks beat shoves (attacking a shove with a jab/charged attack disables their actions for just long enough to get another jab in). The biggest change is the Dec 20th update, which removed the stagger from blocked people, but it still disables them for just long enough to safely get a counter-jab in if you're quick and back away before they try to get a jab-back. This may be harder to pull off with higher pings right now, but it's hard to realistically expect a big change to be perfect right off the bat. I talk more about the new block further down, so I'll stop here in regards to that.There are four wound types for each type of melee weapon: Blunt weapons cripple (great for hunting cowards), blades apply a bleed DoT, spears annihilate armor, and axes increase the damage of whatever next hurts them. In general, the better the weapon, the more severe the wound will be.Not much else to add that hasn't already been said in the game description. That said, the description hasn't been updated in a long time, so certain things aren't true anymore as of writing: Stun guns only in advanced tutorial now, bleed time increase perk gone, and airdrops can't be stolen in transit (they appear directly above the pads now, so it's still risky if others spot it and try to fight you for it)Now onto my thoughts on the majority of the negative reviews.Okay, it honestly hurts to see all these negative reviews about the game, especially with the recent Dec 20th block mechanic update (it's really not as bad as people think). I spent a good while reading the recent reviews, all the way up to around a month ago. Here are my thoughts on those reviews (and some of the updates in general), and why the most recent update is actuallygoodfor the game.So from what I saw, it seems like people think the game is getting worse with every update. For example, sure, there are far fewer perks now, but the many that were removed in the perk update a little while back weren't removed thoughtlessly. With how it was before, there were distinctly more powerful perks, and if you didn't go with whatever the meta perks were, you'd be at a clear disadvantage. So in a sense, there were actually FEWER perks when there were MORE perks in the game, due to how much better some were when compared to the others. No one would ever use anything else, so it was like the rest of the perks didn't exist. But now, with the heavily combat-influencing perks selectively removed, all of the remaining perks have uses now. Like they said in the patch notes for that particular update, they want fights to be decided on island, not in the perk menu. And despite perks being more balanced than they've ever been, people are still bafflingly hating on it. Maybe people are just salty that their meta builds are gone and can't handle needing to rely on actual skill now.Now about the recent December 20th block mechanic update.The short(ish) version is this: While blocking doesn't stagger anymore, it DOES still stop them for just long enough for you to safely get a single jab inas long as you attack immediately after their swing hits your block, and then back away a bit to avoid a potential jab-back.With the old blocking, there was a short delay before you could ready your attack after staggering someone with it (the delay was basically the ""parry"" animation, which now that I think about it, kind of acted like a buffer to give you time to start charging an attack). That delay is no longer there. That means if you want to counterattack, you HAVE to jab at them right around when their strike hits your block. You can't sit there for even half a second like you could before. I think the problem is that people were so used to the previous window of opportunity that they can't wrap their heads around the fact that it's much smaller now. It's definitely still there though.If the devs had added some variation of the above explanation into the patch notes, there'd probably be a lot fewer complaints about it, because it seems like a ton of people just can't figure it out themselves. Getting blocked is still punishing, but not at the price of a whopping 1/4 of your health anymore just for lightly poking a block. It honestly feels much better and less frustrating this way (and the combat is more active and lively without the hard staggers from getting blocked), people just need to understand how the new block works before crapping all over it like they're constantly doing right now. If it's all about who has the better weapon now like people are saying, then how am I winning more than half my fights with a freaking tree branch? And for the record, fists/rocks/sticks (a.k.a. tree branches) are tied for damage, inflict no wound types, and are the weakest of all ""weapons"" (and they evennerfedfist/rock/stick damage just a month ago, since they were a bit too close in stats to tier 1 weapons). I don't mean to toot my own horn here, but you really can't count on luck to win fights with those. I've even beaten people that had tier 3 weapons, the second strongest kinds of weapons in the game, with JUST A STICK (and maybe a little bit of crafted armor, 'cause that's always nice to have). Skill is still the major deciding factor in this game. People just need to more clearly understand how the new blocking works.Though, the current window of opportunityisprobably a bit on the small side for people with higher ping. But hey, that's what constructive criticism is for. Things aren't likely to be perfect in the first iteration of a big change. Rather than cry out for an immediate revert on something, give it a chance and actually THINK about how a change can be improved upon, and THINK about why there was a change to begin with. It's extremely unfair to just up and say something like ""Oh this game sucks now because it's not what I'm used to. Downrated!"". Those aren't the exact words people use, but it's heavily implied in the majority of the negative reviews I'd read, and most of them don't even offer any constructive complaints at all.All that said, I can say with confidence that the devs generally have a very good grasp on balancing things, and what works and what doesn't work. The game is in a far better place than in the past. And yes, they ARE listening to feedback. I don't think the game would even be in as good a place as it is right now without it. The game is still fun. It's more reliant on skill than it's ever been, yet people treat that as a bad thing? What the heck. If you loved the game like many of you said, please give it constructive criticism, not unhelpful hate."
,Recommended,437220,21668111,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Snootle,"Only items I find are 1 C4 and a Mantracker.Proceed to middle of map anyways.Someone called in and looted a supply drop earlier.Proceed to place C4 in said empty crate, totally looks like a gun from a little ways away.Last 3 other players are forced to middle, see said crate and start fighting over the ""gun"".They all run to the crate trying to get it first.3 kills and a victory screen."
,Not Recommended,437220,33609510,Posted: 17 July,all,RicoFrico,Get PUBG instead.
76561198073411359,Recommended,437220,21742587,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ФDeadEyeФ,"Best game I've played in a long time, and absolutely the best battle royale game to exist so far."
,Recommended,437220,21931175,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,şerefsiz torbacı gay semih,"> Woke up as a naked black guy with orange hair.> Found a stone.> Found another one and magically made a knife using two of them.> Went scavenging and saw two people fighting.> Killed both of them.> Won the contest.> Came home.> Bought and started playing The Culling.> The game was nice.Edit (serious short review):The game seems okay for now. The graphics are cool, the map is cool, the character customization is cool (idk why we can't make our characters female tho). My favorite things about it so far is the humorous announcer and the intense last 5 minutes of a match. I hope that we'll be able to play team match with more people, not just duo, in the future. I think you should buy this game :)"
76561198256909803,Not Recommended,437220,26528472,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DiRtY_Shaft,"Do not be fooled by the quick wit and cheap humor portrayed by the devs like so many before you oh weary purchaser. Listen first to a testimony from a seasoned veteran who wanted, neigh prayed that this game would become all that it set out to be and more. Alas, it has been to no avail as the devs have poisoned this game with foolish ""balance changes"" while devoted players far and wide watched as what was once a beautiful flower has withered into a pile of absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stripped of all customizability and strategy, the game has sought to become a battle royale with an emphasis on skill which has been ceded by a bunch of lame balance tweaks that lead to a boring and annoying gameplay experience. It pains me to do this to one I once loved, but it is for the best interest of the entire library that The Culling is uninstalled in the hopes that its cancer doesn't spread to a number of other lovable titles. Yours truly - Dirty Shaft"
,Recommended,437220,21627113,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Luke,Puts H1Z1 Battle Royale to shame!!!!
,Not Recommended,437220,30695246,Posted: 23 March,all,Ebolaids,Too bad they scrapped the great stuff for the simple stuff.
,Recommended,437220,21894262,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,i want to die,Wanted a good battle royaleBought H1Z1Thought battle royale was okayBought The Culling(1 game later...)*Uninstalls H1Z1*8/8 Would uninstall H1Z1 again
,Recommended,437220,21626774,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,JDM,"Walked into a house, found a claymore, placed it down, walked outside. someone starts stabbing me, i bolt for the house, jump over claymore. he runs in, it explodes, he flies out the backdoor, i walk outside to finish the job. BEEP BEEP BEEP. someone made a gas container explode, i watch as the gas murders the first guy and then try to run. I get poisoned, shot, stabbed, pushed, and as im throwing up i die. I got a pink cowboy hat. 10/10 best game"
76561198042186757,Recommended,437220,22784038,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Utua,"I remember when I first saw this game on the steam market. This game opened up a new era. I have spent many hours in it as per this review, but it is not holding up to its standards anymore. This game used to be wonderful. The updates the developers have been putting out are slowly ruining the combat, and there have been many claims that it gets better with each update. This does not seem to be happening. I constantly die to to being pushed, then hit, then pushed, then hit. I am defenseless. My friend and I have tested this in real life. He held his arms up in front of him, and I punched him at a medium swing speed, and seemed to have no issue. He didn't fall backwards, fly upside down, then flip over the face of the Earth to rehabilitate from his small tap to the front of his arm. This queue time is also ridiculous. THREE MINUTES? Are you serious? Do not get me wrong, this game is great, but I do not think it is worth buying right now, I may change my opinion in the future, but this is how it is, and there is no real way to determine the future.Hello, Developer (if you are reading this)Please fix your game, I really do enjoy playing it, but right now, you seem to not care. There is no fun in taking THREE MINUTES to find a game, I loot for about five, and then get absolute rekt from the mechanics. I believe that this has to be one of the worst updates yet. I understand you want to add new perks, and I understand you want to better the game for us all, but please, take the time to fix the issues that are present before adding things to the game. I would much rather have a neatly made game, which is small, with all these wonderful features, then have all of these features, that are becoming what seems to be too big to manage by the team. The gameplay should be kept advanced, but not to the point that there is no way to get anything before being destroyed by someone who has a hatchet. The other day, I was shot three times with a revolver by someone who had opened what I presume to  have been a blue or red crate. Who does that? Well clearly I am doing that now because I know there is a chance to get a weapon. Oh, I forgot to mention, that was three minutes into the game. There should be a feature in the game, and I know you guys are smart enough to implement it, that the drops in the crates get better as the game goes on. I love how the idea of the game was when it first game out, but now it has seemed to go down hill.This is my opinion as of May 3, 2016. I hope to see improvements, thank you for reading my review.As of 11/23/16; This game is no longer playable, I stated that the wait time was THREE minutes, it is not beyond 5 at this point. Shame to see this happened. Unfortunately this game USED to be good.TL:DR; This game is like a vacuum cleaner, loud on the outside, but sucks on the inside."
76561198056780283,Recommended,437220,21732385,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ShOgIBaRiBoA,This Update fixed mostly everythingThanks for EU servers!
76561198089986753,Not Recommended,437220,26478864,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Coffeeshot,"Me and my buddy had many amazing exeriences in this game and a lot of fun. We would play this all the time and it was a truly fantastic game... But at some point with every new update that came out there was something fun that suddenly went sour. The Devlopers had an amazing game but through an immense amount of unnecessary changes have turned it into a game which simply isn't very fun anymore. This however is pretty much what I expected, games don't last forever and I think I got my $15 of fun out of this game so I appreciate all the memories it gave me but for me this game is retired."
,Not Recommended,437220,26696346,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SLAYRISEN,Number of people playing the culling then: 10KNumber of people playing the culling now: 385 (Real Number) [Actually Dead]Games that have more players currently:Terraria: 38KProject Zomboid: 783Crypt of the Necrodancer: 716Don't starve together: 11817Hero Siege: 451Goat Simulator: 1060Borderlands I: 986The Binding of Isaac: 681Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition: 3160Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut: 471Remember that this game was streamed by really big streamers witn 15k views etc. just like half a year ago.Let that sink in.
,Recommended,437220,23673930,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Wychu - Birthday Boy,"Let me tell you. This is one of my favorite games in a long long time. It's fun for so so long. You can play it for hours and hours on end. Despite what you might hear on here, this game isn't broken, it isn't stupid. it's still fun. I only play it when i stream now, because it's my main stream game, but i still have fun everytime. Don't believe the circlejerk about ""Bring back release game/combat."" All those guys are seeing the game through rose tinted glasses. They don't remember the overpowered health machine camping, or the 1 second longer and 1 extra charge tasers. They don't remember blowguns making you puke three times. They only want combat to be good, and they might of had complaints about how the game run. And guess what, the devs work very closely with players to try and get the best game possible. They've learned from their mistakes and make updates slower and release test servers first to get the best result possible. And it runs a lot better now, and my game hasn't crashed in a month. This game is SO MUCH FUN. I highly recommend you try this game.EDIT: 6/26 OH MY GOD THE NEW PATCH FIXES EVERYTHING PERFORMANCE RELATED BUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY"
76561198125143255,Not Recommended,437220,33547276,Posted: 14 July,all,Ben Dover,"Don't give Xaviant your money!The game had potential, but the devs completely destroyed it.They changed about every game mechanic and took all the fun out of it. Now, they're launching it on the xbox and claim it's xbox-exclusive, so that should tell you just how much you can trust them.They've shown time and time again that they don't like to listen to the feedback and instead just implement what the CEO thinks of as ""great ideas"".Like taking one of the options out of a rock-paper-scissor style combat.Making it so that stamina-management, a core-mechanic, doesn't matter anymore.And on and on we go.Never trust a dev that won't listen to feedback, but blames the community for a crappy reception to idiotic changes!I'll never buy another game from them and neither should anyone else...Right now it looks like the devs simply want to wait for the pc community to die out and move onto the consoles (which, they promised, would support the development on pc!)"
,Not Recommended,437220,24397430,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mr. Timéstámp-é,"Update 4/27/17: Oh lookie here, game is still in terrible shape, and everyone agrees with what I said in this review now, what a shock.Updated 8/27/16: Combat is even worse, balancing is decent, but hitboxes are 100% broken, hits go through blocks, clicks are still not registering... slow clunky and a god***n f***ing mess.Welcome to the world of The Culling. A Ruthless Island inhabited by 16 players who have to survive, craft, and KILL eachother in order to be crowned the champion of the island! A modern day Battle Royale/Hunger Games. The catch? Well, it sucks... currently. This game is a girl with daddy issues that abuses you but yet you keep on coming back because she looks so freaking HOT.What do I mean by this? Well:The presentation is, in its current state, phenominal! The announcer is quirky, funny, and has a hint of the Dean from ""Community."" Being both humerous and downright spiteful at times. The islands looks nice, most of the buildings have had overhauls over the 5 months and it looks like an abandoned island, which is the point. The game looks nice... that is all there needs to be said. The game looks like it has effort but into it.What kills this then? Two major factors; Combat (abuse), and the developers (daddy)Firstly the combat. While it is better than the April-Mid June incarnation (which was actually broken) it isn't MUCH better. Animations and key presses are sometimes straight upignoredand do NOT work, and this happens multiple times every play session. In the heat of combat this will lead to your death.The servers that the games run on are inexcusable. For a game that straight up REQUIRES strict percission the servers make it feel random. The average latency is about 60-70 which kills the game.Blocks (Which take .5 seconds to go up for balance which WORKS) take longer to go out, usually about 1-2 seconds which REALLY throws off any precision. Sometimes the block doesn't even register which causes enemy hits to go through your block, which is especially the problem in the current (8/10/16) patchThe hitboxes are a gamble too. (especially in 8/10/16 patch) Sometimes the enemy will be off to the side by 30 degrees and their weapon will STILL hit you and yet sometimes I play a game where the enemy will be smack-placed in FRONT of me eye-to-eye and their weapon will NOT hit. This also ties over to the range of the weapons and the shoving (Which also don't work properly)The cherry on top of this s**tstorm of a combat system/netcode is the abundant ammount of glitches (This is Early Access I know, but some of these bugs have been in from day 1) Items fall through the floor, you can fall through the floor, explosives will not explode properly (Even when an enemy is literally 1 inch from them) there is also visual glitches which could leave you hurt. Doors that look open but aren't, getting stuck in the geometry, gas clouds not displaying where they technically are.In the 8/10/16 Update the balance on the mele weapons are a HELL of a lot better. However, Guns can still be whiped out in 0.2 seconds leading an apporaching enemy dead. Similarly Bows seem to be too easy to spam, especially in close range.The most insulting thing with every update is how the developers seem to not have a signle godd**n clue what they are updating. Changes which greatly change the game are NOT mentioned in any update log. Sometimes changes in the logs are there and yet they are never changed which leads to an update log that has stuff that isn't changed, and nothing that is changed... a complete gamble if the update notes are even for The Culling and not for some other project.With an average of 450 players a day I can see why so many left (from the first month counts of 12,000)My recomendation? Wait until this game gets better... if it does. For a game schedualed to be released next year this game is in terrible shape."
,Recommended,437220,21630365,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Platen,"Uzun zamanıdır oynadığım en zevkli oyunlardan, oyun bildiğiniz Açlık Oyunları, 16 kişi bir haritada rastgele doğuyor ve etrafı keşfetmek, silah üretmek için 20 dakikaları oluyor. Oyunun en beğendiğim yanıysa, saçma sapan bir şekilde ölmediğiniz için gerçekten sinirlenemiyorsunuz, çünkü diğer buglı Battle Royale oyunlar gibi anlamsız hatalar yüzünden ölmek pek mümkün değil. Oyunda birden fazla silah var ve bu silahlar sizin oynama tarzınızı belirlemenizi sağlıyor. İster tuzak kurup birinin takılmasını beklersiniz, ister elinize testere alıp önünüze geleni kesersiniz. İsterseniz insanlara elektrik verip onların hareket etmesini engelleyebilir ya da elinize dinamit alıp herkesi UÇURABİLİRSİNİZ! Ya da sadece bulduğunuz eşyaları satıp daha önceden belirlemiş olduğunuz bir Air Drop çağırabilirsiniz. Oyun gerçekten gelişmeye müsait ve arkadaşlarınızla çok daha zevkli olacaktır, almanızı kesinlikle tavsiye ederim, böyle bir oyun için 21TL az bile."
,Recommended,437220,29603060,Posted: 31 January,all,Ceza999,"Game is going in the right direction now, feels a lot better than past updates. Now we just need the players back."
76561198018334969,Not Recommended,437220,28354109,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BendyFapStik,"RIP the culling. Great concept, poorly excecuted and never finished. Every rebalance made the game worse and now the servers are dead"
,Not Recommended,437220,25642592,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sqvid,"Used to love this game, recent updates have messed up the combat to the point of it being unfun to play anymore. It appears as though I am not the only one who has experienced this as the playerbase has suffered massively, with about only 400-500 people in-game at a time."
76561198069019739,Not Recommended,437220,22440050,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,we wuz kangz,"When this game came out it was actually very fun and took some time to learn the gameplay. It took some skill and understanding to fight and learn how to properaly use the blocking/push mechanic. But after a few patches the the skill and strategy was removed from melee combat and now it is reliant on spamming attack and push, similar to an old mortal kombat arcade game where there where only 2 buttons and whichever player could smash the buttons fastest would win. Well thats what you have now, before it was a real gem, but now it is just a slam your push button and mouse button one as fast as you can. GG Xavaint you broke an amazing game."
,Recommended,437220,29330988,Posted: 17 January,all,Shmevin,"PLEASE ONLY READ REVIEWS FROM THOSE WHO HAVE MORE THAN 50 HOURS IN THIS GAME!More often than not those who leave negative reviews for this game were unable to adjust themselves to frequent game-changing patches, or overcome the steep learning curve that comes with playing The Culling.I have owned this game since March 2016, and have invested over 500 hours. I can say without a doubt that this game is one of the best Steam purchases I have ever made. Do not let the mixed/negative reviews deceive you, this game is a winner. I have never played a game this immersive, or that made my heart beat as fast and my arms shake as much as The Culling has.However, this game is not for everyone. The Culling isn't a game you can just pick up and play. It takes patience, time, and a willingness to learn and adapt to play. It takes fast reflexes, patience, and strategic thinking to achieve victory. When you first start playing you will almost definitely get destroyed by other players, but those players were once like you. You cannot let defeat get you down, you gotta persist! Learn the ropes, familiarize yourself with the maps, be prepared to fight again.Once you've put in the work, and see the golden ""VICTORY!"" screen, I tell you it is the best feeling you'll ever have playing video games. It's like a drug, you're on cloud nine, absolute nirvana. You feel so good after winning, that you will come back for more and more.If you have read this far and are still interested in purchasing, The Culling is the perfect game for you."
76561198111324631,Not Recommended,437220,22697165,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rusty-Nan,"Every time the game gets ""Patched"" it gets worse and worseUpdate 2/12/2017- So it has been almost a year now so I reinstalled the game to give it another try and the fixed  NOTHING in my first match this guy would run a the left or right a little charge his atk and the hit me past my guard and it still feels like I have to hit someone 10 times more to kill them.Bad connetion problems in the menu.Still has a ton of bugs and glitches to fix.For some reason I have a sound bug and cant hear ANYTHING happening behind me.This game brings my GTX 1070 up to 160F in the menuLightning Rounds are the only good thing about this game to bad its a random chance to get to play them."
,Recommended,437220,22183581,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Solid,Only the strongest computer survives!
76561197961357480,Not Recommended,437220,34786256,Posted: 6 September,all,Kane,"I don't typically review games because.... I have better things to do.I also want to point out I haven't played this game since I last attempted to play it 1-3 months ago.When this game was released, I thought it was AMAZING. At that time I would have given it an 8 or 9/10. This game is a great example of when developers don't understand what people like about their game. As I mentioned I attempted to play this game 1-3 months ago and I am really not sure what piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I played. I can tell you that I would have steam refunded it if that were my first time playing.I honestly don't know how you screw up a game this bad after launching in early access with such a good product. You should have just kept our money and stopped developing, because you had a good game. Then you turned it into garbage."
76561198063354038,Not Recommended,437220,32418015,Posted: 14 June,all,MYNAMEISALLCAPITALS,Game used to be fun until the devs listened too much to the community so everything got either removed ro nerfed into the ground.
,Recommended,437220,21721785,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,how do i login,Like H1Z1 battle royal except good
,Not Recommended,437220,27970871,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Code Christian,Great game at first but after some updates the game overall stopped being fun and I have to say this game had so much potential and im still going to say thanks for the hours of enjoyment I had with your game.~Paul
,Recommended,437220,21724720,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The Beard,"The Culling is the game that I dreamed about playing after reading The Hunger Games. The whole battle royale concept has been tried and tried but The Culling finally gets it right, the recipe is just right this time. Plenty of fun to play by yourself against 15 other opponents but it's even more fun with a friend. Exciting until the end."
76561198023818066,Not Recommended,437220,33260040,Posted: 4 July,all,Hentai Connoisseur,This game was like a newborn baby when it first came out it was fun and exciting but after being neglected for too long it is now a dead baby that never learned how to walk
,Recommended,437220,21710528,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Sgt. Joker,"The Culling is basically a Battle Royale/Hunger Games type game in which 16 contestants fight to the death. Only one person (unless playing teams) can win. I'd also like to add that this particular ""Battle Royale"" game more-so resembles the Hunger Games than something like H1Z1.GameplayPlayers spawn in random parts of a map that is contained in a force field. Players then craft items and/or loot nearby buildings for gear. Most weapons are melee based, but there are bows and firearms. Other items include backpacks, body armor, traps, explosives and status boosts/powerups.The goal of the game is kill the other contestants and become the last man standing; deaths are permanent.Games last around 20 minutes, at the 10 minute mark players are forced to fight in an arena area called The Culmination.The combat is mostly melee based. You can hit, charge hits, block and push. Though the combat is basic, it is engaging and solid. Hits feel heavy, backstabs crunch while doing massive damage; Yes, this combat is damn satisfying. There are also bows, which do a lot of damage if you have the right build for it (see perks, below). Guns are powerful, however I won't say over-powered as they are extremely rare and have limited ammo.FeaturesThere is a cosmetic skin system in place. You get rewarded new skins every game; The ""quality/value"" is roughly determined at how well you do and/or how long you survive. You can buy and sell these skins on the Steam market.Weapons have multiple tiers ranging up to 4 (correct me if I'm wrong)A perk system in which you can choose 3 perks of any kind to build your contestant to a specific play style. If you want to use spears, use perks that pertain to spears, if you want to use bows, use perks for bows. The perks keep the game fresh for multiple playthroughs and makes every encounter interesting.Ingame currency called F.U.N.C. that you collect by killing players, staying alive, collecting it from corpses (non-player), activating gas tanks, recycling gear, and collecting it from F.U.N.C. canisters. F.U.N.C. is used to open blue crates that contain mid-grade loot, and call in airdrops. It can also be used to heal yourself at healing stations, which I'll cover more later in this review.Airdrops that you call in using the in game currency. These drops usually contain high-tier loot that will give you a steep competitive edge. You can select specific airdrops that contain the same loot everytime, or use the ""surprise me"" airdrop that contains any of the available drops in the game thus far. The better the loot is in the drop, the more it will cost.Random events that try to get players together and fighting. These usually consist of loot spawning somwhere and players fighting for it. There are multiple different variations, keeping it interesting.Bugs/Problems/Exploits I've noticedSometimes players lag through my blocks and hit me anyway.Sometimes players hit me without the animation playingLag can be game breaking (chasing someone only to have them somehow attack you from behind)I've noticed some suspected hacker activityPlayers can camp the health machines and use it to tank health while attacking them. (Devs are on the case)Chainsaw is OPFinal OpinionThis game is awesome. I've played enough hours to honestly say I recommend it. One of the best early access experiences I've had, ever."
,Recommended,437220,25176125,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Alamist,"Have you ever wanted to participate in a ""Hunger Games"" style deathmatch?Have you ever wanted to violate people's bodies with a variety of melee, ranged, and explosive weaponry?Do you enjoy being berated with sarcastic, witty, and hilarious commentary while you fight to the death?Well, this game is for you.In Depth Review:I've played this game since it was first released, and while its development path has always had its ups and downs, these devs really know what they are doing. Unfortunately, I can't say this about many devs, but I trust these devs to honestly make an amazing, incredible game.- They've focused on balance issues from day one. And in general, they've vastly improved up it.- ""Experimental"" balance tests in patches have been relatively non-invasive and had little impact on gameplay. One would just need to change their playstyle around a bit if weapons got nerfed/buffed.- Microtransactions are non-invasive, and don't provide advantages over other players. Purely cosmetic.- THEY LISTEN TO THEIR COMMUNITY. When exploits or generally frowned-upon tactics are brought to the table, the devs are quick to make a decision on how to act and fix the issue.- Lobby waits are acceptable. You may wait anywhere from 1 second to 10 minutes on the rare occasion. This is much more bearable than the waits you will sometimes experience in H1Z1 or god forbid, ARK. This also makes it much more bearable to die early on, as you can usually get into another game pretty quickly.- Large variety of weapons. H1Z1 is pretty much a battle of AR15's and AK-47's after the first few minutes. But in this game, you never know what your opponent will bring to the table at any point in the game. Will it be a sledgehammer? Fireman's Axe? Punji Sticks? Or even a Rifle? The large variety of weapons allow for a variety of playstyles to be played making every game unique and tactically different.In conclusion, this is not a game for casuals. This game requires quick reflexes, fast thinking, and strategic adaptation. (Most of which I am horrible at, thus why I lose a lot #feelsbadman) But it is an addictive and thrilling game regardless of your skill level.I rate 9/10."
76561198018339236,Recommended,437220,21633174,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,C3llzZ,Got killed by a medkit thrown at me10/10 would throw medkits again
,Not Recommended,437220,32692569,Posted: 23 June,all,Ser Gregor,"This title went from being one of the most anticipated games in my 10+ years on steam to another vomit enducing example of why I will never bother with another early access again. I should have learned from Starbound.Shame on you Xaviant Games. Your egos got the better of you, and us."
,Not Recommended,437220,22240803,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,arrer boy,"I don't understand how a game based around melee combat could get the core mechanic so wrong.The combat feels like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is more frustrating then engaging.The new update completley broke the latency, adding more to the problems with combat.Would not reccomend until this game is fixed, and to be honest I don't see this game living past another year of development.If you want a better Battle Royale esq experience, Rust or Arma have better and more stable alternatives to this kind of game."
,Recommended,437220,21671068,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sanborn,"I'm physically shaking after beating two people to death. The first one I lured with a remote bomb and then beat to death with brass knuckles, the second I poisoned with a blow dart and smashed their skull with a pipe.I think I need to take up Yoga now.10 out of 10, will play more."
,Not Recommended,437220,25989531,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,niknoT-,"This unique concept held great potential when it was first released.  However, it seems the devs are not taking heed to the feedback of the players in their ""early release"" phase.  The fighting dynamics have changed drastically for the worse, and it has become increasingly difficult to find evenly matched games.  This game use to be about strategy and hunting down your opponent...now it is a free-for-all where whoever hops around most with a stone knife gets the kill in the first 5 minutes.  This game is certainly not worth the money in its current state...particularly with its dwendling following."
,Not Recommended,437220,33652925,Posted: 19 July,all,VogurtTV,The idiots who broke the game should make it free to play so people who still want to play can actual find a game. And revert all the garbage they changed.
76561198008230293,Not Recommended,437220,35038783,Posted: 17 September,all,goin mental on the oriental,It WAS a good game.
,Recommended,437220,23622233,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Zimpleton,"This game has great potential and I have enjoyed playing it very much, despite the usual EA issues it has encountered. The negative reviews from players with a lot of hours in-game are from kids who don't know how to adapt to changes in the combat mechanics and started losing when they fixed buggy blocks and jabs.Haters can hate, but this game is great."
76561198027166251,Not Recommended,437220,34542511,Posted: 27 August,all,Finnez,"okey, let's put skins into the game *puts in so much they crash the game* wow that was too muc-*tries to fix it by making all the players loot invalid and makes new skins for players to use th-* steam: pubg is out.... *dead*"
,Recommended,437220,26208568,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[ICE] 0_ô,"Reading a few of the reviewers post, i came to to the point I need to provide my own 2 cents to this because I played enought to give an objective statement.First, The Culling is one of the most intense game i've played once it comes to fights.Winning a fight gives me so much satisfaction, I always say that I can feel the adrenaline going in my veins.On the other hand, losing a fight is frustrating to the higher level and I accept that.Yes the patches lately took away lots of good things from the game BUT :Its in preparation of the next big update.They said it, next step will be Beta state and I think that some major features will show up.I love how the devs are explaining every change they make from patch to patch.Overall its a great 16$ game, totally worth it.My best advice is play, win and lose games, get better,  and be ready for the Big Update."
,Recommended,437220,21869616,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ExplosiveToaster,"I am writing this review purely because the game is right now under patch maintenance, and I can't play it. That should tell you all you need to know about this little fantastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game. The GOTY-moment for me was when I FINALLY managed to kill someone running away from me by throwing my knife in his back, and the announcer tells me:""Ding ding ding! You unlocked the ""Thrown knife kill""-achivement! Just kidding, I don't know anything about achievements. But you just achieved the feeling that a good job brings! There you go! THAT'S your achievement!""11/10 would buy again just to throw money at devs"
,Recommended,437220,23694113,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Savitar,"The mixed reviews you are seeing are a result of a few bad patches, but with the latest patch , this game is at its perfect mix oh balanced combat, matchmaking and fps. This is one of the best battle royale games i've ever played! It kind of has a hunger games feel, but without the cornocopia of weapons in the middle. The weapon, traps, explosives are craftable and weapons of higher tiers can be purchased with in game ""func"" earned by killing or gradually over time, or with func barrels. in game air drops and perks help the player get by witha  number of different strategies."
76561198157125481,Not Recommended,437220,27322314,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Light💙,This game went from The Culling to The CuRling. Pretty boring. In the old days this game was pure gold.
,Recommended,437220,29751794,Posted: 6 February,all,匚尺ㄚㄗ匕工Ｋ乙,"New update really brought the game back, better loot system, more weapons, easier airdrops, games are a lot faster to play and new ui is great"
,Not Recommended,437220,34049380,Posted: 5 August,all,PenguinOG,"If Devs went back to an earlier build, I would play. Gained over 250 hours playing in 2016. I Dont even think about it when I go thru my library because its been destoyed ."
76561197967359468,Not Recommended,437220,25979308,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,atg,"This game originally showed promise. However, its clear the devs have no idea what they are doing by only listening to the community. The average casual who doesn't put much time into the game has no idea what he wants. This is the person they listen to and now the game is ruined. They removed all the perks from the game pretty much, and now you are litterally left with a dumb rock paper scissors game.I'd seriously have rated this game 7.5/10 last patch, but I'd rate it a 4/10 at best now."
,Recommended,437220,21625731,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Widowmemer,The best comparison for this game is Total Drama Island + The Hunger Games.10/10 would inject myself with orange juice again.
76561198056145012,Recommended,437220,21727983,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fabulous,"Firstly i  would like to say that the game is amazingly fun! But it does need work, there are many bugs and i've experienced a few crashes.Also, it is in desparate need of more servers (only North America at the moment) as it can get infuriating when i'm blocking, and the game doesn't register it until it is too late, sometimes the animation shows in time but it still doesn't block. It does say i have 30ms ping but i'm pretty sure this is server lag or maybe some optimization issue.Other than that, a GREAT game, and for me definately worth the money, also to support the developers for their fantastic work.I hope there will be a lot more work done as i would like to see this game grow arms and legs.EDIT **Ever since the EU servers came out the game is unplayably laggy. Soooo much delay! 900ms to block and people glitching all over the place!  FIX THIS"
76561198081009472,Recommended,437220,23295189,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Captain Meme,"Good game, darastic changes every patch. The changes are very hit or miss, and the game has a relatively low population, making you face a lot of the same people. Devs seems to be taking a step in the right direction, though."
,Not Recommended,437220,28344776,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dan,The devs should just revert the game to how it was last March
76561198101851870,Recommended,437220,22352673,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Gasgot,">Be me>owned this game for like a couple of days>Never won a game>Came up with a ingenious plan>goes to steam market>buys all blue clothes with mask>equips Stealthy, Brutus, and Runs with knives>starts game>Join a match>Spawn in the middle of noware>runs to the nearest building>looted it and found a tier 3 knife>allisgoingaccordingtoplan.jpeg>goes near the center of the map>camps inside a bush>fast forward 15 minutes later>no one has found me>2 guys left>Both of them are fighting it out in the middle>one dies>Its time>sprints to the middle>charges up the attack>backstab>its a instant kill>victory>AWWWWWWYEAH>prize is crappy t-shirt>5 mins later>get friend request, its the guy I killed>accepts it, then instantly gets a message>Pleb is super salty that I killed him>I speak only in french just to mess with him (took 3 years of french in HS)>tells me to go suck a big long baguette you ♥♥♥♥ing frog>kid blocks me>omgicantstoplaughing>mfw I won by being a coward>mfw when I realize I became the spy from TF2"
,Recommended,437220,22070630,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Alot of work to do, but the basics and the ideas right now are a good base to build on. Based around the idea of the Battle Royale movie, The Culling is like the arma3 battle royale mod and the battle royale style mode for H1Z1. The movie Battle Royale came out way before The Hunger Games, despite The Hunger games being more popular.You have a ton of players all fighting to be the last one standing on this island. You go get resources, craft weapons and try to take out as many enemies as possible. After a certain amount of time the area you must be in on the island gets smaller and smaller.The crafting is a great start, the island is well made, the gameplay is off to a good start and the tutorials are a great addition. Will you be the last one around when the fight is over? Only time will tell!!As far as negatives, well there ar ea few of these to list. The blocking at the moment needs a ton of work. but in general is a good idea how it works. The melee needs more work to, it feels heavy which is nice ala Chivalry, but needs alot more polish to get to that games level of overall quality. There are also grpahical glitches and latency from the servers can be an issue aswell.Still, this game is well on its way to being the best of these battle Royale style games, which where made popular in ARMA mods and other games. Even after 2-3 hours I have had more fun than I had in H1Z1's mode which is like this one.If you are patient and are looking for a battle royale style, multiplayer game and don't mind seeing it get made, pick this up and join the battle! What's here at the moment is far from perfect and needs alot of work but the good outweighs the bad and if the developers keep at it with updates and content this is a game I could see being played for many years. My first try at this game, was not all that much fun, but after doing the tutorials and played a bunch more, I have come to appreciate what the devs are doing, even though there is a good amount more to go before I can full reccomend it to everyone."
76561198308272784,Not Recommended,437220,33476045,Posted: 12 July,all,Arian,This game used to be my favorite game on my account. I had over 500 hours on this game I was crazy about it I thought that it was a great game but than the developers added an update that just completely ruined the game im gonna start off with the first reason number one they added new events into the free for all that no one liked  nuber two they got rid of you're personal airdrops this made me very upset because airdrops made the matches really fun and exciting number three they took away perks the perks they had were awesome they made the game so much better but they took them away and added these boring lame one's and number four the one mistake they did to make me never play there game ever again they switched the fighting in the Culling fighting was a major part in the game it was the whole point of the game and what they did was they added these stupid block power up things I didn't even get it it went from realistic fighting to power ups I was very dissapointed and I still amRIP The CullingI will always remember you <3
,Recommended,437220,21684991,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Prinzessin,Hunger Games themed.Chivalry Styled Combat.Forest Graphics. + CraftingSomewhat buggy but definitely playable.Great Game Overall
76561198151319433,Not Recommended,437220,32928545,Posted: 28 June,all,fuzemain,"This game used to be great, queue system is broken and you WILL NEVER EVER FIND A MATCH.This game died.RIP THE CULLING."
,Recommended,437220,31421830,Posted: 28 April,all,Atrium,"The Culling has been a roller coaster ride of ups and downs through early access, interesting changes and community involvement. I bought the game when it was first released and the game was one of the absolute best I had ever played. A complex game of survival, combat and economy it was best first impressions I had ever gotten from an early access game (having previously played Dayz and H1Z1 and been horribly depressed by abandoned projects and barely functional games that are poorly optimized).Xaviant is full of dedicated developers who really do care about their game with nearly bi-weekly patches and changes to the system. Although many attribute this to the declining acceptance of the game its good to see a development team working so hard to continuously update the game and provide balance changes so quickly. It's my hope that larger content patches become more frequent as well as the addition of a new map and weapons/skins/etc really brought back in a lot of the core player base.Cons;The game saw a huge downturn with two larger changes;1) The introduction of an invisible timer/delay system or 'action queueing'. This has since been mostly reversed to its previous state except for the delay on blocking with the new haste system. Actions performed correctly now accelerate sequential actions.2) The introduction of weakness and feeble. Universally hated this combat mechanism stayed a bit too long for a lot of the core veterans and was eventually reverted to stagger based combat system. It's the belief of many players that this was an attempt to cater towards console players as this simplification of combat made it more manageable on the controller3) Its the general public opinion that Xaviant has either listened too much to the wrong people or too little to anyone. My personal belief is that Xaviant could be a little more transparent about how community feedback is gathered and evaluated internally for incorporation. A lot of the core community still live, breath, bleed for this game on forums, Reddit and Discord and bug lists are maintained and updated weekly, however some bugs still remains from release (audio bug on explosion deaths, invisible gas, throw items disappearing)4) Lack of test server. This was an absolutely BRILLIANT DIFFERENTIATING move from Xaviant. Allowing the player base to hop on and experience a patch before it was fully incorporate and provide feedback was amazing. Its a shame this isn't utilized and tracked and incorporated (see 3)Pros;1) There is NO other gaming experience that currently matches or even reaches this level of true 1v1 Battle Royale adrenaline inducing fun. This is truly a unique gaming experience that I have no been able to find since quitting playing the game.2) A very immersive experience visually and audibly. The environment team and audio team deserves the biggest steaks and bottle of scotch. This game is absolutely beautiful from menu to customization to playing experience. The audio experience in this game truly immersive and the female death scream the first time I heard it was mind blowing-ly good.3) The personal relationship and involvement of the core development team with the public is great. They are very involved with the community and supportive of public events.Overall I would absolutely recommend you picking up this game during the free weekend and giving it a try with an open mind. There's no match making current so don't be dissuaded by getting rekted by a level 300 person (Hi Jabs). I would also absolutely recommend buying it at the current discounted price, it's worth a game or two every week to re-experience that TRUE Battle Royal experience that isnt entirely gun focused.At full price I could change my mind and patch by patch this game changes, but overall you can get 100+ hours out of the game.That all being said, this game is constantly plagued by bugs that have existed since launch and they are slow to be addressed. There will need to be some very large content patches that turn out absolutely flawless to save this game."
,Recommended,437220,29349310,Posted: 18 January,all,Gmanstriker,"The game is unique, and no matter how many changes good or bad it still gives that adrenaline feeling. The comsmetic change is amazing the graphical change is  abig improvment Im proud of the work they put into the game. Yes there are bugs from this update. Dont worry about that. The big arguement rn is the combat, which I personally havnt experianced much of the new combat. Though I have been wrecking ppl more often but that wasnt cause blocking, there is still room for outplay. 2v1 is almost impossible tho, depends how smart and good you are though it is doable. The devs have a dream and I respect them for staying true to their own dream, I do suggest getting more involved with the communites plea. But lets just be forgiving and patient, Its the least we can do. For all the fun this game has given us. Lets not critisize right away. Try it out as unbias as you can."
76561198217567264,Not Recommended,437220,34947381,Posted: 14 September,all,excommunicado,this game is officially dead today..pls dont buy it!!
76561198256616791,Not Recommended,437220,28175908,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sand04,All I want to say is that I want a refund.
,Recommended,437220,29393756,Posted: 21 January,all,Dimineron,"After not having played the game for a month due to some changes I disliked, the game made a huge turn getting out of alpha.It still has some bugs to fix but the overall experience while playing is great.Really looking forward to more patches."
,Not Recommended,437220,34092999,Posted: 7 August,all,HighlanderSteve,"Please don't spend money on this game. Other than the completely destroyed combat system, the worst issue is that the devs don't listen to the community. The game hit its peak in 2016 and then the devs ♥♥♥♥ed it all up and refused to change any features back until months later, after the game had died.I'm sorry if you spent money on this. You won't be finding a lobby. At peak, this game gets about 75 concurrent players. Almost never more.Just buy PUBG, it's a hell of a lot more fun and if something gets ♥♥♥♥ed, their devs will work overnight to release a patch ASAP.Also, this game is just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on Xbox. Cross-compatibility was meant to be a feature but the devs ""canceled"" (never worked on) it just a few days before it was due to release. Sorry if your hopes got up just for a second."
76561198062182607,Not Recommended,437220,22420095,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ThatsSpirit,"The latest patch has destroyed the game for me.  I have over 100 hours played and when I got home from work I really looked forward to playing a few rounds of this game.  Now when I get home from work I'd rather play dynasty warriors....The fact I'd rather play a washed up game like dynasty warriors says something about this patch.  It's disgusting and destroyed the melee combat, the melee triangle has been destroyed because blocking is all but useless."
76561198235887230,Recommended,437220,29811969,Posted: 9 February,all,LadyLuané,This game has experienced some ups and downs. The awesome thing is its always being fine tuned. Always improving. The latest improvements has brought a lot of people back to it and I love the new maps and lightning rouds make it even better. all the new gear and weapons are awesome !. It really is a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun.I love this game !For a closer look at the game here is a link.https://youtu.be/Qo93rqW8jFo
76561198058700045,Recommended,437220,21874344,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Maine Coon,"This game gave me a huge adrenaline rush. When I won my first game I was shaking for 2 mins after. Great Weapons, No hackers seen yet, very fun. Guns are very rare and have limited ammo which coming over from other multiplayer survival games I appericate this. Only problem is that the combat can feel a little weird, gives you no indication that you have hit someone you can only tells by the enemys health bar.A solid 8/10"
,Recommended,437220,21630574,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jayden,I was being chased through the woods with a chainsaw and nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself  9.5/10
,Recommended,437220,23079575,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rayn3delu,"nice game overall, but we need more maps! with more entertaining events"
,Recommended,437220,23622117,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Spajk,Gave me hours and hours of fun. I fully recommend it.
,Recommended,437220,31641269,Posted: 9 May,all,Xerail,"I really don't understand the hate this game is getting at this current state. I bought this game when it came out and some time later, i stopped playing for other reasons. I think this game is way more fair than H1Z1 - It is hard to make a comeback in those BR games. If this game had more players and maybe a mode with 32 players in it, then it would be way more rewarding to win and if ranks were added, then we could actually get some varriety in players. This game is Good!"
,Not Recommended,437220,33644105,Posted: 18 July,all,[WEA] Abdul,"used to play it alot and it was great. hopped on a couple of days ago and sat for an hour and couldnt get into a match. also they scammed people in previous updates. in the past you could purchase skins off the market, I have about 270 skins and cant use any in the recent updates. the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥now dont even buy it."
76561198079429355,Recommended,437220,29532811,Posted: 27 January,all,sassy MEWMEW,"This game just got fixed, give it a chance, the only problem is player count and the way to fix that is by spreading the word about this patch, the devs have finally listened, and they deserve it considering no devs seem to listen at all now adays."
,Recommended,437220,21651147,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ariba,Why would you possibly waste your time and eventually develop depression playing a children's game like H1Z1 Battle Royale when you can play The Culling?
,Recommended,437220,30403325,Posted: 8 March,all,c4nn4b15h45chr4u5chg1f7k0n5um3n7,"I 've started playing Culling in April '16 and stopped for 10 months. I installed it in February '17 again and enjoy playing it right now. I had struggles at the beginning because I was bad at fighting and played against high ranks (levels), but I learned to fight and now I am able to compete even against players with 100+ levels more. The reason why many people quit Culling right after playing it for like an hour is because they are bad at fighting and are playing against high level players. If Xaviant can do something like a rank-system or level-system beginners can learn the game and don't become smashed in their first game. But hey guys, give this game a try, it's an early-access game and only in 0.3.4.x. Don't leave a bad review and uninstall it, learn it and believe in yourselves as I did. Obviously there are many bugs that need to be fixed like the pop-up-bug (pop-ups don't appear in main menu sometimes) but this game has potential and I hope that TheCulling will become a competitive and fair (fps problems with older pc's) game. Thanks for reading! Cull on! Don't give up! ;)"
76561198160781711,Recommended,437220,29354967,Posted: 19 January,all,ShadoVwV,With the new update it's awesome!
76561198279025773,Recommended,437220,29699426,Posted: 4 February,all,MommyOThree,"New update is great, really reccomend, still lots of bugs, but its early access, wepon skins are great, average low queue times and not too bad of a community, all around a 8/10."
76561198010103407,Not Recommended,437220,22726910,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jiao Mk II,"This game is rife with character, design, and a fun premise. So why do I not like it? A simple reason: The RPS system of combat.All melee combat boils down to a simple equation: block > melee > push > block.No matter what weapon you're using, whether it's a hammer, a spear, or a sword, a block will stop all damage and leave you vulnerable for a couple of seconds. The response to this is to push your blocking enemy, which just shoves them back, however a push leaves you open so if they're not blocking you will eat the attack. Overlooking the fact that this makes no sense whatsoever, it leaves every combat feeling like a glorified Rock, Paper, Scissors simulator. Positioning, movement, all of that doesn't matter when it boils down every fight into a game of minimal strategy.Once you get to later equipment (guns, explosives, chainsaws, etc...) this system isn't nearly as much of a problem, however every game forces this gameplay onto you as you scavenge for equipment from a random starting point. While this random system is the point of the game, it is horribly impacted by the melee combat system.I'd say save your money and wait to see if this ever gets changed."
,Recommended,437220,23714580,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,L`una ♫,"Don't trust the mixed reviews. The developers introduced a couple of updates to the combat that most of the community didn't like AT ALL. But those problems have been fixed as of today, and most people are flooding back to the game.Now a review from my personal experiences. I've been playing this game since the launch of its alpha release, and I have been through all of its ups and downs of development. And i have to say, this game is AMAZING. Not many games can pull me away from CS:GO, not even overwatch. But this game does. Every match is different and coming up and trying out different builds and playstyles is so much fun. You can play one game using lots of ranged weapons, then the next game work around placing a crazy amopunt of traps, and then the next game you can just try to kill as many people as possible. And all of these ways are viable for winning. Hell, you can even win without using any weapons besides your fists if you're skilled enough. That's what is great about this game, you can play it how YOU want to, and still do great. I trult love this game, and I will be playing it for a very long time. Definately worth the buy"
,Recommended,437220,21734817,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sotha Chill,100 times better than King of the Kill and cheaper too.
76561198041519273,Recommended,437220,31680126,Posted: 11 May,all,Matu,"The only thing the culling needs right now is more players. In it's current state it's fun (the combat actually works like a dream) and I just hope that people will come back to it. I wrote this review just so in the future the ""Mostly negative"" review state would change to something better."
,Recommended,437220,21797791,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Count Dracula,"I never do reviews and never have even on great games I have NEVER done a review. But when i do, its ONLY on The Culling and this game is beyond intense! Use headphones when you play, turn up the volume and the game gives you the feeling of being hunted for real! The ambient sounds of the surrounding environment gives you anxiety. The feeling is that real. I feel I have to look around myself multiple times when I play to make sure i'm not being followed to be killed. Finally, the moment you see someone your heart pounds. The only thoughts that come to your mind is, Kill or be killed.10/10. This is worth more than $15!TO THE DEVELOPERS: Just a thought; We are in a jungle right? Add in some animals that can also kill you and add more stress to survival!!! Add in random weather, rain, fog, etc! Maybe voice chat that fades the farther you are from people, but your teammates always hear you. This is a game I was developing in Unreal Engine myself but mine was a dinosaur area kind of game similar to this. Bravo my fellow Unreal Engineers."
76561197990171645,Not Recommended,437220,22696485,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Zoose,"Game was great and ran great for me till an update about a month or so ago. When I first got the game, it was great!  50-60fps, no real problems, pure fun. Then an update hit and game just ran like utter trash. Combat seemed off after as well. More updates this game has the worse it becomes :/"
,Recommended,437220,23575446,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rumpleskag,"Having been burned multiple times by early access games, I have absolutely refused to buy another one. However, when my 10 year old son told me about a game that was just like hunger games, i have to say the concept was a hard one to pass up. I read many of the reviews and was really on the fence for about a month or so, finally I just couldn't hold back any more. I plopped down my hard earned 15 bucks, not really knowing whether i was wasting it or not. I've got to say it was a gamble ... and the gamble paid off. Granted, at the time of this writing, I have only played for a total of two hours, but it was two hours that went by so fast that i couldn't believe it. I was so engrossed in the game, and it's hiding and crafting and hunting that i became completelyimmersed in the world and lost track of time. I must say that with my busy schedule that is a really big deal for me, and i think it is well worth the price i paid for it. And not only do i not regret buying it, i have found that i have not had any of the issues the negative reviews were warning me of."
,Recommended,437220,22039069,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Marcus,"My Experience with ""The Culling"":- Spawned in a dark scary cage- I got 5 points for collecting a bunch of bones- Collected a ton of human remains for a loot drop- I ordered a supply crate- Cursed the delivery drone- ""5 minutes later"" I got my supply crate- Got a useless supply crate full of medical stuff- Saw a airdrop from another player- The player got a chainsaw and killed someone- I ran away- A player saw me and stalked me with a knife- He lost me and i found a weapon- ""10 minutes left"" The arena is shrinking- I ran in the middle of the map- I saw two other players fighting- One player died- Heard the chainsaw guy coming- Prayed to Lord Gaben and some other random gods- Chainsaw guy saw me- Chainsaw guy tryed to kill me- Chainsaw guy runned out of fuel- I killed chainsaw guy with my spear- I felt like a unstoppable monster!- Someone shoot me with a gun- I died- Got an 0.03$ market item- I used the exit button- Went to the store page- Typed some words into the review box- Store page asked me ""Do you recommend this game?""- I pressed the ""Yes"" button"
76561198222588660,Recommended,437220,21719440,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kowbi,I'm not going to sleep unless I win a game.
,Not Recommended,437220,33244696,Posted: 4 July,all,Enkaay,"First of all, this game is in Early Access, so it is advised to read the reviews for an overall review.Anyway, this game is terrible now. When it was first released, it was easy to get into games and had a simple, user friendly interface. Now it looks un-organised and a waste of money.Do yourself a favour and do not purchase this game. Get H1Z1: King of the Kill or PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS for a similar, fun experience which is worth your money."
,Recommended,437220,23608243,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,oLeX,"The Culling is a Battle Royal gametype that requires you to loot and kill the enemy to win. The Culling is in early access and things in this review may change over time.Pros-Skill is needed-Optimized-Perks-Supplydrops-Items-Stanima Utilization-Devs release huge updates all of the time-Crafting-EconomyCons-Updates usually brake something-Very laggy-Hit Detection-Some Items are super OPThe Culling is a fast pased Battle Royal game that makes you want to keep winning. The perks and Drops just make the game more enjoyable and give you something to unlock.There are teams and solos, like in ever BR game the solos sometimes have people who team up.Now there is a gamemode that requires a currency that is obtained by winning solo BRs, and this gamemode gives you better items and a hard earned Win.Everything that is listed in the Cons section is to be expected in an early access title. If you are looking for a bug free fully complete game you are looking in the wrong section.Do I recommend this game or do I not? Well I would have to say I do, Its a adrenaline filled game with a bunch of fun moments. Its a great time and really fun to play with a friend. I do recommend this game.If you would like, feel free to add me on Steam."
,Recommended,437220,31560550,Posted: 5 May,all,Silvermeow,"OK SO, The culling was ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME and then they fcke it all up so bad cause they are stupid AF, but I use to love this game so much I even came back AGAIN recently and guess what. Its too late now but they ♥♥♥♥in finally put everything back to the way it was! SO IF YOUR READING THIS TRY AND GET EVERYONE YOU KNOW TO START PLAYIN AGAIN CAUSE ITS FUN AGAIN."
76561198050756372,Recommended,437220,23622264,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/dizorian,"Let's start with the recent ""mixed"" reviews the game has gotten. The game is in Early access andthings in the game will change during this prosess. The players are basically the testers of the game and we as a community is giving the developer our feedback on things that work, and stuff that doesn't.  It's all about finding the balance that works. And this will take time.I absolutly love this game. The bad and the good.There is a steep learning curve and as a new player you will get fustrated. Count on it. But keep playing, get better and rek some people and u will feel awesome about the game! :)Some has had problems with low fps, and the new patch in the test server fixes that. :) Will be put in the game very soon.Buy the game, give it some time to learn it all and u will absolutly love this game aswell! :)"
,Recommended,437220,21647742,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,OwO Slayer,>Call in care package>Get grenade>Run into enemy team>Die>Take two with me>WITNESSED.jpeg10/10 would Jihad again.
76561198103368394,Not Recommended,437220,30451652,Posted: 11 March,all,Chicken Chaser,"Bought the game after reading reviews that the devs are actually fixing their mistakes. I guess nobody else thought the same way I did because the only people who still play this game are the people who have been there since the start. Wait 5 minutes to join a game just to be killed by some tryhard that can apparently run away from you after you stun them.. which makes literally no sense at all.Good concept for a game, horribly implemented. It's too bad I wasn't around when this game was actually considered 'good'."
,Not Recommended,437220,22968654,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Merdok,"I really enjoyed this game when it first came out, but this is one of those unfortunate victims of developers losing all control of their vision.  Every patch has made this game worse.  Let's break it down.-There is only 1 map and it is STILL glitchy as heck, lots of places to get stuck, items disappearing, it's a mess.-The weapons are marginally more balanced but guns are massively OP still, and thrown/shot weapons do too much and are unblockable.-Melee has become WORSE than first release, there was skill in block/push/attack but now there's 0 skill, just spam.  And charging is never really better than spamming attack...-The spawn locations and randomization are part of the game but HOLY HELL there are some really bad start spawns on this map, it makes you want to quit outright.-This game is NOT OPTOMIZED at all.  0% optimization.  Anyone who says otherwise is full of it.  I'm on a full gaming rig, modern cpu/64gb/980gtx/fiber internet etc.etc. and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  Stuttering, jagged, clunky as hell, NO EXCUSES.  I play LOTS of other modern games that have 0 of these issues.-Hackers.  They are here, they make your experience unfun.  NOTHING is being done.-The unlock for your airdrop needs to be fixed like yesterday, this random unlock BS is NOT good meta, and should never have made it into beta.  Making a good loadout is the only control you have over the randomization and having to randomly get drops added is ridiculous.They already have my money.  Don't give them yours."
,Not Recommended,437220,22685977,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,pi73r,"Ok, let me get this straight. Previous patch the game was still really good, easily top 5 candidate for 2016. Competitive but with RNG, skill was needed, everything was planned. There were some bugs with few weps + block not registering + some balance stuff when it comes to airdrops/perks but I believed it would be solved + new map would be added soon. Game was and still is running perfectly on my mid tier PC. The game was really worth it. What happened?27/04 patch: tons of new combat bugs. Combat became clunky, bugged, block going up too fast, charged attacks made useless and game not really responsive making combat RNG not a skill based fight. Tons of non comb,at related but game destroying bugs. I wouldn't even mind that, it's early access.... but on top of that you get random disconnect for no reason every 2nd time you are about to win. I'm really decent and competitive player and when on previous patches my win ratio was about 60-70%, now it's 20%. Game is unplayable and frustrating atm. Hope that during next patch I can change the review but if it doesn't get hotfixed today or tomorrow then it's just a joke because the patch looks like completely untested and it's simply unprofesional to make an update like that. I'm no qq kid, I can adapt to changes but honestly. This is the worst patch I've seen in my gaming history and I'm playing PC games competitively for over 12 years.Ah, also devs force you to have shadows and certain graphics settings set to default otherwise you'll have 20 fps at max.Verdict: wait till next patch. This game can be a real gem (had fun combat, numerous items/builds/airdrops/ways of playing) but that joke of a patch makes me anxious about that.Edit: Hotfix didn't fix any of the gamebreaking bugs. There is still a bug where left click spammer can just hit you back for free after he got stunned which is against every rule the devs have created before.Edit2: there was another hotfix which slightly fixed the combat which is now in the playable state.While it's still not perfect devs made me optimistic. I may say that as a competitive gamer another serious issue would be a lack of maps. This game ain't Dota and once you learn how to play you just keep wreckin since you already know the map by heart after 15 hours of gameplay. I'd say a lot of decent players already stopped playing regularly since there's lack of replay value ,despite existence of RNG, because of really stale meta in current patch. Variety of maps is surely needed to make people return."
76561198056695878,Recommended,437220,32108031,Posted: 1 June,all,BagginsTV,"I have hundreads of hours in this game, and fully expect it to become thousands of hours in the future. The Culling is so different from any other Battle Royal due to it's focus on first-person melee combat. Skill and clever play are what reign supreme in this game, not the more powerful gun / better start for loot.I would highly recommend The Culling to anyone who likes a good old adrenaline-fueled fight to the death, that doesn't end after 2 shots from a gun from a mile away."
76561197976607335,Not Recommended,437220,34182882,Posted: 11 August,all,123,dead game. wasted money. nothing cool here; move along.
,Not Recommended,437220,28394203,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Batman,"It is so hard to write a review for this game that doesn't include the negatives, because there are so many, but there is also a positive side that shines and is a lot of fun to experience when it is actually prevelant.♥♥♥♥♥♥is broken and I can't fix it so all I can do is write about it. There are frame issues that make the game unable to play, but only once in a while, the combat used to be really fun when you could jab someone 3 times and weapon speed mattered. Now it's just a joke, and not a funny one. I hope they can get their issues fixed sometime because for right now this is simply a purchase I cannot recommend to someone new. Play it for free if possible."
,Recommended,437220,21636672,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ad3pt kickback.com,"Awesome game, it's more melee focused than H1Z1 and has better devs, too. Also a good price for this game. If you're a fan of the Hunger Games or Battle Royale, pick this up."
,Recommended,437220,21994279,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,"Ive seen quite some (bad)reviews of people talking about the combat system.While its one of the smoothest ive seen so far... keep in mind its going to take a couple of matches to get the hang and feel of it. Playing the Tutorial is recommended.* Good performance ( if you do have fps issues try turning off the shadows completly see youtube for how to).* Smooth combat* High replayability, while a lot more of stuff is inc.* Worth double the price atleast.- Needs some balancing but eh they are still adding new stuff, balance with be ongoing obviously9.5/10Edit: Be sure to be on a low ping server else you WILL encounter clucky melee combat (but i guess that isnt strange)."
,Recommended,437220,22107150,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SUBVERTEX | ☠,"After a few hours of gameplay, here is what i can say about THE CULLING:- Adrenalin Simulator- Methamphetamine Simulator- Borderline Heart Attack Simulator- Rage Simulator- Endorphin Simulator- Euphoria SimulatorPROS:* Fantastic Game Mechanics* Simple Crafting System* Blood Squirts & Blood Splatter Visuals* Funny Narrative Commentary / Feedback on Kills* Unlockable Items ( Marketable )* Friendly Community ( when they are not beating in your face or throwing knives in your back )* Perfectly Sized Map For The Amount Of Players In A Match* Intense Fighting Encounters and Fast Paced Survival* Improves Response Times, Awareness And Hand Eye Coordination* Perks, Airdrops and Tactical Team Strategies To Improve Chances Of Winning* No Microtransactions or Pay-To-Win* Enduces Cardiovascular Conditioning* May Enduce Temporary Feelings Of EuphoriaCONS:* Will Make You Want To Kill People In Real Life* Will Make your Adrenal Glands Wish You Never Installed The Game* Can't Eat, Drink, Smoke or Have Conversation Whilst In A Match; You Will Be Killed If You Try To Multitask* Only One Map To Play On ( at present )* Some Game Items Are Glitchy _ I.e. Do not show up in your steam inventory even if you have them in game* No In-Game Voice Talk Options _ so you are forced to type to a team mate and inevitably die ( see point number 3 )* Can Choose Only 3 Perks To Be Active ( many players agree that 4 or 5 Perks would be more balanced )* Graphics / FPS Are Not Yet Properly Optomized* No Taunt Mechanics In Game* Makes You Dream Of The Game And Talk In Your Sleep To Your Team Mate Over TS* Enduces Cardiovascular Conditioning* May Enduce Temporary Heart Pupitations & Adrenal Fatigue10/10 _ Would Recommend Meth, Heart Attacks, Adrenal Fatigue and Rage SimulatorP.S. Ignore ALL CONS ! _ Buy the game NOW ... Buy Numerous Copies of the game and give it to everyone you know!! Everyone deserves to have the privelage of playing and enjoying this game!"
,Not Recommended,437220,22732654,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,hotwheelssid,game is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs have ♥♥♥♥ing clue what balancing is and continues the further ruin the game with each coming update
,Recommended,437220,31622598,Posted: 8 May,all,Eglas,This Game is Awesome! it's worth buying trust me. Yea sure there were Updates that changed the Combat system That much it was unplayable but now it's almost back to normal And PLAYABLE again and it's even FUN :D. There are reviews like It's Based on RANDOM it's who clicks faster. But Not when Combo Breaker: Stagger Returns Update Was Out It's Fun like when it was when it was Realesed yea there are some thing that need some work but no I'ts Awesome Game!! and Worth the Money!!! yes and BTW There are peoples playing there were like 2000 playing! i know it's not big number but its playable find server within 20 seconds and always new guys!
,Recommended,437220,23723373,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,booty wie pangea,Nice game new patch fixed lots of issueslots of potential
,Recommended,437220,21628878,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Deadpaww,"If you like Battle Royale at all or even survival. Get this. The game is made great if that's what you want. It blows H1Z1, Rust, Arma 3, and all the others out of the water.My only issue, which is annoying....since I really want the game to be smooth, is the fps. Now it's not /horrible/ but it's obvious. Though it doesn't take away from my love of the game because I know it will be fixed, it's alpha, it's expected. The airdrop system, the perk system, everything is so new to the gamemode and well done.The only thing I ask Devs...is please....no combat advantage giving micro transactions. Please.Thank you for releasing it early <3 Much love!"
,Recommended,437220,23715903,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,✪ winkz,"Good game, nice devs, constant updates, Unreal 4.The only problem is the community, especially kids who can only spam Mouse1. They wanted a change in the combat system, devs were listened, and now they want the changes back, crying all over and giving negative reviews.This game gets better and better with every patch, good job Xaviant!"
76561198034820876,Not Recommended,437220,23344970,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MuffinButton696,"I myself loved this game. i put a lot of time into this before the last 2 updates. This game was fun, it was the hunger games basicly. I could kill, be killed, comentary was awesome! Sadly after the last 2 updates combat became wonky. People are attacking you even when blocking, shove spamming is insane and its just more stress than fun at this point. I also dont like how the devs react to negative views. I posted on the discussions about how they say the game has no rules and advertise it as such, yet now they are adding rules and i posted about that, i was immedietly banned from the discussions after saying that. if this game was as good as it was at launch i would definetly recommend it, but with how the game is now and how the devs reacted to my post i have to say dont buy this game unless you want a headache. It may get better in the future but as of now i see very little hope for this game. highest population it gets around the world at peak times is about 1500-2000 now."
,Recommended,437220,22607125,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Halfswift,"The Culling has been a slippery ride that many would say ended up bad. But it my eyes the game is better than ever.During the first few weeks after launch the game was extremely unbalanced and chaotic, Stun Guns had 3 charges, meaning you get 3 free backstabs, explosives could be found in Green Crates, the optimization was horrible and generally it was a mess, but it was a fun mess. However, after a while people started to realize how to exploit this mess, and it became obvious that there was a skill-gap and unbalancy.The developers started adding delays to combat actions, and started removing items which were considered overpowered, and after a while, they ended up with a fairly nice blank slate. Right now, the game arguably feels stale, over half the original perks were removed, and airdrops were changed significantly. BUT!!! The game is now more balanced than ever, the combat is smooth, and nothing really feels overpowered anymore, although some items are scarier than others.Cons:- Lacking playerbase (as of now: 24.11.16)- Sometimes crashes occour- A somewhat ""beefy"" computer is needed to play, but I've heard people with integrated graphics can play with ~30fps- If you lose a lot the game becomes incredibly frustrating- Variety of perks is lacking- The game can be very punishing for new players, due to many games being mixes of new/old players. (PLAY THE TUTORIAL PLEASE!!!)Pros:- Incredibly fun and immersive gameplay- Very well designed map, with great flow of gameplay and beautiful atmosphere- Good variety of weapons, items and traps- Incredibly friendly and active ""Cullmunity""- The developers are very active and communicate well with the playerbase- This is the most satisfying game to win in, you can really feel the adrenaline every fight!- Its pretty cheap for all the fun you recieve- A lot of fun with a friend in the Teams gamemode!I get around ~110 fps on 1080p Max everything with a i5 4690k + gtx 970."
76561198065202740,Not Recommended,437220,31809491,Posted: 17 May,all,Dark Volton,"Im sure you have seen all the reviews about how badly they screwed this game up... and sadly they are true. Game was amazing fun to play, decently balanced, very little lag, great combat... but then almost a year ago they updated the combat, and it all went♥♥♥♥♥♥up. the update broke the combat, and from there the game has been spiraling into a sad excuse for a game. nothing more can be said besides what everyone else has already said ie ""if it aint broke dont fix it"""
,Not Recommended,437220,22208324,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bude,"The combat system is the buggiest I've ever seen.Often you meele weapon gets ""stuck"" and you can't attack, block or push anyone anymore until you change your weapons.Guns are totaly broken and should not be in a game with focus on meele combat like this.0/10Stay away from this game for your own blood pressure."
76561198023067330,Recommended,437220,35372739,Posted: 1 October,all,✘Strychnine✘,"((Don't mind the 1 hour played - played it prior to my purchase on my friend's account alot.))Before the community died, I really really enjoyed this game and it still has a lot of potential. However, and in all honesty - PUBG is the king and my personal number one game of this genre. But I'd still love to play both games. Devs, the first step in getting the community back is making this game free to play, because noone's gonna buy this game over PUBG."
,Recommended,437220,21697113,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Phyt0x,The Culling░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198108097214,Recommended,437220,29345832,Posted: 18 January,all,BrandNew,"The new patch is phenomenal. I liked the game before, love it now. There's not much else to say. It's more than worth it's price and at it's current state imo the best Battle Royal game out there. As someone before me said: All reviews before JAN.17 are obsolete, it's a completly different experience and The Culling (despite still beeing early access) feels basically like a fresh, finished product now. Have fun!"
76561197991767037,Recommended,437220,21732779,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Salt,Its Battle Royale: The Game. Devs at this point are great and very responsive to the community. Greatly recommended and a complete steal at its price!
76561197975822687,Recommended,437220,21652752,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Legionarius,16 man battle royale + Hunger Games + FPS fighting + Hide and Seek + Crafting Weapons/Tools = The Culling.
76561198044883386,Recommended,437220,21788267,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rogue Assassin,"This review may be read in full below or you can view the review with glorious formatting and pictures in the Early Evaluation originally posted onVox Ludicus - The Hungry GamesFull Disclaimer - Review Key provided by the developer.I know what you’re thinking. Another rushed early access game on steam = Skip. I must stop you right there. Although The Culling may look like a generic battle royale type game, once you delve deeper into the game, you realize that it is much more than that. ‘The Culling’ by Xaviant games is a stand alone entry into the battle royale genre. This is a great game for learning about friendship and betrayal. Nothing screams life lesson like the guy that you just helped turning around and stabbing you right in your heart. A great educational game for adults who want to find out what the corporate world is like.The very first comparison you will make is with H1Z1: King of the Kill. Let me tell you right now that this is a futile comparison. It is like comparing the German national football team with the Brazilian national football team, no matter what one group says, we all know which team is better. It must be pointed out that, whilst H1Z1 was unceremoniously split into two separate games, the developers behind The Culling have been very transparent with their road map for the future and have already released a number of patches in a short amount of time. Xaviant Games have clearly stated that they want The Culling to develop into a genre leader and grow into a popular E-sport. I believe this goal can be achieved if The Culling continues to receive the support it has received thus far.Moreover, I believe it is time to move onto the meat of the game and how it performs so far. The goal of the game is simple, kinda like that Jennifer Lawrence film, ‘American Hustle’. You have to devise a cunning ploy in order to overcome your adversaries. Or you could just kill them. The game revolves around 16 ‘contestants’ being dropped into an island and forced to fend use their environment to survive and kill all other contestants until only 1 person is alive. Just like my family’s Christmas dinner, it soon becomes a tense game of cat and mouse as you are forced to make decisions that are crucial to your survival. Should I spend my in game points to open this crate? Or should I save them up so I can open an even better crate later on. These decisions are often pivotal, especially if you decide to open a crate and then run into an unsuspecting enemy. The game also features a fully fledged, if odd, crafting system. You can pick up rocks and sticks to craft several in game items. For example, combining two rocks and a stick will craft you a knife. The recipes are easy to learn and quite basic. The real trouble is finding all the requirements without meeting an untimely end. If you don’t like crafting, you can also use your F.U.N.C points that you earn in game to open various crates. These crates often have better gear or if you’re really lucky, a gun. Speaking of weapons, the game has a nice little variety of weapons. I do enjoy when games provide you with several ways to decapitate, bludgeon or shoot your enemies. There are all the basic weapons to start your own prison gang.Not much point in all these weapons if killing an enemy is unsatisfying right? Thankfully, killing an enemy is satisfying in The Culling. Sure they could do with a bit more gore and weight just like Chivalry, but the current combat system is probably the best in the genre. You are able to block, shove and attack enemies to ensure you come out on top. It does take a fair bit of time to get used to it, but I think the tutorial does a fantastic job of getting you used to the mechanics of the game. Whilst I praise the combat for being the best in the genre, I do still think it can be improved. As mentioned above, some of the attacks feel a bit ‘floaty’ at times, but this is a common issue with all battle royale games that I have previously played. The game could do from learning a few tricks from Chivalry. Got bored of hacking and shooting enemies? You can also set traps to dismember wandering enemies or set off poison clouds to teach them a lesson. This latter causes everyone to be on the move, eventually converging upon the middle of the map like a discount SWAT team getting ready for a final stand.However, I must also point out a few issues with this game. Currently, in its Early Access state, the game only contains North American and European servers. This may cause a few issues for all of the Aussie blokes looking to satisfy their blood lust. I am certain this will be rectified in the future by the developers, but it remains an issue currently. In my 5 hours or so of the game, I have also run into a few hackers, whilst this remains an issue for a whole host of PC games, it is still a rather annoying issue currently. The game also has a few flaws that need to be addressed in the current meta. For now it is a bit too easy to just set up traps and wait, this discourages a proactive style of play and encourages camping. This works for the majority of the game and can be a rather cheap way of winning games.Overall, the game is actually quite deep for an early access game. Not only does it include the flagship 16 player battle, it also has team battles in which 8 teams of 2 players gang up to slaughter each other. What could be more fun than killing people alone? Killing people with your best mate. The game also has a robust perk system, allowing you to pick a total of 3 passive perk points from a big list of 50. This, coupled with a a lot of options for character customization, really allow you to create different loadouts for different styles of play. It can be very easy to give this game a 7.8/10 and say it has too much water, but the truth of the matter is that this game definitely has potential. It will be interesting to see how the developer is able to communicate and handle issues in the future as they inch closer to the projected launch date in 2017. Right now, it is definitely a really fun and tense game."
,Recommended,437220,21653226,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mr.Legitt,Killed a person by throwing a bandage.5/7
,Recommended,437220,24178071,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nitro_Nuke,"I don't typically write reviews for games, but due to all the hate that The Culling has been getting, I feel like I should share my opinion on many ""issues"" that people complain about.-First off, the combat system. People are complaining that it's all luck, requires no skill, and is a ""rock-paper-scissors"" based game. Truth is, it takes an incredible amount of skill, and if you are facing off with someone of equal skill, it absolutely can turn into a rock-paper-scissors game. But that doesn't happen often, due to the lower player count at the moment. In my experience, I either completely dominate, or have a decent battle. I very rarely get completely dominated, because the combat in this game is rather more of a mind game. You have to adopt the other players' styles in combat, and adjust your play style to counter theirs. And if they're good, they will adjust to your adjustment, so it's a battle of who can adapt to the other player faster and more efficiently. It's still fast-paced, maybe not as fast as before, but you have to be ready for anything your enemy throws at you, and attempt to counter it. Whenever I lose any battle, I always think about what I could have done to triumph. I think about the mistakes I made, the way my opponent was playing, how I could've countered his seemingly impossible-to-counter attacks since I was caught up in the moment, but there's always a counter and a solution. Even in close battles where I win, I think about the situation and what I could've done to win the fight more easily. Everyone has a certain playstyle, and to be ""good,"" you have to try being as random as possible or your opponent will adapt, and you will keep making the same mistakes. I see this all the time with people, thinking that a constant attack will work, but all I have to do is block and make him stumble, and I will know that he will just keep attacking again. Or the same with blocking. If I see someone blocking way too much, I can just keep shoving. Or even shoving. If someone abuses the shove and hardly ever hits you when you aren't stumbled, you can basically get a free hit in every time. You have to be as random as possible. But just know, it's never truly random. You have to basically think steps ahead of the fight. For example, if I go to punch someone, I may feint and shove if he tries to block the attack. He may fall for it and I get a free hit. Now, I'll go for a punch, feint, and proceed to punch again if he lowers his block in anticipation of the shove. This will grant me another free hit. Now, I've messed with his head. I could do either of those similar attacks, and he has to be on his toes at all times to attempt to counter it. But I may have a pattern that the opponent catches onto, and he can counter me while using his ""random"" tactics as well. The Culling is basically a mind game represented as a mindless brawler, and I love it.-Now for the long queue times... There's really not much to say for this. The game doesn't have too many players right now due to the huge skill ceiling and the lack of effort some people put into the game after getting dominated a few times by veteran players. I think once the matchmaking system is perfected and the population grows, it should sustain a suitable amount of players for all skill levels. But I've never had a problem with this. US East and West servers have usually around a 3-4 minute queue time. I figured other regions have longer times due to it being less popular outside of the US.- The ""bad"" patches. Okay. I don't understand why the developers are getting so much♥♥♥♥♥♥for these ""bad"" patches. They're trying to perfect their game, and to do that they literally HAVE to make mistakes. They're doing their best to please the majority of the players, as seen by their frequent updates and hotfixes. If an update does not go over well with the majority of the players, then they do their best to fix that update WHILE trying to push forward their game development. To do that, there will of course be more mistakes that the devs will attempt to fix, so just be patient. What do you expect in an Early Access Game? If you're going to leave a review for one, I suggest leaving out the ""bad patches"" complaint because OF COURSE there will be bad patches. But it's not going to be permanent, as it's in EARLY ACCESS. If a patch is still♥♥♥♥♥♥for a while after the game has been officially released, then you can start ♥♥♥♥♥alking the devs and saying how undedicated and horrible and ""literally Hitler"" they are. But as of right now, they are doing their best to push forward their game and fix most issues that have appeared. Oh, and keep in mind: It is THEIR game, that has been originated from THEIR idea. They are attempting to make this game how they envisioned, with a little help from the community to guide them.Would I recommend this game? Hell yes. It has easily been one of my favorite games recently, as it's honestly just so addicting. But if you aren't willing to put in time to learn the game mechanics and adapt to the updates and hotfixes, then I suggest waiting for the release of the game. Even though I've been having so much fun with it as it is, even with each and every update."
76561197997529995,Not Recommended,437220,25319653,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wang,Time in Queue: 10:45Avg. Wait Time: 3:50(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
,Not Recommended,437220,24246338,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jonah,Positives1. Good concept2. Multiplayer3. Graphics are not bad4. Lots of weapons5. Steam inventory ItemsNegatives1. Combat is garbage2. You can only play with 1 friend3. Only 1 god awful map4. Announcer is annoying5. No voice chat
76561198103916157,Recommended,437220,29614800,Posted: 31 January,all,Parkervdp,The game has been updated! DON'T READ OLD REVIEWS!!
76561198094034461,Recommended,437220,21650565,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rowdy Roddy Peeper,I think I pulled something in my leg jerkin off the other day
,Not Recommended,437220,29193942,Posted: 11 January,all,Syfex,"The culling. A game that went from a great ton of fun to a low-skill kiddy garbage ♥♥♥♥ fest. After a 2 month break i come to 1 of my favorite game to notice that every sort of skill AND following the moronic design choices, the playerbase, was gone. it degenerated to a attackspamming ♥♥♥♥ fest. there is no reason to not spam melee attacks anymore, because they removed the stun after hitting a block. so in short. They only reason to interrupt an enemy is to push him if he blocks, but because it doesnt do anything he can just keep attacking, soo. the one with the better weapon/first to hit always wins. U cant outplay them anymore by block-canceling, u cant turn a fight around by blocking 1 of the light-attack spammers. It went from a game that was one of my favorite fighting games to another ""streamlined"" kiddy ♥♥♥♥ fest. One might say that i just have to ""git gud"" which might be true, but tell me.. how u want to stop them from spamming attack ? by outdmging them ? cool. great fun. There is no way to ""outskill"" another player except by running in circles and back n forth to confuse that ♥♥♥♥er, but that really shouldnt be anything someone should be proud about to do.TL;DR : Game went from great straight to garbage and removed any farm of mechanical skill, every fight is based around who has the better weapon / hits first / Luck."
76561198054106887,Recommended,437220,21936095,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Leverage,"This game makes me feel like I'm Katniss Everdeen and i'm a guy!no but seriously, if you loved the hunger games, this game is for you."
76561198149175440,Recommended,437220,23723318,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,JudenSchwein,"Super fun game. I'm bad english, so I only say this : Highly recommended"
,Recommended,437220,21726249,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,RelativePierce,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the day I bought the game there was around 250 reviews, couple hours later 400s. Now that I finally open up the game, almost 2.5k reviews? This game sure is growing fast and for good reasons. If you ever wanted a stand alone hunger game experience, this is the one.Graphics are decent and the crafting system is reasonable. There are large variety of melee weapons and some ranged weapons. The melee weapons range from your knives and swords, to bludge, or even chainsaw. Range weapons include blow guns, bows, and modern weaponry. Everyone starts with nothing, unless you created a loadout that included some utitliy.You start the game picking up stones and sticks to craft basic weapons or traps, and you adventure to collect power ups or random utilities that can be deconstructed to give you money. With enough money you can call in air drops, but you do need to guard your air drop location until it arrives.There are random events during the game that will attract players to certain locations.Pros:-One of the few, or only, Hunger Game clone.-Decent for 15.-Graphics are nice, not photo realistic but enough.-Supports different play styles, kinda.Cons:-Minor motion sickness.-Controls are odd at times.Overall:Get this if you can spare 15 dollars, it is most certainly worth it. Not sure what to do with this when player base dies, since it is after all, a Hunger Games clone, and you can't play the Hunger Games without a player base. But as for the moment, it is certainly a must. And let the odds be ever in your favor."
,Recommended,437220,21813048,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"A game that seems nothing innovative conceptually but it becomes impressive in the variety of strategies you can  develope to survive in the competition, at the beginning i had to learn the ropes by myself, as i don't like to check guides or trailers. Tutorial doesn't give a good impression, looking boring as many other tutorials, and the lag is slightly bothering because pvp is well defined and most of the times requires fast solving solutions, even if the movement of the characters is limited to the usual fps range, i'd add the capability to strafe and to lie on the ground, but maybe it exist in the customization of the skills, that i find actually interesting because it adds strategy to your gameplay, i didn't check in depth yet. The ""outfit"" section looks entertaining for stylist minded people, a varied choice of clothes, (won at a decent score at death or victory), enhancing the humore and taste of the player. The game gives a tough feeling, captivating, even if the first day i kept loosing at any fight but slowly i discovered few ways to have fun. I really don't appreciate the fact that the anticheat contains a sort of bothering adware that alarms my system, but i'd reccomend to have a go at this game because you might find a cool pvp arena for a decent price/quality product that is still in alpha, (that means being used to glitches and feedbacks)."
76561198122493361,Recommended,437220,29778678,Posted: 8 February,all,You've Got No Fans,I have only played 8 hrs but this game is really fun. Very exciting when you run into other players and although I still have not really got to grips with combat and getting equiped I've realised that' my fault and not the games fault. Doesn't seem to get nerfed by a moaning community either *cough Rust.
,Recommended,437220,21720023,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jmz,This is the only game that is optimized and is actsually fun in Early Acess...
,Not Recommended,437220,22695808,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Foolish Paul,"SummaryItem or perk thats absolutly idiotic:Person 1: I agree that needs to be fixedPerson 2 who uses said item or perk: U need 2 git gud scrub XD learn the gameBugs that have been reported multiple times:Person 1: there a bug where ex....Devs: LMAO new clothes, sumission buff, poison darts buff to do 100+ damage lulzUpdates:Devs: the game is more balenced than ever!Day 1 Community: OMG 4-5kk + people playing hypeDay 2 Community: yea its more broken than ever, welp back to H1Z1 and Ark till this is actually fixed and testedIt truly seems the more this game is ""worked"" on the more it dies (gets worse) people exploit things way too much. Like for example, Poison darts make your charater stand still 2 times in about 15 seconds, so getting shot by one will get you hit by an attack. Then after the first time you stand still, they shoot you again with another one, thus creating a chain reaction of not being able to do a thing. This is just one of many OVERLY EXPLOITED ""starts"" people use. ""why do you do it then?"" well because I dont like to ruin a community by these gimmick stratigies. It ruins the game for everyone. This went from being my favorite game to play to being the worst in a matter of a month, its kinda insane."
,Recommended,437220,21643143,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Deshi,"Killed like 6 people and it was 1v1 at the end, had a massive heart attack irl  lost the match."
76561198068214136,Not Recommended,437220,35052124,Posted: 18 September,all,asmcint,"I'm going to be completely blunt. The game is dead. I stopped playing due to the repetition of having only one map only a couple of weeks after I first got the game, and since then it's gotten worse. I don't know if my own reason for leaving is still valid or not, but there's plenty of reason to stay away now. The devs have repeatedly screwed over their own game and refused to roll back their changes despite massive player backlash. Even now, with recent reviews sitting at Mostly Negative and overall reviews at Mixed, they stick to their guns and refuse to undo some of the worst changes. Due to this, the game is undeniably and irrevocably dead, and Xaviant just keeps taking defibrillators to its corpse in a futile effort to resurrect it, without really understanding what originally made it good.Stay way the hell away from this, even if it goes to the worst extreme and goes free-to-play. Xaviant has proven themselves to be completely incapable of accepting that they're wrong, and that can onlyevernegatively affect a game. And shame on them for continuing to charge $24.99 for a title that's long since stopped being worth even $5."
76561197996410827,Recommended,437220,23721418,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tiltmachine,"This game is simply a lot of fun. It captures the feel of what a battle royale game should be.After the initial EA release of the game, the devs released some patches which both improved but also hindered the experience of the game. These were due to the devs trialing different solutions to issues (combat, performance, etc...), however it doesn't always work in their favour.A good example would be an early patch which aimed at greatly improving the lighting of the game. It looked amazing and the devs were clearly very excited to unveil their hard work. Unfortunately this came at a cost and performance took a massive hit. There was a very sudden surge of negative feedback, which is understandable as many people were unable to play the game. The change was reverted and something which the devs put so much effort into was lost with very little acknowledgement and appreciation.Combat is a very hot topic as it's the main reason anyone would play this game. Some changes to the combat were so drastic that players were unable to adapt and it made the game feel sluggish or unresponsive compared to what it once was. Over the course of several patches the combat went up and down as the devs tried to find a solution. It was sink or swim and those who couldn't adapt quit, leaving only the veterans to populate the servers. There weren't any more new players to pick on, and every fight became hard. People would blame the combat changes as to the sole reason why they were now losing games. The truth is everyone just got better at the game and each little mistake you make in combat becomes a bigger deal. Players are left to blame either game mechanics or themselves (and of course it's never their fault, right?)The patch situation has since been addressed with the introduction of test servers. Ideas would be implemented on them first for a few hours at a time and new features can be tested amongst the community without affecting the core game itself.Over time the player-base dropped and moved onto other things but usually with the same idea of ""I'll come back when the game is fixed"". With the natural decline in players and the release of a few other games (Overwatch, Dead by Daylight) it's quite hard for some regions to find games and you may find yourself waiting for a while to play.With all this said, the patch that was just released is by far the biggest step in the right direction. It has greatly optimised the performance of the game, introduced a matchmaking system, as well as balanced out a large number of combat issues.The players are now coming back and with the new matchmaking system this is the best time for new players to try the game.The developers are very hardworking and communicate to the community often.The games definitely worth the price tag."
,Recommended,437220,21690147,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,J U G G E R N A U T,"My god. This is how a early access game should be! Pricing is a STEAL on release and forced microtransactions are nowhere to be seen, man is that refreshing! Gameplay is similar to H1Z1 or if thats not familiar, The Hunger Games. Survive solo or with another friend for some brutal co-op action. There are so many ways to enjoy this game and with so much content you can really have a good time doing the funniest sh*t! Wanna charge into battle fu*king high as sh*t hopped up on every injectable substance you can find? Or perhaps you like to stay in the bushes with a bow and a hundred fu*king poison sticks fortifing the position? I've never had this much fun with an early access game and would easily recommend THE CULLING to all my friends!"
,Recommended,437220,21678140,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Suade,Hella fun!!! Worth my money for sure. This game could be huge if they add the right things. I would like to see some other game modes and 8v8 teams along with Proximity Chat and other cool things but the core of this game is great.
76561198355186512,Recommended,437220,31709806,Posted: 12 May,all,Terror gift-drop.com,preety cool
,Not Recommended,437220,23319400,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,winston churchill,Was: 👌Now: 💩
76561198082098858,Recommended,437220,21669372,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Marcosgmunoz,This game taught me that if you rub something hard enough against something else something cooler pops out. Tried it in real life works 100%. Now I have a pet lion. Miss my dogs though.
76561198001025913,Not Recommended,437220,24219054,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MyGunJammed,"Game has a lot of great things. The crafting system, the map, the borderlands style humor, the loot crate drops, the weapons are all great. The part that kills this game is the rock, paper, siccors combat system. It's terrible. And when the combat system is bad in a game that's all about combat well then you have a bad game. If the devs fix or replace the system I will change my review. I don't  recommend purchasing unless you can get the game from under 4 dollars."
,Not Recommended,437220,29366519,Posted: 19 January,all,Migulegulash,"Bought the game while it was in alpha. It was clunky but interesting many aspects of the game were completely inconsistant or straight up broken. After the release of the newest patch, I don't know how they've done it but, the combat system has gotten even worse. If you enjoy inconsistant spam clicking unbalanced gameplay then this game is the one for you.Don't waste your time and money."
,Recommended,437220,21629117,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mikey Stepp,"this game is amazing, its like gamepllay of rust and the map of ark, its a TRUE hunger games game, its the closest to the ACTUAL feel of a primitive battle royale"
,Recommended,437220,25696365,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,"Mardo, the Unicorn Hunter","Public Review on behalf of the Opium Pulses Steam groupDisclaimer: This is an Early Access review! The review might get updated when the game will come out fully!Few words about the gameYou're one of the 16 contestants, dropped around the closed area on the unknown island. All you know is that you have at most 24 minutes to live... to survive. During those 24 minutes you will need to find and build your weapon of choice, you will be hunted, forced to run, hide and fight for your life, all depends on your own decisions. And belive me, there's plenty of survival tactics - from heavily armored, pumped guy with sledgehammer to smash anyone on your way to victory, to quick as lightning hunter, equipped with bow and a knife to throw, anything to keep your enemies on distance. Do YOU have what is needed to survive in this brutal competition?Advantages- Extremely precise and realistic sounds, even a blind person could tell where exactly is your enemy, what's under his feet and what weapon he holds in his hands- Huge - and I mean it - HUGE variety of weaponry, juices to boost yourself, bonus airdrops and perks to choose from- Awesome graphics, even as for today's standards- Constant and regular updates, really huge props to developers for doing a great job with all those fixes, tweaks and updates to games content- A ton of cosmetic items to make your character either awesomely bright or scary looking, or if you want to, wear military clothes to blend with surrounding you bushes- Fighting system is so expanded and polished that if you'll master it, you can win the game only with 2 stones and a bandage in your backpackDisadvantages- Devs obviously are having problems with balancing mechanics, every patch heavily nerfs one thing and makes few others over powered- Optimalization problems. To be fair, they are being fixed over time, but they are still there (stutter spikes, random fps drops, crashes)SummarySummarizing - the best battle-royale experience you can get right now. If you will turn a blind eye on some minor visual or mechanics bugs, the game is super polished. The variety of everything will keep you interested in game for a great amount of time and even then you won't try everything availiable or new stuff will come up in an update. Game's still not perfect nor close to being finished, but I hope you are aware of it, knowing it's an Early Access game and you're ready for crashes, fps spikes, unbalanced tweaks and whole variety of inconveniences. But that's the only cons about it, let devs finish it and it will be a top tier ""Hunger Games-like"" game. Besides that, The Culling is really challenging and it takes a ton of time to master the perfect way of fighting with people, one little mistake can determine whether you will live or not. Try your best to outsmart enemies with your sneaky tactics or just charge them with hail of lethal blows. Give it a shot, it's worth it, even if you suck at it.Personal score8.5 / 10If you find my review helpful or funny be sure to followOpium Pulsescurator page rightherefor more reviewed games!"
76561197967456907,Not Recommended,437220,22424416,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,crab,"This game will not be good until they actually treat their west coast users like actual consumers. 130 Ping is outrageous, seriously regret buying this game."
76561198100594928,Not Recommended,437220,24249732,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Marlem01,i thought this game is a good idea but it is unplayble ... the combact ( the heart of this game ) is not competitive you must spam casual attacks to kill an opponent  ....
,Recommended,437220,21626761,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dethamphetamine,"This game is fun as hell. I had a blast with the alpha and I'm really excited that they released it 4 days ahead of schedule. If you play that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like H1Z1 Battle Royale (forget what it's called now) you would love this game. its so much better, barely no bugs or glitches in the alpha so I dont see much being found in the actual game. Just buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥ play it. love it."
76561198079324228,Recommended,437220,21635217,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The good names were taken.,pretty buggy
,Recommended,437220,23735149,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Air Force Juan,"The best battle-royale game out there. Great crafting, great weapon system, great gameplay. The experience is intense, as you slay the contestants for the crown, your body pumping with adrenaline, the salt fueling your hunger for murder. Both Free For All and Team Modes are great, but I really feel the Team Mode is the most interesting, makes up for great display of teamwork and tactics.You know what ? Just get this game. It's only Early Access and already kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,437220,23011587,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Smithly,Dead fanbase and its all the devs fault.Never trust early access
76561198014746732,Recommended,437220,28888330,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,123,"This is for the Dev's. You guys have made a very special game for which I know you guys take pride in. This game has had some very glorious moments of hack slashing and strat that you wont find in most other games. I've really stood by it from the start and understood what you guys hope to achieve, I have over 400+ hours invested into this game and can see the distance it can truely go if it was given the proper lovin and spankin it deserves. You have lost a lot of your community because of the updates people are disagreeing with and changes to the game which have made it too easy or in some cases redundant to go certain stratgic fighting styles. Please show some true love for your fan base and open up like the drunk girl at the bar and let us give you some real suggestions to shape the game in a way that your vets will come back to excited to play. It'll give you the time to maybe make some new maps or even throw in a few new weapons/ perks to play with which will bring new players. I would love to help you guys make this game perky like a college freshmen if theres any way I can."
76561198291952069,Recommended,437220,29330232,Posted: 17 January,all,.Tv/No_Lifee,My favorite game RN soo good
,Not Recommended,437220,32751880,Posted: 24 June,all,✰VelvetVixen✰,I haven't even played PLAYERUNKNOWNS BATTLEGROUNDS and i think i'd rather play that than pay 1/3 of a full priced game   for a lackluster game where you'll never find games
,Not Recommended,437220,26481681,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Johnny Tsunami,"They ruined the game, had alot of potential"
,Recommended,437220,28875856,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sokol,"""If I was katniss i'd do..."" simulator 2017."
,Not Recommended,437220,25480768,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ill87,"In September 2016 as the game pretty much died, I wrote:Used to be swift, twitchy combat. Ruined it with the added delay to cater to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players.Now, in January 2017 after the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console patch all I can say is....Wow. Just fkin wow. If only you spent 1/10th the time in the game as you did on the UI/menu's you incompetent fools. The game looks awful and combat is even worse! You have destroyed this game beyond redemption and you dare ask $28 CAD? Unbelieveable. The combat feels so stupid I cannot put to words how utterly brainless it is to meele 1v1, whereas it used to be a great twitchy, exciting dance. Sad."
76561198082561427,Recommended,437220,22048213,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Halfinfected,A great game give you so much adrenaline you dont even have to win to have fun
,Recommended,437220,23210216,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SpaceHamster,"This game is an incredibly fun time if you have some patience and the time to learn the mechanics of the game. It'll probably take you a good chunk of hours just to get the hang of the game and the map, but once you have that stuff and combat basics down the game can be hilarious and competetive.The basics of the game consists of a rock/paper/scissors style combat. Pushing beats out blocking, Blocking beats attacking and Attacking through shoves is a free attack.Think Hunger Games but streamlined into a 20 minute match (most of the time it doesn't last the full 20 either). There are ranged weapons like guns but they're incredibly rare. You can also create a custom loadout of things that you like once you unlock them, so you can play the game in a way that you want to play it. There's lots of Perks and you can have 3 of them in a loadout at once further customizing how you want to take on the Culling.You're going to die a lot, and the game is getting patched frequently, sometimes changing the mechanics of the game a good amount (It's early access, they're trying to balance the game so the combat is as good as it can be), but if you can get over all of that there's plenty of hours of fun to be had. If you don't like a patch, come back in a couple weeks and check it out again because likely there will be another patch waiting for you."
,Not Recommended,437220,31199085,Posted: 17 April,all,DaMiester,"This game is a heaping pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But it wasnt before, The game was great when it came out for the first 4 or so months i was playing everyday and all the extra time i had, Fun airdrops, fun fights. Great combat system until they added a new animation and combat system, and that was there biggest and ♥♥♥♥♥iest update of them all. They added new ""one handed"" push when you have a weapon and their new combat ♥♥♥♥ed the push and block. The combat system was great and everyone was enjoying it, i dont get why the devs changed and carried on. all these player feedbacks are saying revert it to the oringinal and thats what they should do. They should revert it to the oringinal, Say sorry to all the players that bought this game hoping it was going to turn into a great game that they would play everyday.The other thing that absolutely pisses me off. They had the nerve to add skins to the game... ♥♥♥♥ing skins and no work on the ""OLD"" combat system. Dont waste your money on a♥♥♥♥♥♥game like this. If only the devs would listen, Maybe just maybe they could start getting this game high in the charts.Thats me for my review and im tired of playing this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,437220,23204701,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,sammitch,The Culling is the best battle royale type game that there is. There are many ways you can fight in the game with tons of weapon and perk configurations you can run. Xaviant really care about their game and listen to the community. There is definitely improvements with every patch.It has a decent crafting system where you can create your own weapons and utility items. You have the ability to loot different buildings and kill your enemies to get new gear to ensure your victory. I highly recommend this intense and fun game.
,Not Recommended,437220,31421575,Posted: 28 April,all,CryogenicCabbage,this game is dead lmao
,Recommended,437220,21825536,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Vidyabum,"The Culling is a satisfying fps experience. Good use of the UE4 engine and seems very promising. It needs some more polish and love, but I'm enjoying myself with it at the moment. It's like early game Rust sped up  in a last man standing scenerio. Nice price too, worth checking out."
76561198045303020,Not Recommended,437220,26496728,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dezorey,"As you can tell I have A LOT of time playing The Culling, and it was my go to game for a long time, the game was exhilirating and fun and the new patches kept it fresh. However I can not reccomend The Culling in its present state, patch after patch of poor design choices and removing perks and items instead of even ATTEMPTING to balance them has left the game in a very bland state. If they ever get their game back to the exciting and fun and customizable gameplay of patches like ""Putting the D in defense"" I will return and change this review to a positive one,I say with a heavy heart that I can not reccomend this game"
,Recommended,437220,23720761,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,thats fuucked up,Private lobbies with friends make this game so much more fun
,Recommended,437220,23718257,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DJ usa katy perry fan 13,"I've played this game through the good and the bad. It's an early access game so it's bound to have a patch or two that might have broken something but the devs are always responsive and open to feedback, especially on Reddit. The recent patch was probably the best one yet. The community has also started to grow again since the last patch. Best $15 ever."
,Recommended,437220,22058598,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Omnitude,Have never played a game that has made my heart pound as much as this game has.So good.
,Recommended,437220,21774149,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Den,It's like Manhunt meets The Forest. I like it.
,Recommended,437220,23726085,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CypreZonic,"I have not loved a game as much as I love this game in a long time and with each patch the game is getting better and better!  I want to put this out though that the game is in early access and a lot of the dissapointment comes from two things:1. This is by far the biggest one, they expect the game to be a fully completed game despite it being an early access with a lot of balance changes that still need to be made.2.  The game is hard.  There's no other way to put it, when you launch the game you will suck.  You will feel as though you are helpless.  It takes time to get used to the game and get any good at it.  There are plenty of good tips on the reddit subreddit so you can reach out if you feel as though you're not getting any better.All in all, I expect great things in this game and I'm excited to see where it goes!"
,Not Recommended,437220,25472246,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JoshPit,"Soo, me and my best friend played this game for a whole while as you can see. We took a few breaks here and there but we always came back for some Culling ""Fun"". ""Fun"", that's what my mate called it after he backstabed me in the fight five minuts in the game after we waited for 15 ♥♥♥♥ing minuts in the queue. Honestly don't buy this game. Nobody is playing it anymore except dudes that are really good at hunting you down and kill you in seconds. The company made it's money with this game and it was all fun and gains at the beginning, but than ""early access"" happend and it's dead now. RIP The Culling."
,Recommended,437220,29659059,Posted: 2 February,all,DiStep,"For the longest time I couldn't even run this on my computer (which was an absolute potato at the time, so no wonder) and it sat in my library for nearly a year with only having about 4 or so hours played (less than 20 minutes of actual playtime, other time was fiddling with graphics and such to see if I can make it playable). But now that I revisited the game after being shocked as to why all my items are no longer tradable, I was in awe. I was finally able to play it, but not only that, but the recent updates have been INCREDIBLE! Yes, the game does have its bugs still, but they won't last as long as the devs continue to work as proactively on the game as they have been. But in absolute honesty, I have to say this game is a must-play, ESPECIALLY with a friend (teams of 2 is beyond fun when you have a friend to tag along with you!). I purchased it on sale a long time ago (March 9th of 2016) for around $13.50, and I don't regret one bit of that now. I absolutely recommend people to even pay $25 for this game, it's worth EVERY penny."
76561198111300437,Recommended,437220,29347048,Posted: 18 January,all,Squidward THICC,one of my favorite games
76561198288570027,Recommended,437220,21846593,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DaddyFatSack,Fun addicting game! Hunger games in a PC game!
,Recommended,437220,25769105,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PharaohSteve,The Hunger Games from the comfort of your mouse + keyboard with 100% less Peta
,Not Recommended,437220,24418793,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,"Fronto Jameson, Stuntman",the combat system is awful
76561198316246083,Not Recommended,437220,24416638,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ᏕᎥᏒᏕᏝᎥᎤᏬᎥᎴ,don't buy this game if you live in austrailia or new zealand. you'll never find a match.
,Recommended,437220,21659423,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Abbott_,"The Culling is a pretty cool battle royal-style game that allows you to play free-for-all or with a friend to take on the other contestants. Graphics are good, controls are easy to understant, and they give you a crafting guide so you don't have to waste time trying to figure out how to make things. This is basically The Hunger Games in video game form and that isn't a bad thing at all.The only thing that I do not like about the game is that the prize for first place is the same as the prize for anyone else who does enough damage to get one. If they could set up a reward system that gives the people who place first, second, and third something other than a clothing item, or at least multiple clothing items, I think more people would enjoy playing since they would get more of a reward.All-in-all I love playing the game in both free-for-all and in teams. Its really fun and really addicting. I would recommend getting it if you like this style of battle royale games."
,Recommended,437220,23074370,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,wormroom,"This is a really neat game. The design is rock solid except for its most important element: Combat. Let's start with the good stuff:This is my kind of survival experienceOne of my biggest complaints about most survival games is that most of them expect you to want your time to be wasted. The Culling doesn't, and I think that's really commendable. The game's basic mode (and my favorite) is an FFA, Battle Royale-style (or Hunger Games for those who haven't seen the best survival movie of all time) murderfest. Unlike long-term survival games (think Day Z, Rust, and the one with the Dinosaurs in it), The Culling's base mode boils down all of the worst-case-scenario social interactions that make these games so great into about 20 minutes.Deciding, for example, whether to try to punch out a spear-wielding sociopath because I decided to make a beeline for the lootable building near my spawn and came up empty is a really powerful feeling.Crafting, Mood and pacingTo get it out of the way: Yes, you punch trees in The Culling. Unlike most crafty survival games, however, the absurd practice of lumber-fisticuffs sorta makes sense within the tongue-in-cheek setting. You don't punch trees because there's no other logical way to find resources, you punch trees because trees make sticks and you only need two to bandage your bleeding gut.Crafting is quick, satisfying and completely fits into the gameshow-y atmosphere. You'll spend most of your time collecting weapons,  salvaging them for FUNC (the game's primary resource) and then using that FUNC to either open in-world boxes or to call down a wide variety of airdropped equipment.Barring specific airdropped equipment, almost all progression in The Culling is based entirely around a single game. You won't ever see a perk that you haven't unlocked yet. I think that's great. Instead of working your way up a crafting tree, I've found that most character builds focus on easy-to-grasp playstyles.The two best examples off the top of my head is the close-range helldemon and the gun-wielding stealthlord. Both of these builds force players to scrounge for as much FUNC as they can get their hands on, but specific perk choices (you can pick 3) mean that they'll probably have to go about it differently.Close-range characters are best at murdering their enemies in the first phase of the game. He/she will probably pick up a sprint, health, and damage buff for their melee weapon of choice. They'll craft a weapon as quickly as possible then scout around buildings for any suspiciously-open doors or lockers. From there, successfulling ambushing enough targets will earn them enough to get their hands on an airdropped chainsaw. The chainsaw is deadly, satisfying and a beautiful cherry on top of any melee build.Long-range characters don't have to resort to murder, and instead will usually pick silent running, bow/gun aim buffs, and either a craft or trap bonus. They'll run around the map, hunting down FUNC through strategically placed skulls and energy containers. Bows, while functional and craft-friendly, aren't generally able to take out a bludgeon-wielding sociopath hopped up on whatever stims he's picked up in an abandoned research facility. With luck and enough moxie, he/she'll airdrop an extremely powerful rifle, then be tasked with killing enough players to deal with its prohibitively expensive ammunition cost.There's a massive range between these two playstyles, but those're the two I've had some real fun with.The combat is real bad.My eternal love for melee-focused first-person titles like Chivalry lead me to one conclusion after about 20 hours of The Culling: Rock, paper, scissors doesn't work all that well in a twitch combat experience. This part gets tough to explain, but bear with me.The basic combat is as follows:- Left-click attacks, and can be held down to charge a heavily-damaging strike.- Right click blocks, and will block any melee attack (not sure if chainsaws are included here) facing the front of the defender's hitbox.- Q (or whatever) shoves your opponent, intended to punish someone for blocking too long.- Blocked attacks cause the attacker to stagger for a moment, offering the defender a chance to take a quick swing.Seems simple enough, right?Sadly, the system's simplicity means that there's not a whole lot of room for weapon specialization, aim or consistency within the game's confrontations. Most of my success has come from exploiting the game's floaty hitboxes and not-quite-accurate animations to score cheap shots on opponents who didn't search ""the culling combat tricks"" on YouTube.My other move was to start charging an attack, wait for the opponent to block, and then cancel out of it by quickly pressing the right mouse button to follow up with a shove. I'm not sure if this is an exploit or not, but it doesn't make me feel all that good.Using Chivalry's system as an example, I'd really like to see location based damage, multiple swing-styles and more uniqueness added to each melee weapon type (knives, bludgeons and spears). Fast weapons shouldn't punish their users as harshly for blocking, while stronger weapons should command a wider arc in front of their wielder. Rock, paper, scissors is a great starting point, but each weapon should offer its own set of rock, paper and scissor options to increase the game's skill-ceiling.With all of that said, though, The Culling is one of the freshest takes that I've seen on a quickly-tiring formula. All praise be to the developers of the game, and one idea: Let players pay money to have your announcer VA record lines for them. It's another source of revenue, and streamer-types would probably go wild."
,Recommended,437220,22360640,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hope,"IT'S HUNGER GAMES! WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED????One of the most amazing early access games I've played so far. Has a really nice and competitive pvp system which is a bit hard to master and requires both skill and some luck (please note that if you are not a competitive player you won't like the game when you first play because you'll get destroyed repeatedly before learning how to fight properly).Currently has only 1 map but it's fine - it's big enough and there are countless scenarios gameplay-wise. Lots of weapons, skins, airdrops, and perks to choose from.Has 4 modes, 1st is FFA (free for all) - 16 people everyone for themselves, the 2nd is teams of 2 people each with 8 teams in a total of 16 players (you can invite a friend on steam to team up with or just get a random one paired with you), 3rd mode is called ""Trials"" and it opens every once in a while in a specific time and it requires a ""Trial Token"" to enter - which you get by winning a FFA match - this makes ""Trials"" harder because only experienced players will be able to play this. 4th mode is rather new and it is called ""Lightning"" - same as FFA but with less time, less people (8 instead of 16) and a smaller map.Game doesn't lagg much (if you get laggs there are easy ways to fix it).Cool and easy to learn crafting system with ingame currency.After playing it barely 1 week, I give it 9/10, considering no game is perfect, and that it is still in early stages and has alot more to be added to it.EDIT: Jul 31st, 2016.After 4 mothns and 150ish hours into the game now, my rating hasn't changed - 9/10, and that's because I feel like the devs are still experimanting with nerfs and tweaks too much for it to be perfect, but this is something that can never change with a game such as this with constant updates since new elements are being introduced continuously.Please note the last edit date on this review so you know how updated this is compared to the current date.P.S:The rush of adrenaline this game gives you is SOMETHING ELSE!So if you like it when your heart starts to pound hard when playing a game you should definately buy it."
,Not Recommended,437220,26640949,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,is it really gay to kiss males?,Looking for a game in Australia = 68 min queue
76561198106902167,Recommended,437220,32725738,Posted: 24 June,all,BasicParasite,Great game. Deserves more players. You can still find a game though depending on the time you are playing
76561198274918643,Recommended,437220,29346232,Posted: 18 January,all,lemonpotato,25 bucks tf is this m8 way to much
,Not Recommended,437220,24253037,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Reg,10/10 wait times
,Recommended,437220,22281283,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,crelm toothpaste,do you know what the culling is?it's a great stream gameit's a game you can go online and ♥♥♥♥ing wreck a bunch of kids atbut sometimes you run into a dadpleas like my review
,Not Recommended,437220,22539343,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Evelyn sP,"Ok let me start with saying this. When this game first came out it was the most fun i have had in a long time it was the perfect game Everything looked amazing ""other then the bridge"" and it was all wonderfully balanced then they started to update it and TRY to ""fix"" the combat system and end up ♥♥♥♥ing breaking the best ♥♥♥♥ing game out at the moment yet I still played it because it was only broken a little but then they ♥♥♥♥ing update it more and just ♥♥♥♥ing break the entire ♥♥♥♥ing combat system where all you do to get a kill is ♥♥♥♥ing spam left click O BUT THE OTHER PERSON CAN JUST BLOCK       no the ♥♥♥♥ing cant the blocking in this game is as usefull as a ♥♥♥♥ing autistic monkey bashing its balls on a rock. The push animation in the game works but the ♥♥♥♥ing action of stunning the other man does not work while on your screen they are being pushed back on there screen they and shoving the crafted knife up your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥hole. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME if you are wanting players and wanting to improve your ♥♥♥♥ing game then ♥♥♥♥ing take the combat system back to its ♥♥♥♥ing original place ♥♥♥♥ YOU"
76561197996768219,Not Recommended,437220,21962707,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,iLLER .,"The Culling.A last man standing multiplayer deathmatch game with survival elements (basic crafting, looting, basic resource gathering). It's a Battle Royale-esque game(though more like The Condemned IMO), that takes place inside a dome with 16 contestants and up to 25 minute rounds.The game itself has a good concept but overall it feels quite cheap.The melee combat system uses a rock, paper, scissors mechanism consisting of attack, block & shove. The balancing with the system is fine IMO, no complaints here. (Shoving briefly staggers the opponent or 'defeats' their block for those wondering.)The system is quite clunky in its current state though. Seeing as melee combat is essentially the main aspect of the game, it is quite disappointing. The feedback when you land a blow or get struck isn't great either. Rust has better melee feedback (& that isn't saying much).Add bad netcode and high latency servers on top of that and it just feels very sloppy.(AWS cloud servers btw.. Horrible for real-time/twitch games. I hope they eventually move to proper dedicated servers!)I understand it's in Early Access, but compared to the other Early Access games I've played, this is lacking. Ireallywanted to like this game but the basic elements that make up the core gameplay have been ...I wouldn't saypoorlybut rather,crudelyexecuted.Honestly, I would probably come back to this game sometime in the future once more time has been spent developing the core mechanics. I see a promising future ahead for this game as long as they iron out the kinks and continue working on and improving the current foundations of the game, but I don't see that happening for at least another 6+ months so that's why I cannot recommend the game at this point in time."
,Not Recommended,437220,22474408,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Noraa,The combat in this game is horrible. Its just a random spam fest of push and block until one of you gets lucky and staggers their opponent.
,Not Recommended,437220,24247688,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Earthworm Jimbo,The combat is literally atrocious to the point where the game is unplayable and not any fun.
,Not Recommended,437220,23222442,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Sernlol,"Horrible optimalization - I run witcher 3 on ultra without any problems, in this game I barely get 60fps on low settings.Server suck - As I get ping of 30ms in most of the games in this one it's 80+ usualy around 100Laggy combat - You have to predict enemy moves in melee combat, it's not skill based in this patch at all (it was much better previously)"
76561198038754341,Not Recommended,437220,23134620,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NotG00n,"This game has way too many faults to it. I realize it's early access, but that doesn't mean we have to reset the game 10 times to be able to recieve an invite to a lobby. The stamina is ridiculous, my 90 year old grandma has better stamina than these characters. When I have multiple perks adding to my speed and stamina and then I'm still being outrunned... Like what's the point? I feel like when the game says ""adds 50% speed/stamina"" it really means, you've gone from obesity to slightly obese. The hype from the big players on Youtube is the downfall to this game. We all come in with high expectations and then after one game turn to wanting to play CoD. Not the good CoDs.. the bad ones."
,Recommended,437220,21846942,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,hitler simulator.GAS EVERYWHERE
,Not Recommended,437220,29164084,Posted: 10 January,all,Shark,"This game was outstanding when it was first released on steam. Unfortunately, the devs chose a greedy path and did the one thing that no game company should ever do. They refused to listen to their community. The developers were more than happy to take in all of the media spotlight the game was getting from big youtubers and streamers (FrankieOnPC, Summit1G, and PsiSyndicate just to name a few), but they refused to listen to ANY of the critique that was given to them. It's sad to see a developer get the ""Well sure this thing sucks, but look at this, this thing is really good!"" mentality. That's what caused this game to die, and that's EXACTLY why they are trying to shift their focus towards gaining a following on the Xbox One."
,Not Recommended,437220,23781342,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fap Bunny,Currently OCE server is like dead/infinitely queue.Other servers have insane high ping.  Should wait a bit ( maybe before the sale end ?) and check on server updates before you buy.- for Australia/New Zealand players
,Not Recommended,437220,23394764,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cannibal,"Yeah. I want my money back.This game went from good, to bad, to worse. I bought this in early early access and have played a decent bit of it.They've ruined this game, so bad. They won't listen to their fans, who've payed for an unfinished product to support development. The developers have taken our money, most likely bought themselves some new desks and computers, and have sent this game down the proverbial sh***er. Excuse my language, but it's true.This game and these developers do not deserve your time, your money, or your frustration. They are nothing but frauds, who claim to be about the community and those who dedicate themselves to their game. If you like a horrible, destroyed game with flawed mechanics and bugs that will never be fixed, and constantly decaying content that loses sustenence with every patch, then this is the game for you. If you enjoy decent content, nice and friendly developers, or the idea that a company might listen to their paying customers. I encourage you to NOT buy this game UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE.Don't make the mistake I made by paying for this game. Save your money for a developer that deserves it.Don't get me wrong, the game actually was a very good concept in the beginning, and early builds were incredibly fun. If they'd just listen to their community instead of turning a blind eye to their paying customers, this game would definitely be going places far beyind triple-a titles. However the developers have ruined any chance of this game being worth your time or money.tl;dr - Developers are frauds, don't give them your money. Don't give them your time. Spit on these developers and laugh as they burn for disrespecting their paying customers and ignoring any sensible feedback for their so called 'Game'PS. I'd like a refund, which they won't give us because they know they'll never make the money back. They owe it to us, for what a mess theyve made of this. This doesn't even qualify as a game anymore, and it is not what I paid for in the slightest."
,Not Recommended,437220,23276480,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,doing 3s only,"Devs constantly trying to close the skill gap between skilled and unskilled players and they are doing it effectively. Combat used to be fast and skilled and now it is filled with vulchers and long boring fights. If you arent good at most games, you should get this game because after a few more updates you will be very competitive.EDIT: New patch came out, they seem to have missed the mark with this one as well. Thank god overwatch came out, i couldnt keep playing this."
,Recommended,437220,21848154,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,beefdaddy 🔰,Oceanic Servers Pls
76561198021236972,Recommended,437220,21741743,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Spear & Shield,Better than the division
76561198040159070,Recommended,437220,29410318,Posted: 21 January,all,Tito Christ,"Culling Review from long time player:I had purchased The Culling since day 1 it was on steam. It was a game that interested me and I had fun in the closed beta with it. The game at first had its many bugs (as most EA games do) but it wasn't completely horrible. As well as the developers making hot fixes nearly every week to improve the game. It was a very fun and unique BR experience and I enjoyed it alot, having several wins and even more losses, it was a game that I could truly go back to time and time again.Early on the game had some performance issues and I always had to play low settings, but it was survivable. However after a couple of updates to the game it had begun to slowly turn into something quite dissapointing. The combat system was very broken and almost skilless spam. Weapons were too easily aquired making the more veterans of the game much more capable of taking out everyone else, and somehow the performance had gotten worse to the point of not being able to play it anymore. (this being said, this was on my old low end pc)With the recent update I have to say the game is currently at its best state and is once again amazing. The new map is very fun, as well as all the new editions such as the crate and skin system (similar to overwatch's), HUGE optimization, more weapons, more balancing and it has become such a fun game again. Currently there are some server instabliity but they are once again being fixed daily by the active developers. I wouldnt have said to purchase this game before as It was heading in a direction that didn't seem like it would be succcessful, but with the latest big patch and the devs listening to the community again I believe its a game well worth purchasing.Some recorded gameplayhttps://youtu.be/CiRa6w4A3B0"
,Recommended,437220,23874857,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,the massive ((show)),"This game is brilliant. It's glitchy and freezes quite frequently, but this is expected from an early access game.Essentially, the culling is like the hunger games, but more weapons and no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ subplots. There are a fair few weapons for early access too, and from what I've seen the devs are adding more as well as adding more stuff, updating graphics and sorting out bugs; generally making the game better for everyone.The main issue I have with this game is its sale price (although I can't be one to complain, I bought DayZ for £23 and Rust for £15.), but this can be waived because of the huge amount of replayability. If you like hardcore PVP and scavenging and want to help make the game better, you should definitely pick it up if you have the chance."
,Recommended,437220,29392702,Posted: 21 January,all,Raiden,Nice update new map new weapon new menu new gameplay (Fix bug for cull crates and xp system thanks)
76561198074673337,Recommended,437220,29393412,Posted: 21 January,all,Zizitrouille,"Haven't play this game since a long long  time because of changes made before. But right now, with the new patch, devs are doing a very good job. The game is in a really good state !! Makes me happy to play it again. There is no other game like Culling ! It is worth your money right now for sure !If devs continues like they do right now it's gonna be an amazing game !See you on the island !"
,Recommended,437220,23900718,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dadadah,"Alright, so I guess after 150 hours I should post a little something about this game. There will be a TLDR below.So I would like to start that this game IS in early access, so while I may make some complaints they are likely to be fixed/mitigated by future patches.I'm going to start with cons:Bugs. Bugs everywhere, but that's expected because the game is still being developed. It's a little irritating but I get over it quickly.Hacking has been an issue. I have seen a few hackers throughout my playing, but as well as bugs, this is expected in the development.Rage! This game is so rage inducing that I may have a heart attack by time I'm 30 if I keep playing this! This can be considered a pro as well but I will call it a con.Here's the good part though, the pros:The devs listen! It's not very often you find dedicated devs who listen to the community so well. There was a problem with people teaming in solo matches, and they have erradicated that problem with new anti-teaming measures that have reduced the amount of pre-mediated teaming greatly.Fairness. This game is very balanced and is being more balanced every patch. It gives a style of gameplay where you can win one match and lose the next in your first fight. It's great.Adrenaline. Holy crap the adrenaline. This game gets my heart pumping so fast that I almost blow chunks. Multiple times I have screamed in agony when I die near the end, and other times when my teamate and I win, we rush down the hall (we live in dorm rooms) and give each other high fives screaming like we just won the Olympic games. Absolutely one of the best feelings in the world.TLDR-So, all in all, this game is my new favorite and has given me a huge variety of feelings from anguish to super elation. I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who has drug addictions, adrenaline addictions, or anyone who is trying to get away from an addiction, though you will form a new one!"
76561198066992599,Recommended,437220,22209225,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bondjens,- Joined the game- Blocked a machete with my hands- Killed a guy who had a machete with a stone knife- Found spear- Threw spear in someone's head- They died- Saw only 3 people were left alive- got rekt by a sniper10/10 woud recommend this game
76561198060713967,Recommended,437220,28354702,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,WatsintheBox,"West coast servers would be great!!! I cant understand why they took them away.ping is a big issue when the game, not being able to block an attack cause of it, or hitting a block cause of lag. its just getting real old!i just hope this new update does something for the west. or iam done"
76561198038900628,Recommended,437220,23659016,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,^3(((1st))),"HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY reccomend.LOVE this game! One of the most incredible games out there. Honestly can't remember when I had this much fun on a game playing with my friends since Nazi Zombies in Call of Duty.The developers are incredible, RESPONSIVE individuals who make this game as well as community incredible."
76561198107464637,Recommended,437220,23866961,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Keystrokes,"Alright so just remember this game is in alpha and is getting many many updates constantly. The game is (from what I heard) set to release in 2017. Right now the game is really fun and amazing, gets the adrenalin going whenever your one of the final people left in the arena. Its very challenging if your facing people with hundreds of more than you and requires a lot of skill. So remember that when you keep on loosing, I currently only have 4 wins and I have 25 hours on it. So don't quit if your doing bad, you'll get better from experience."
,Recommended,437220,31480390,Posted: 30 April,all,WassySK,"Fun , challanging , frustrating."
76561198005998751,Recommended,437220,29382888,Posted: 20 January,all,Emtec95®,Since the last update the games is in a way better state! 8/10 would recommend.
76561198030292414,Recommended,437220,23362898,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MoTi,"Truly awesome and brutal game! It is by far the most emotionaly tense multiplayer game I've ever played! I really recommend it. Though patches change drastically the game mechanism (mainly how build to play and how melee works) it is still worth to play, you just have to get used to, adapt and learn how to win in each new patch! It is very fun even more so if you can play with a friend in the team matches!Again, don't listen to the bad rep of ""the new patches broke the game"" ... yes it is not the same anymore but the people don't get that the developpers try to get it to an equilibrium and that is not an easy thing to do with so much early fans."
,Recommended,437220,21795120,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MicOn,good game
76561198043841230,Recommended,437220,29385341,Posted: 20 January,all,Theus Bastion,"The culling is an exhilarating game, featuring the most blunt and brutally fun pvp combat of any game I've played. If you like fast-paced combat that rewards skill, but has a decent amount of strategy to it, you should seriously consider buying this game. The combat is not really complex, but has plenty of elements to keep it fresh and interesting, and having every round be inside of a shrinking map filled with blood thirsty players will always keep you on edge.Apart from the gameplay the culling also has great style, with well executed comedic elements.But perhaps more importantly, the devs are doing amazing work on this game, releasing updates often, and having released a massive update recently which transitions the game from alpha to beta (despite having received inordinate amounts of salty hateful comments during this process). The game is decidedly better than it ever was before, and the most recent update shows a promising future."
,Recommended,437220,22791427,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Quaydus,good old gruesome fun
76561197978736756,Recommended,437220,22670180,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Sympton,"BEST game ever. and guys whoever is reading this, the reviews might only be 64% postive but thats because its still early access and changes are beeing made constantly.HOWEVER the game is now getting better and better every single patch.IT IS a brilliant game, one that i would recommend to  EVERYONE.a lot of reviews here are out of date.it is a diamond of a game and a true must buy, even more so because its only 15 euros.you will NOT be sorry for trying this game out.playing it every single day and its only early access!!Sky is the limit with this one. cant wait to see it reach the top."
76561198170022178,Recommended,437220,21651842,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Obii,Buy it.
,Recommended,437220,29381685,Posted: 20 January,all,Jordan`,"This update changes everything. New map, better combat, taunts, more customization, better loot system, everything. Just needs some ironing out of the kinks and it'll be amazing.EDIT: Another great update in the right direction. Please ignore the reviews from before the updates, and especially the ones from the people with less than an hour from the free weekend."
76561198070553338,Recommended,437220,29408706,Posted: 21 January,all,Fookin Floof,"TLDR: Game was broken for a small bit, they fixed it, added a ton of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ more fun than it's ever been before.All reviews prior to  ~Jan 18 2017 are basically null and void.30% RNG    70% Quick reflex combat    100% Rage/FunThe devs put some serious work into this game and I love em for it.10 outta 10- Would potentially cull my computer screen again.This isn't so much a review as it is me kind of addressing the flak this game has caught mostly for things that aren't even relevant anymore, as of late.This game is rage inducing in the right ways. I've been on and off of this game since a couple months after inital release so I've experienced most of the ups and downs of all the patches and updates.There has been A LOT of revamping in almost every aspect since the game started. A lot of goods, a lot of not so goods. This last update? HELLA good, especially fixing the combat mechanics they royally messed up in the previous patch.Aside from the game itself, I appreciate how much effort the devs seem to put into this game and respect their willingness and fearlessness when it comes to tweaking certain things in the game. They've gotten a lot of crap for breaking the fighting feature a couple of times but they always seem to balance it right out again and still have it different to how it use to be."
,Recommended,437220,29436587,Posted: 22 January,all,John Galt,"Loving the new update, just a few bug fixs and changes and it all set!"
,Not Recommended,437220,31225904,Posted: 18 April,all,ChiefKief,"I don't often write reviews. However I feel I need to for the Culling.It would be fairly easy to harp on about how good it was, back in the day.However, the short of it is, the game has barely no more than 150 players at it's peak. Whilst yes, you do only need a further 15 for a full game. I can't imagine it would be fun for a new player joining who ends up playing against high hour players, every time.Secondly, the recent price increase. Yes a game must make money, but it also needs a solid player base to sustain it. The devs have drove away many players through their stubborness to listen and to make changes. £19 for a game that has such a small base? At it's heart it is still a good game, but it was and could have been amazing.Maybe, just maybe, one day there will be reason for us to come back, but until then I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,437220,23709810,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Vincorama,This game is back on track!New update fixed most if not all that was complained about in the past.And with the huge fps boost i'm finally able to enjoy it again.
,Recommended,437220,21694116,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SL4DE,"Have an option to get rid of the guns, and you have something better than H1Z1 Battle Royale."
,Recommended,437220,23857692,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RedPowder,"I've recently purchased this game after I've refunded a game I used to have interest in but have not found it entertaining. So far, I've had fun with it, and I think it will continue for a while.The community is small but dedicated, and I haven't really had trouble with long queues so far (EU).The gameplay is something you have to try out for yourself, can't really explain it, the combat seems fair enough from my point of view and you can outplay anyone if you're a smart one.I've gotten a few kills so far, but haven't won a match yet, but that's understandable, I'm around 4 hours in at the point of writing, and the game also has a steep learning curve.It is very competitive, giving you that adrenaline rush when you jump in a fight, or when you're trying to escape from someone, and it has numerous ways to play it, making each round fun.Performance-wise, I'm able to run this game on all High, with max view distance on 60 FPS constantly on what I'd call a budget setup (i7, 16GB of ram and a Radeon R9 390 8GB card). It looks and feels really nice, and I'm happy with it.I'd be a hypocrite to say it ran perfectly, I've experienced a couple of frame drops to 1-3FPS but that didn't last for more than 1-2 seconds, which is understandable considering the game is still in EA, and it hasn't really been an impediment for me.So far so good, I've been a longtime fan of the game, and noticing the waters have cleared out a bit, I've decided to get the game and try it out myself. I haven't been dissapointed. I could recommend this to anyone looking for a fast paced arena game, for only around a couple $."
,Recommended,437220,23819938,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Epople,Very fun game. The ability to hunt other players or scavenge or even be a vulture and pick at the leftovers is so much fun.
76561198097712673,Not Recommended,437220,22696263,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Niar,"With the Weaponsspeed change 3 Weeks ago i thought, God is this Combat system Bad now, thankfully they changed it nearly as it was before, cause the community cryed and spam the forums that Combat was exellent before the patch, dont change a running system.Guess what they did yesterday, Change the Combat system, now even Worse, Its more or less RNG who wins cause Blocking and Shoving is totally Bugged.At first i was like wow, the developers are really nice, working with the community and everything, but really they are not, more worse then in games like Dayz or H1z1, The community like our combat system, its Skillfull and mostly Fair? Why not change it and make it 80% Random? yay!Seriously dont buy this game, maybe with dropping Selling count and Playerbase the Developers learn to not Fu.ck their community, but most likely its too late then."
,Recommended,437220,21776673,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,$$$,"i am not normally the type of person that is pasant with these game because i need to be intertaided easy and fast, but when i got this i had the hunger games in mind and as it is a early access game is is AMAZING!!!!!!!!! i would def buy this for friends to come and play as it is fun as hell. i need normaly a fast paste game and this bring somehting new to the table as it is a 20-25 min games which may seem long but with all the fun i had i got to say it goes so quick. getting a kill is such a rush as i am not very good at the game but i cannot wait to play with some friends on this game! great job and i hope they add more things in. also the crafting is supper simple to understand! amazing weldone on this game"
,Not Recommended,437220,26675425,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Shiftyuu,"You done ♥♥♥♥ed up. I remember when everyone was playing this, Frankie introduced me and now this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ 200 average players? What a joke, if that isn't an indicator of how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has become then I don't know what is."
,Recommended,437220,29383672,Posted: 20 January,all,Blakey121201,All posts/reviews past 28/10/17 are invalid. The new update has made the game insanly fun to play and is now amazing!
,Recommended,437220,22690332,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/cryon1cang3l,"One of the best games in the last time. Lots of updates, instant hotfixes and runs like a dream.And no, my PC is not a dream, 60FPS on a GTX 970 from 2014 (still a midrange card) is meh, 3x 980Ti SLI watercooled is what i call a dream.The game is in early access so expect a lot of changes, mostly positive, the negative changes affect the OP stuff to balance things out.And you will need skill and a decent connection to the server to win against an average player.Remember that the servers are located: Ashburn, VA (east coast USA), Frankfurt, Germany (western Germany) and OCE (who cares about that? :D ). If you live too far away from mentioned places, you will have 100-250ms, depends on how far you away you live from civilisation.Personal opinion: the game feels really balanced with the patch from 27/4 and the hotfix today.Looks better than before, is still playable on every midrange potato with 60FPS. Really love it, its also fun to watch on stream since the game creates a lot of action and funny moments every match.Want a battle royal with focus on melee combat? Thats your game."
,Recommended,437220,22449293,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TheWhiteTigerZ,"[AMAZING GAME]Very fun game with heaps of potential.DEVS Need to add the option to be able to have a inventory would help alot with moving items around.Also would be very nice if they made a Survival Mode not just Battle Royal.Other then all that 10/10 game 100% would suggest buying, Worth the $15USD"
,Recommended,437220,23323165,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,BiggerGnome,"Good game with a rough combat system. In free for all it is mainly down to luck if you get the kill or get killed. Combat is 3 main moves block attack and push, push counter block, block counters attack, attack counters push. Alot of character custonmisation, perks, clothing and airdrops. The map isn\'t very big therefore everyone already knows all the places to find gear. Heavily reliant on RNG to find gear."
76561198001528901,Recommended,437220,23722560,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tricorne Guy,Gaem ist gut.
76561198071017028,Recommended,437220,22788620,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Graph_X,Pretty fun when you play with a friend!
,Recommended,437220,31589022,Posted: 6 May,all,Nebulosa,"Has it's obvious problems, but overall decently frustrating and fun at the same time.I do think new players could benefit from some sort of better matchmaking early on. Getting repeatedly stomped by veterans before you're even able to learn the game is likely turning people away.I did not play the game during initial release, and I cannot compare what exists now to what existed then.But overall I actually *do* like this game, even if I'm a scrub.Fix the bugs though. The fatal error issue + inability to leave a game after death without exiting the game to desktop is getting annoying.Would also recommend a caster / purely spectator mode for people that want to watch a game but not play."
,Recommended,437220,23857470,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fivos,Very nice game it would be nice if it had also achivements
,Not Recommended,437220,21697147,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Lumix .,"The Culling, Spirit daughter of WarZ aka Infestation : Survivors StoriesOnce upon a time a game called The culling was born in the lovely world of ""Early Access"" full of promises just like her spiritual father.The baby was ugly at born, missing texture all over the face then at some point she hit puberty and became fabulous ! She was fun, nice, playful, beautiful, she was my crush ♥One day the evil man Xaviant spelled a curse on the teenager :Culling, Culling, Culling,You chose beauty over quality,In the dark sea of the falling game you shall remain.Until you are complete again ♫Her suitors wouldn't believe it.She did in fact got better looking over time, especially her lady part (toilet cabin), but the more her suitors knew her the more they saw her real personnality : Trash, one of the worse.At the begining she was wild and full of ""friction"" then like the ♥♥♥♥♥ she is, she charmed new potential suitors and tend to be less wild and less friction toward me, she even ignore some of my best moves due to the distance between us : 90-100ms despite the fact we live in the same kingdom. She is more and more late for the date every time i want to play with her, especially when i bring a friend, she tend to prefer ""random friendly""people over a close cousin relationship, the familly means everything !She even tried to apologize by hooking me up with her twins : ""The Culling Test"" but i lost interest in her over time.We tried to discuss about the relationship but it was too late, all the magic disappeard ! Yet i still like to call her from time to time when i'm bored for an occasional booty call.Don't make the same mistake i did in believing her, she is hopeless and will just break your heart </3"
76561198026524854,Recommended,437220,29383721,Posted: 20 January,all,blackalbino,great game. Greate devs. they brought this back from the grave.
76561198077418326,Recommended,437220,26287007,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PaarT,"This game is extremely fun. There's no other game like it out there. It could use some more players, so if you're on the fence about whether or not you should buy it. Please buy it, I highly recommend this game. I may take you a few games to get a feel for the combat, but once you do, you'll love this game and won't be able to stop playing.Also, if you do get this game and have read this post and remember me. Feel free to add me and I'll help you out :)"
76561198061693524,Recommended,437220,23011353,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,FunkyFloris,"As of the game it's current state: it's fun, addictive and has somegood amount of skill to it if you want get good at it. You can play the game like you want. There are alot of perks and different playstyles you can try out.The FFA is pretty fun, almost as fun as teams, which was weird for me at first sight because I like playing with friends.The teams gamemode is good too, you can team up with your friend and try to win against other premade teams (or random teams).In general it's easily one of the only early access games I have had alot of fun with, and still like playing it consistenly."
76561197968407581,Recommended,437220,23885357,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Die-0-Logic,This game is the only reson why I haven't finished DOOM yet.  At less than half the price I have found 3X the entertainment. It's not ment for people who get frustrated because they can't win. It's ment for people who barell through and eventualy win.
,Not Recommended,437220,22529003,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Richpa,Devs have ruined the game
76561198143535264,Not Recommended,437220,32734146,Posted: 24 June,all,Aukage| ChallengeMe.GG,I played this game when it just had come out: i played it eventhough there were tons of buggs crashes and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i still liked it cuz the balance in the game weapons and combat was really good. Then the creators decided to change all that and just change EVERY SINGLE ASPECT of the game that was actually good and turn it to♥♥♥♥♥♥ This was a really good game with huge potential that just got thrown away by the devs. Do not buy this game until you hear of something positive about it again (which i doubt will happen)
,Recommended,437220,29371834,Posted: 20 January,all,Bawful,"I have been playing this game consistently ever since release.Originally, with each update the game became worse. However, towards the end of Alpha, the devs focused a lot of how combat should flow. This attention to detail actually improved the game!Now, with the newest update, bringing the game into beta, the game is phenomenal. I haven't had this much fun since it released originally. The new map is very fresh. The new quese system is great! Or at least it was, until the ""team only"" bug came into play. However, the devs are working on that as we speak. The addition of skins, currency, loot crates, etc. gives the game purpose. Now, I WANT to try my hardest no matter what. I want that XP. I want the skins. Being able to stat track is also nice, as I can see how well I'm performing and what weapons i work best with.I think this game at least deserves a chance. Unlike majority of other EA games on steam, the devs seem to really truly care about the fans, and their product. They want it to succeed and please everyone. There is very open communication with the devs and the community.Excited to see what the future holds from here!"
,Recommended,437220,21652275,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Strelok,Honestly the best Battle Royale experience to date. Definitely worth the asking price.
,Recommended,437220,28992774,Posted: 3 January,all,TheKing,its a good game but could have much more things for a better game
76561198057403557,Recommended,437220,29363245,Posted: 19 January,all,PaccaPacca,"This game is great just flat out greatOne of the most satisfying games to win out there, and don't listen to some of these other reviews saying ""the game is ded"" they are just flat out lying the game has a new and amazing player base that is happy to play and even has its own discord where you can get help with playing and meet other people to play with."
76561198080714435,Recommended,437220,29508224,Posted: 26 January,all,Russia is my city,kulling ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
,Recommended,437220,31472153,Posted: 30 April,all,Turtle  Storm,This is a really great game :)
,Recommended,437220,29001641,Posted: 4 January,all,PandaHymn,Rage inducing and fun.
,Recommended,437220,29363735,Posted: 19 January,all,Khaos,"They just updated the game, and i must say it was a much needed update, even though it probably would've been better if they had updated it a while back, say, some time near the end of last year, maybe even earlier because this game was slowly dying out.This update suffers from severe technical issues and i expect a hotfix soon.Basically adds a whole bunch of new things and a new map, it's a very good update. It's not necessarily worth more money than it was, but if you have the money, you should get it if you like Battle Royales like H1Z1 and stuff."
,Recommended,437220,29435253,Posted: 22 January,all,τÅđđأ₭,New update totally saved this game
,Recommended,437220,29578287,Posted: 29 January,all,spoopy boi,"Bought this game around the time it first came out, stopped playing for a long while but decided to download again, 1/29/17 and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they have revamped everything. Every issue or broken aspect that made me stop playing was for the most part fixed, combat is challenging and rewarding, I'm hella surprised it's the same game. Absolutely recommend."
,Not Recommended,437220,21878969,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,phiziom,"Can't fight people with higher latencies, they just ghost hit you and you end up losing half your health in seconds from not being able to block in the delays."
76561198161377079,Recommended,437220,21721806,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,THRONIX,Great game. ive onlt played about 3 hours of the game and had a lot of fun. i ended up killing 5 people and winning on my second game it was amazing
76561198116702251,Recommended,437220,22688017,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Globemaster,"This game is going to give me an aneurysm one day and I absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing despise it but I am also madly in love and will throw a spear at anyone who speaks ill of it.The pros-I get to ruin someone's day, multiple times per dayI get to hone my combat strategy for the inevitable Battle Royale ActMe obviously cus I'm a proThe cons-You will get AIDSYou will want to murder the closest human pretty much every time you loseSometimes this game makes me very sadIn all seriousness, this game is going to be something great and it has been most enjoyable to be a part of the development. The devs work hard and release regular updates, although they do feel very experimental. Currently, the combat system is beyond clunky and feels rather gimmicky.Never before in a game have I felt like an absolute madman one moment and then a complete scrub the next. It's very variable and you will want to bash your head into a wall on occasion.But if there is one thing that will ring true forever, it's that the victories feel so gloriously sweet and all the salt you accumulated will suddenly disappear."
,Recommended,437220,23867811,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[NQSL] Hampton,"I see on many of the reviews that there are people complaining about latency, I live on the east coast and have very good on the servers I play on.  It's a fun game and I would recommend it if you live in the eastern part of the US."
76561198126311975,Recommended,437220,23767200,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,amaj98,fun game
,Recommended,437220,29509716,Posted: 26 January,all,dRage,"Actually having fun with this new update, Lots of new skins, Menu is remade god bless.Free cases in each level. Its cool now"
76561198004025374,Recommended,437220,21629476,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Safety First,"As someone who enjoys games dedicated to going out, and cutting people up, only to be butchered in turn - I have one word for this beautiful game.Amazing."
,Recommended,437220,29679475,Posted: 3 February,all,sykoste,Great fun Battle Royale style. Full recommend!
,Not Recommended,437220,34912513,Posted: 12 September,all,Gomez,"This game was amazing when it released, loved it, wasnt like any othern Battle Royale game that had ever been released in my opinion. The game had new mechanics, ran decently well on all hardware, and the graphics were so good. The graphics imop have now been downgraded because of the console ports being a thing, and now also the game play feel has changed. Should have just tweaked a few things to make it run smoother at the beginning with less bugs and then just left it alone because it was amazing as is on launch date. As much as i would love for you guys to buy this game so that i can finally play it again, i cant recommend it strictly because there are better games out there now that have trumped this one. But if the Devs hadnt changed so much of the game and left it the same, i think this game could have been one of the best Battle Royale games as it is very unique compared to the others that are out there"
76561198061050434,Not Recommended,437220,22421673,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bromato,3 out of 10 games in Oceanic server i meet pairs of friends in solo server. What is the point of playing solo if you get ganged up everytime from the start?
,Recommended,437220,23033578,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ZombieSlayerDom,"Insane FPS problems. I have specs over the requirements and still very low FPS even on low settings. Unless this is fixed I will not play, the problem makes this game almost unplayable. Other than that, everything else seems pretty good graphics would be no problem and gameplay would be good. I've seen many people play this game with no problem but trying to play this game for me with 8-10 FPS is annoying and I can't get the good quality I've paid for.PROBLEM SOLVED MY COMPUTER IS JUST CRAP"
,Recommended,437220,21664275,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DeAdMaNWaLkIn,"Early Access games usually comes with a price and you always pay dearly. But the Culling offers something much different, The chance to make others pay and pay with their life's they do. 7.8 hrs of nothing but beating the living crap Out of everybody I see, talk about taking some frustrations out. This game is so fun I lost sleep over it last night dreaming about it.All joking aside unlike most Early Access games, I haven't fallen off the map or lost something cause I moved it to another slot. The game work great. I give the game makers 100% props.The game has great humor for instants, Been looking for a game like H1Z1 Battle Royale with out the SUCK your in LUCK, try our new none SUCK version, It's been polished to perfection we call it THE CULLING.On a side note this game reminds me of the movie the running man. If you haven't seen this movie it ROCKS for and old flik It will always have a place in my heart..https://youtu.be/-ceegnWSENQThanks Brothers for this AWESOME GAME!!"
76561197995017452,Not Recommended,437220,31402758,Posted: 27 April,all,nobody home ed boy,Used to be a good game but the devs wanted the game to be more user-friendly toward new players. How did they achieve that? By removing mechanic after mechanic until the game is nothing more than mashing mouse 1 over and over again. Absolutely no depth to combat and the devs continue to remove mechanics and talents instead of actually balancing the game properly.
,Not Recommended,437220,31384795,Posted: 26 April,all,Jet Jenkins,"The fact that they had the gall to RAISE the price to 25 dollars from 15 is staggering, considering it was halfway decent back then."
,Not Recommended,437220,26528224,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yargh Clooney,"You will get bored of the one and only map they have.Devs would rather create assets like Trump and Hillary masks than introduce fresh locales.Avoid it unless you see they've released a truly significant patch, until then, they just tweak the game and call the updates big.Devs honestly should be ashamed."
76561198040180058,Not Recommended,437220,22791418,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rudy Patootie,"its alright, used to be something i loved, but with the recent updates i just come every now and then to try dumb and funny builds.... oh and if u dont have good fps or ping dont expect to master the combat, because you wont physically be able too lmao. this game is now a game of chance, whoever has the best gear wins everyfight, no matter what, unless you play trapper but its really hard to succesfully lure someone into a trap"
,Recommended,437220,35208687,Posted: 25 September,all,Sasha Darko,"It's a good, polished ""Battle Royal style"" survival game. Don't mind the reviews and try it out for yourself, remember that you can refund if you played for less than 2 hours.I bought it about a year ago for almost a full price (with 10% discount), the game significantly changed since then, not for the better at first, but now I look at and can say I actually like the changes.  Melee doesn't feel clumsy anymore and you can see how much damage you make in numbers. The graphics got better and there are many new GUI elements. They've also added the Tutorial, which is fast and informative. And the second map, yes. Other games of this type have only one.One huge problem is the lack of playerbase and overall Queue thing. Just today there was just 2 players online in Europe. Some hours later, it's 18 (it's when I was able to play). Some time later after that it's 247 (!). WTF? Even then, you still wait for 10+ minutes in the Queue and nothing. You start a lobby, there are 16 queued players and you get no one. It really needs a Server Browser."
,Recommended,437220,22832051,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bruce Leader,"I feel like this game rules.In its current state, a patch comes out every week that makes the game ""unplayable"" for lots of players. A day or so later there is a hotfix that typically fixes almost all the new problems. The whole point of this early access state is to test out a buggy game that doesn't really work yet. This game is buggy, but it works a lot of the time and it's really really fun.I often find myself wondering why I love CSGO and Rocket League. They're really fun games too, but the urge to rank up and progress provides a strong drive to keep playing. The Culling has no rank system (yet). Every time I log into a match I'm playing for the sake of the game. Playing to win. There is no master class rank to work towards, but I'm always trying to get better and figure out the best perks. I love the game purely for the gameplay.Often the reviews will yell and shout about the combat being broken. The combat changes a little with every patch and sometimes changes a lot. But the truth is that these people aren't good at the game. They don't understand how to play, and they would if they played the tutorial. The Culling is highly competitive, despite not having ranked play. And this causes people to feel frustrated. You have to hone your skill in online play which is difficult because every match has very good players in it, and to win you really do need to be the most cunning player.This game was put on early access two months ago, and the rate at which updates and content get added has been absolutely astonishing. I recommend this game to anyone with a powerful computer who loves heartpounding PvP. To anyone else, it may be a risky buy in its current state."
,Not Recommended,437220,26482851,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Lesbisk Keps,Does people still play this game? Devs dont listen to the community.
76561198140767944,Not Recommended,437220,22723827,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ImDarksiderz,The game is poorly optimized. Please optimize so the frame rate isn't so terrible.
,Recommended,437220,23666923,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Dizzy,"Amazing game, it's only got mixed reviews because they're making a lot of changes each patch. They're actively trying to make the game the best it can be, I hope this game survives long enough to be fully released."
,Recommended,437220,23814962,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thunderlord Pence,Very fun. Very frustrating. Very addicting.
,Recommended,437220,23872324,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,☣♤ CHOUMCHOUMBOUK42 ♤☣,"i made a review about a year ago, the game was crazy fun, i did play with a lot of friends but now i played recently and its not even the same game. It had the potential of a true Battle Royale but instead of focusing on the little bug there was, the devs changed their game so much it isnt enjoyable anymore. Giving the circumstances of the game now, i wouldnt recommend it but knowing about the devs, they might change the game again so much that it could be again f2p. The main thing i saw oven every patches is the devs being not sure were to go with their game. Anyway, the game could be nice again if they fix some ♥♥♥♥♥ like the combat and perks like the old way, im sure it would bring back more people."
,Recommended,437220,23887344,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Weeζe,"Hey, they fixed combat. Its fun again :D. Solo or playing with a friend you will fight to the death to be the last one (Or Team) standing, doing this can be hard however because currently there are a few balancing issues. Overall a fun game, committing all the murder has never gave such a bloodlust."
,Not Recommended,437220,23487233,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Bantarific,"Jan 18 UpdateThe audacity of the developers to increase the price of this ridiculously broken game is disgusting. The game is nowhere near complete and yet they increase the price to $25 dollars because they updated the game with a bunch of meaningless cosmetic updates. The servers are completely crashed from a grand total of 1,000 people playing, teams of two are being put into solo queue matches making playing solo unfeasible, gas causes massive fps drop (still) and the ""new weapons"" add nothing to the game. One main problem of this game is how the weapons are completely interchangeable. Fire Axe plays the same as Stone Knife besides the fact that one does more damage. So they added some new weapons that will change nothing about your playstyle or how the game develops and adds absolutely nothing to the game besides some new textures. The new map is alright, I guess? Shows how little they care that they couldn't be bothered to develop an in-game map for the new level but they (finally) put one in for the old one.  Changes to block make 2v1's effectively unwinnable. Enemies can still just walk up to you and spam LMB because there's no feasible way to out DPS two players since you cannot stun someone by playing defensively, only offensively. All game modes are now merged so you can't choose to play teams/solo/lightning round you just have to hope you get the one you want.//Editing because I experienced a glitch during my lightning round before I posted.Lightning rounds are terrible game design. Let me tell you how to win.1. Did you spawn with explosives or a gun?2. If so, take it and hide at the edge of the map.3. Wait until there's only 1-2 other players left4. Go kill them with your full ammo gun/explosives/stims which they have all used because they've been fighting the whole game.Fighting against 7 enemies who all have guns and explosives is just far too risky to be worth it. If one guy happens to dislike you he can guarauntee your death by just alpha striking you with everything in his inventory and you get screwed. Better to just hide and wait for everyone to waste their payloads before you make your move. Unfortunately this is unfun as hell and encourages camping in a supposed ""lightning round.""I'm leaving the quote below because I find it amusing how much they changed core combat from when I posted it, and somehow managed to make it worse than it already was.""We feel combat is in a good place now, and any changes to core combat from now on will be very, very small.""-Apothecary"
,Not Recommended,437220,31163471,Posted: 15 April,all,Bon Jovi bets.gg,"Was good when it came out, but turned very bad. Now multiplayer is dead and it runs like crap. Have fun."
,Recommended,437220,21637092,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LukeR,"This game is the closest to hunger games I think anyone has come. It's not like Arma 3 or H1Z1 Battle Royals were you grab a gun then run around blasting people. The weapons and danger are weighty, combat is scary and risky no matter how good you are, weapons are scarce and you'll be lucky to see a gun once every few games. The thrill is amazing, you can really play any way you want. Nothing is quite as satisfying as stalking your prey through the woods for a few minutes and finally throwing a spear through their back. What a rush! Can't wait to see where they take this game.Things I'd want to see done:- Still needs optimizing, obveously, max graphics drop my fps faster than a stone cold stunner.- Some minor balancing on weapons: a nerf on the taser and buff on some of the melee.- I know they are making some new maps and I'd love to see something more lush. Stalking people through the woods is fun but there isnt a ton of cover.- Bigger team options (3 players or 5 players)- Finally, a voice proximity chat. Every survival battle game needs some trash talk!"
76561198193422075,Not Recommended,437220,23485485,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stephen K. Bannon,"I'm one of the first people to buy this game, when I first played it I loved it and I thought I could watch it grow. But the devs make one bad mistake after another and delete/ban anyone that tries to tell them what's wrong with the game. I used to put in 8 hours a day but now I can't even stomich through one full game.They debalanced the whole game, added badly optimized graphical changes that tanked FPS for everyone that looks like it was thrown together in MS paint, they spread out the q times so now it takes 10 mins to get into a 12 min game, they messed up the hitboxes so  you can be hit when you look like your out of range and you can be backhit when blocking from the side for some reason, and they only listen to newbies who spam threads about how it's unfair that this guy can do this because he practiced.But the final straw was me posting in the community board about my feelings on what was wrong with the past updates and why this game is dead now. In which I was rewarded a perma ban from the game.Just don't play this game it's already dead. The devs are just gonna make it worse. I heard they are trying to tank it so they can move the dev team to their new project."
,Recommended,437220,30453792,Posted: 11 March,all,zyco,"Announcer makes the game great. ""Thanks for killing that contestant, he was doing something odd in the restroom"""
,Recommended,437220,22686822,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Senyra,"Very good game. Gameplay is very fluid and dynamic and most importantly, it requires skill to win and/or survive. Beautiful graphics as well and an interesting crafting/looting system."
76561198058862400,Not Recommended,437220,25263751,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JailBaiter ( ಠ ʖ̯ ಠ),no one on oce servers 45 min waits for a game with just 1 other person
,Not Recommended,437220,29501881,Posted: 26 January,all,WarRage,I liked this game but the constant bad changes they make to the game is killing the player base and the game itself
76561198081679892,Not Recommended,437220,24536169,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Noobix,Neh
76561198012559389,Not Recommended,437220,23103755,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Why So NaCl?™,The game was great an then for some reason they decide to change a ton of things at one time and completly destroy the game.
,Recommended,437220,23869869,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kamren,"Good game. People who are bad are salty and want a fix, get it and complain about that. This game is good so ignore them."
,Recommended,437220,25725978,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DeltaRim,"This is not the full review as steam wont allow me to publish the entire review, if you would like to read the full review, you may find it here:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lyPuY7xtZD-Snv6JxtwWpmj-OcEjuAy9gAjlYh4Jwm8/editIf the review is too long for you, there is a TL;DR at the bottom.The culling is a fast paced, skill based battle royale; all about crafting or obtaining strong weapons and gorily mashing, stabbing or shooting opponents to death. At the menu screen, you are able to edit certain things about your character, these things are – Looks, perks and airdrop packages. Through playing games you get given random cosmetic pieces like jackets, masks and hairstyles, you can equip them though this menu.The perks section allows you to select three advantages your player possesses; you can chain advantages related to the same things to give yourself a major advantage in that thing. Example: you can select all spear related perks, giving yourself a major advantage while using spears. Effects of perks can be anything from raised critical chance to increased throwing damage.While in-game you can obtain a currency called ‘F.U.N.C’, which is rewarded to you for recycling items at F.U.N.C recyclers, killing players, surviving time milestones and collecting from the dismembered limbs of ‘previous contestants’ that randomly spawn around the map. You can use this F.U.N.C to create weapons at holo-spawners, craft things using sticks and rocks, regenerate health at F.U.N.C healing stations and call in airdrops. Airdrops cost large amounts of F.U.N.C and are very visible to other players roaming the map, who generally will test their luck at killing the player who called the package and taking their loot.Airdrops aren’t random, but instead have different titles, such as “Hunter”, which contains a rifle and a manhunter (A device used to locate other players, it points in the direction of the player and tells you how far they are away, but doesn’t tell you distance past 99 feet). If you open an airdrop that hasn’t yet been discovered then it automatically becomes available to select as a permanent drop in the menu. You can set your drop to be completely random, so that you get a different package every time, this allows you to discover new packages so you can set a permanent one you call in in-game and like.There are two game-modes, the first being Free-For-All, meaning every player that queues is entering on their own and fighting for themselves. In this game-mode it is completely prohibited to plan on teaming up with a friend should you get put into the same match, and offenders get banned upon being found guilty. In this game mode the final man alive is the one that wins the game and gets the best cosmetic drop. The second game-mode is Teams, meaning each player gets put in a team with another player, and fights as a two man squad. You can choose to pre-make your team by inviting a friend while queueing in the menu screen or you can dive straight in and get put with another player solely searching. In this mode the last team alive wins, if both players are alive they get cosmetic drops accordingly, but if one died before the end of the match then they would get a worse drop depending on when they died.The combat system is a very skill based rock paper scissors, consisting of blocking, shoving and attacking. A block will mute the damage of an attack and stun the attacker, a shove will break a block and stun the blocker and an attack will cause damage to the opponent and mildly stun them. You are required to block attacks, attack while they shove to break your block and repeat in order to kill the opponent, the outcome of who survives depends on who can read stance quicker and change attack appropriately. All attacks to the back of a player will deal massive amounts more damage, yet NO forms of attack, be it explosive, ballistic, blunt or sharp will instantly kill a player from full health. During combat, players can also throw their weapon for decreased damage, which especially useful and surprising when you’re out of melee range of the player. Unsurprisingly, the javelin has increased throwing damage and does the same amount of damage thrown as when attacking. When a player throws their weapon an enemy can simply pick it up and attack the thrower with it. Players can also obtain bows, through crafting, holo-spawners or crates. These bows can be shot whilst not fully drawn for faster fire but severely decreased damage, their arrows are crafted through sticks found randomly all over the place or smacked out of trees.Melee weapons and bows aren’t the only weapons too; players can also obtain firearms from expensive airdrops. These firearms are extremely high damage, but not one hit kills. Each firearm can have ammunition crafted at explosive barrels around the map, and costs a lot of F.U.N.C. to refill.Pros:Exhilarating combat.Combat feels engaging and weighted, getting hit feels wrong and uncomfortable, attacking an enemy feels good and satisfying.Euphemistic commentator really works.The use of an extremely happy, enthusiastic commentator really sets the theme of the game. Despite him commentating over boxed up pointless slaughter, he’s incredibly happy, this is enjoyably creepy.Great use of cosmetic rewards.The rewards system giving you cool looking garments is a cute way to keep players interested and makes players feel better about surviving longer. It’s fun to play dress up with your murderer.Active developers.Developers are constantly seeking to repair fixes and problems with the game, listening to the community when they complain.GORE, BLOOD, GUTS, KILLIf you enjoy the sound of crunch when you crack your enemies skull with a pipe (I know I do), and seeing the blood spray all over the walls (oh god I know I do) then this game is for you.Cons:Clunky.Navigating and engaging in combat sometimes feels clunky and rough. It’s difficult to enjoy not being able to block because of constant stun.Un-optimised.Game is very laggy on moderate gaming PC’s, stutters around 20 fps for me.Regularly unbalances.The game regularly gets tweaks in certain perks, always favouring some types of weapon. The devs actively work to avoid and fix this.In conclusion, if you have read and enjoyed the hunger games and have relatively good reaction times, you’ll enjoy this.TL;DR:KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL."
,Recommended,437220,24416879,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DefinitelyNotWolf,"With over 350 hours to this game i think it's fair to say this must be my favorite game of the year so far, with so many possibilities and opertunities for different games with around 40 perks and masses of choice in build, if you like throwing you can throw, if you like melle you can beat the living ♥♥♥♥ out of your oponent and if you like bows, traps, guns, explosives, looting they have that too!! And with new patches adding even better opertunities all of the time there is almost nothing you can't do.. apart from make friends with oponents, you try that your balls will be chopped with a cleaver and hung on a tree.The minor things about this game that bug me are probally the amount of glitches (that are currently being ironed out by devs with atleast 3 or 4 hotfixes a month) also some of the perks can seem quite superior to others like for example ""Knuckle Dragger"" it adds an extra 50% dmg to the weapon and makes it pretty op with the damage base becoming what of a tier 3 weapon that can be found easily.Overall what i think stands out about this game is the way it can suprise you, from where your cutting people in have with an axe to backstabbing them with a bowie knife and going to exploding them with c4 and clamore to shooting them with guns and bows to ripping there guts out from inside with a chainsaw.Whatever you may find on the island, there is always going to be more!-DNW"
76561197984095100,Not Recommended,437220,23545363,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,dangrates,"The field of view is trash even on max setting. It feels like you're playing through a paper towel roll.Heavy emphasis on melee combat which boils down to rock, paper, scissors of stab, push, and block.Announcer tries really hard to be claptrap from Borderlands.Only one map, which is poorly optimized.This game has potential but as of 6/13/16 I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,437220,32317463,Posted: 10 June,all,Django EC,"Initially, it was pretty fun.Recently, they changed the loot system, leading many players to lose their past items during the migrations.Builds used to focus around central themes, and the different builds had unique playstyles.  The perks have been all but neutered, and the playstyles are all extremely similar.Compared to other games that are on the market as Battle Royale simulators, this game falls far behind the competition.After this game, I am no longer going to buy any game that is in the Beta phase."
,Recommended,437220,21970496,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kacper783,1.Spawn2.Find no loot3.Craft an bandage and a knife4.Throw the knife at a guy5.Kill him6.Get his gun7.Win the game10/10 would win again.
,Recommended,437220,22229289,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lowtax,"This game can be incredibly fun if you know how to play it correctly.  Unfortunately, I do not.  I apparently possess the uncanny ability to choose the most worthless perks that do absolutely nothing to help me during any particular game.  It doesn't matter what weapons I may find, as I am evitably beaten to death by somebody holding a rock or stapler or egg.  I think I've played this game for around three hours, and in that time frame, I only managed to kill one person (myself, when I suicided from breathing poison gas).  I'm convinced there are award-winning strategies and tips and tricks that everybody in the world knows except me.  I will probably continue playing this game, but I do not foresee myself improving in any conceivable way, and I hope some day the developer addresses this issue and releases a patch that makes me not be so amazingly incompetent.  Maybe they'll add a perk that causes me to instantly die when the game begins, thus saving me the time of having to wander around and find somebody that will club me to death with sticks."
76561198015964611,Not Recommended,437220,29483564,Posted: 25 January,all,Killagore,"Game was great when it first came out. There were lots of perks and stuff that made the game unique and challenging. The combat system was fast and punishing.Recently i started playing this game again and found out that it's been completely destroyed. All the things that made the game really challenging and unique are removed. Perks don't really matter anymore (comparing what they could do back in the days). The combat system became clunky and it just feels way less ""skillfull"" (even for a Rock paper scissor combat system).TL;DR: Game was good when it came out. Now devs have destroyed it."
,Not Recommended,437220,23225250,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,lavO,"Best game of its time, before it started getting updates. Now combat is slow and you cannot do anything other then hope they run out of stamina 1stI think this is the devs 1st game so mybe their next one they will listen to the community a little more instead of just syaing it-------------------------------------------------------------Edit:This game was the 1st kid they ♥♥♥♥ed everything up on here so now with there second kid (console release) they can do it right"
,Not Recommended,437220,32351994,Posted: 11 June,all,nasko7,Never buy games in beta again
76561197970441086,Not Recommended,437220,23155765,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jeebiskit,"200 hours in 2 months so ive seen the good and the bad. Something that was once great....quickly declined from devs trying to appease reddit ♥♥♥♥♥ers. Everything has become noob friendly with no true skill cap.....very dissapointing. I enjoyed this game more than the overwatch....until the latest update. Now when i play i can feel the AIDS settling in, its either swing or block...very boring combat despite what devs claim, UNINSTALL!!! maybe i will come back in 6 months, but chances are another newer game will prevent. XAVIANT FAIL"
76561198090754010,Not Recommended,437220,32373917,Posted: 12 June,all,Hannay39,If u buy this u will die
76561198053480889,Recommended,437220,22554699,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tittymcswag,joined teams modegot a naked man with a backpack on my teamhad 170 ping and walked around like a idiotwe got my airdrop and fair weapons to usei had a sledgehammer and he had a wooden hatchetthe gas turned closer and the 4 teams including us were closing towards the middleall the other teams started to fight and my naked friend killed 2then we won
,Recommended,437220,21784603,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Macca,"Fun game with a great concept, but isn't worth the money until they start adding more world wide servers.There are currently only North American and European servers at the moment, and as an Australian the game gets boring quick due to the disadvantage you have because of your 250+ ping."
76561198085010080,Recommended,437220,23284277,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Blue,"I always wanted a game based off the Hunger Games, and this is the closest thing you'll get if that's what you're looking for. You'll have to craft supplies, traps, and weapons to defend yourself. There is also a crafting system which is very easy to understand in a short amount of time. There are also two game modes. One is a free-for-all, the other is with teams. Basically, in free-for-all you do whatever it takes to survive, whether it's by eliminating players (teams can be made in free-for-all, but treachery is inevitable), waiting the whole game out, or improving supplies.When you're playing in teams mode, you'll be teamed up with another player, so your team will always be 2 players strong. It is crucial that you stick together and craft supplies and weapons for each other to ensure survival. Also, you must rely on each other in combat. Things can get messy pretty fast when you and three, four, or even five other players find themselves in the same area.With all that being said, be warned of the following when you buy this game:-Extremely unreliable (and unintelligent) companions in teams mode. There is a reason why most people play with their friends on here, because being teamed up with random people usually results in the person logging out or dying early because they're too freaking dumb to type in the chat box and communicate with you.-A seriously strange combat system. Here's what you have in combat: Strikes, blocks, and shoves. Striking is so simple, guys. Just hit and cause damage. Blocking is a simple concept too. Just wait for the guy to strike and throw up a block to knock him off balance. But why do those things when you can just shove and strike the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your opponent? (technically, you'll just be shoving them most of the time) Shoves counter blocks, knock the player off balance, and keep them from doing anything to you in retaliation. So just shove them like an idiot and swing dat fist, rock, sword, or whatever you're using as a weapon and they'll be done in no time.-A constantly changing environment. As time progresses, the map you're in gets more dangerous if you haven't already died. Poison gas will eventully be released and will expand all the way into the center of the map after a certain amount of time. That means when you first notice a green cloud of toxic-looking♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you see somebody panicking and running away from it, you probably should be doing the same. The last piece of refuge until the gas completely covers the whole map is the very center. By the time it gets to that point, the most skilled players will most likely be fighting there. So if you're not one of them, then you might as well call it curtains.-There are guns on this game. Be warned that if a person melees you while you have a gun, you'll end up being disarmed and the gun will be stuck on the ground.-I am also terrible at this game, which is why I don't play it that much, so if you end up having me as a teammate, make sure you can do better than me, because we'll most likely end up dead. On the bright side, however, we most likely won't end up dying at the beginning. So we won't be the first ones to lose."
,Not Recommended,437220,22531192,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DAD,"Edit for Negative Review:You'll be banned for trolling streamers. Those same streamers can participate in behavior that normally other players would be banned for. Cool, huh?https://www.reddit.com/r/survivetheculling/comments/4lrqgy/anthony_kongphan_and_the_xaviant_staff_lied_about/https://www.reddit.com/r/survivetheculling/comments/4ly7t4/regarding_the_recent_ban_of_demarini/Review below:Game is slowly returning to the very enjoyable multiplayer BR it once was, unfortunately by now most of the playerbase has jumped ship and the game may have a hard time building it back up, especially considering how slow the devs are to address issues within the game as well as give ANY information on their plans. While the addition of a West Coast NA server was sorely needed, it came at a time where the small NA playerbase couldn't really afford to be split - had they brought a West Coast NA server online sooner (ideally before the April 27th patch that brought about really noticable latency issues) they would have probably maintained the NA playerbase. Overall a great concept and fun game, but if you pick this up expect drastic changes not only in balance but in core game mechanics; The Culling you play now will likely be very different from The Culling you'll play at release, for better or worse. I've updated my review from negative to positive (then back to negative, see above) because the majority of the complaints I had before the latest update have been addressed (Lack of West Coast Server and Broken mechanics), and I have for the most part enjoyed playing the game again. I'd stay skeptical of the development practices, however. These guys are known to not take criticism well and are overly vague when releasing information on development plans, to the point where it would be better if they didn't say anything at all to avoid frustrating a community that already feels burned.Oh, and get ready to Queue. Welcome to: The Queuing.Update 6/18/16: West Coast NA Servers are pretty dead, mainly due to the remaining West Coasters jumping to East Coast for shorter queue times. While this can't really be blamed on the devs, one can't help but feel if the West Coast hadn't been neglected for so long and a server had been brought up sooner that this would be less of an issue. If you are West Coast prepare to play at 120+ ping while your East Coast opponents will have a steady 40-60, and you can certainly expect game mechanics to be nonfluid at that point."
76561198011887120,Recommended,437220,23865151,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DoubleW,"This game is an easy 9.5/10Writing this I have well over 200 hours, and honestly this game doesn't get boring.It's fast paced, match-based awesomeness that provides the thrills I got from Rust, 7DTD, Dayz, but without the absolute grind and time you need in those gamesGot 20 min.?  Like combat where strategy and playstyle are important? Like being able to customize perks, loadouts, playstyles?  Wanna camp and use traps? Wanna be a tank and slaughter faces?  Wanna be a ranger and hit from afar?Then give this game a try, its incredible, great devs, and no other game gives the suspense and thrills that this game can.TLDR;  This game is F*$%#ing amazing, the thrills and excitement are unrivaled.  For under $15 there is NO better value on Steam right now than The Culling.I emplore you, give it a try."
,Recommended,437220,22210675,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,BeckerMilkTea ⦿ @Fortnite BR,Battle Royale Done RighT^^
,Recommended,437220,23623123,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rEEtard,"Edit: 12/27/2016According to Reddit, this game was complete garbage with any unique perks or punishing combat. Nobody plays this game anymore because combat is devoid of thought or strategy.I bought this game a year ago and I thought the game would evolve into something better, but it just got progressively worse at no fault of the devs, they were just following the low skill whiny community's wishes. ♥♥♥♥ you /r/SurvivetheCulling you're the ones that ♥♥♥♥ed this all up, you whiny pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥//OLD REVIEWPros:Intense CombatMedium Skill CapInteresting MechanicsConstant DevelopmentAddictive Box OpeningGameplay Rewards (Items)Cons:Bugs & Crashing(constantly fixed)Low population during offtimes ~5-10 min queuesLag due to aboveHitbox issues due to LagI play this game regularly and noticed that the developers have been constantly listening to the community and updating the game to fit their needs; but honestly, this game still needs improvement. However, I honestly believe, judging by the responsiveness and transparency of the developers, that this game will be miles better than it is now and will continue to improve as time goes on."
76561198051263578,Recommended,437220,23708998,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,crippled orphans,"Great game, tons of replay value. I can't wait to play the finished version. Sooooo much salt over patches that didn't work out."
,Recommended,437220,21876044,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,GaugaN aka Goubleas aka Gurolas,DayZ lighted up the survival genre.The Culling brings the battle royale genre from a moddish level to an AAA one.
,Recommended,437220,21829742,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cl0ud,Amazing gameHaven't seen one hacker so I don't know what the bad reviews are about and fighting can seem a little buggy but it doesn't break the game at all. I haven't lagged at all with 60 hours of gameplay either.All the people in the bad reviews are terrible at the game I guess :D
,Recommended,437220,21856946,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Watermeloon,Notice Im one of the remaining 3Man shoots me with bow on roof.Confront man.Have Epic battle.See him run and place something.Chase after him.See that something is C4.Stop dead in my tracks.Blows up C4.Hurts us both.I run and plant C4.Blow up as soon as i plant it.Kills us both.Other guy watching us fight wins.10/10 would suicide again
,Recommended,437220,22877563,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,NOOB,overall i like this game it is fun to play and the community is nice i would like to say if you can add a feature that would allow teamates to communicate during the team match which will help ingame.pros-well map design-good graphics and player models-vast area to explore-survival and team game-nice aspect in which we can create our own weapons-you get drop which have valuecons-some minor glitches on buildings like the culco airport etc-no mic feature-servers are only in europe north america and austrailia and there are only handful players in austrailia that play this game so add more servers in future in asia-sometimes it happens like if you are blocking still the person is able to hit you and if you hit him it doesnt give damage plz fix-fps drops when we stare at the gliched areasi would recomend this game to every guy who likes survival plus multiplayer games till now i give it 80 out of 100 i would have given 100 if these cons were fixed :)ps: sorry for bad english if there is any mistake hope you understand :)
,Recommended,437220,22425270,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KayKay,Funny and Enjoyable 10//10 would play again
76561198090227095,Recommended,437220,22772383,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bob Ross,">Get into a Free For All match>Spawn near a building full of loot>Find a bowie knife&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥yeahhhh>Hear footsteps>Another survivor appears in the doorway>Proceed to stab him repeatedly>He runs>I chase>Just about to kill him>He sees an explosive barrel next to us>Uh oh>With his last little bit of health, punches the barrel>Explosion kills him, I barely survive>Everyone hears the explosion and investigates>5hp>RIPReview: Game has some of the best ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments that I've encountered"
76561198252219628,Recommended,437220,23622027,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jackmoopoo,I like the game very much but its annoying that a lot fo the times your paired up with idiots :P should add the ability to craft more high tech weapon like bow to crossbow to rifle to machine gun or somthing
76561198121125084,Recommended,437220,21839520,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,marksman753,"Make a spear, inject some iron-4-skin and kill people 8/10"
76561198094302379,Recommended,437220,21853409,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Sheen Machine,Damnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
,Recommended,437220,21859867,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bearer of Cancer,"Its a good Early Access game, which is probably not going to be abandoned since the creators didnt do it with Lichdom: Battlemage.You can craft♥♥♥♥♥♥things to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥people to get better things and loot the place they were at.Nice, but if you play from South America and your not used to 200-300 ping(like i do)...Prepare to have a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,437220,23880820,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BigSausagePizza,I stopped playing for a bit but the most recent patch brought me back and it feels great again!
76561198280170102,Recommended,437220,22562396,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,SBauk,One of the best games I've played in a while 10/10
,Recommended,437220,21643002,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,anikin,The biggest glitch I found was a gas tank stuck in the ground..10/10 least glitchy alphaEDIT: jk this game is trash now
76561198204845693,Not Recommended,437220,22567339,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Shinner,please make asian server i really wanted to play this game
,Recommended,437220,22316160,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lil Jon Swon,"+ Good developer support (patches aprox every 2 weeks)+ great community - developer interaction+ Decent graphics+ Almost 0 bugs compared to other ""Early Access"" titles+ Great sounddesign (love the arena announcer)+ Challenging combat system+ Item rewards (many character customisation options)+ many perks and diffrent weapons/builds+ good Netcode+ decent balance+ game is kinda hyped currently (very short waiting times and many players playing)- hard to compete as a rookie (you should watch some twitch streamers to get used to the tactics/meta)- blocking/ shoving sometimes not working correctly9/10Update 23.11.16Playerbase decreased a lot... it is actually not popular enough anymore.Its sad because the whole idea behind it was kinda cool.I definitely recommend getting it, its a lot of fun although it can be very frustrating sometimes!"
,Recommended,437220,22688513,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,iinfynite,Really really fun. I feel like I am in the hunger games.
76561198058654354,Recommended,437220,22419475,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DeadlyIn720p,great game you need to think and build strategybut the game performence.....they have to optimizedi have good pc and i play with 40 50 fpsbut still the game is early access and the game have potentiali  like this game  fun to play with friends8/10if the game gets more optimized10/10 !!!!!!!
76561198185196454,Recommended,437220,22988772,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kid Cuddler Terry,The Culling is a very fast paced survival of the fittest game which made this game fun for hours as you go head to head with other online players. I highly recommend this game as it is an absolutely brilliant game to play for hours that never gets boring.
,Not Recommended,437220,32980037,Posted: 29 June,all,Pizza The Hutt,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThe player base is dead! There are less than 10 people playing in each region. It is next to impossible to find a game. I would 100% reccomend this game if you could actually find a match, as I really enjoyed it before. Do not waste your money on this game anymore, its time has come and gone."
76561198005655182,Recommended,437220,23710878,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,3spooky5Me,"Really great game, the recent update fixed FPS issues and netcode, they revamed parts of the map and added more weapons, overall game is balanced now and runs smoothly.The mixed is from prior patches but game is in Early access, but they ironed out most of the bugs.Also teams with friends is a ton of fun! love this game!"
,Recommended,437220,23710275,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,TheOrangeSnake,The best dollar to fun ratio i've had.
,Recommended,437220,23710600,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,matthewpipie,"Last patch made this game amazing, 9/10.  Went through rough times but the devs fixed it and are working hard on making this game great, and you should support them."
,Recommended,437220,23751344,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,johnstone,"Really good game, one of my favourites, it's in early access I haven't seen a single fault with this game ! Imagine when the full game comes out :D If ur doubting on buying it, I was the same but now I LOVE IT.If u like hunger games or survival, GO AHEAD ! :D <3"
76561198157646518,Recommended,437220,23711231,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ɛ> FABIO <3,"I have put many hours into this game and it is definitly getting better with each new patch, the last few patches may have had their issues but the devs really seem to care about this game and really pay attention to player feedback so overall considering this patch I would highly recommend this game but be prepared to lose you just have to keep on trying and eventually you'll win your first game."
,Recommended,437220,23710240,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Adam Earlston,"The new map and massive update is awesome :DStats are tracked and there's a leveling system now, + many more awesome stuff!The Combat feels terrible at 1st, but you just have to learn the new mechanics, and then its back to the good old Culling and winning 1v2 fights again :D"
,Recommended,437220,23710886,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Boozfob,Great game.
76561198048970867,Recommended,437220,23710765,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,tsilver33,"Don't let the mixed reviews fool you. The Culling is an excellent game, with an extremely responsive development team. Yes, updates have varied in quality, as is the case with early access games, but the development team has shown time and time again that they hear every complaint and work to make the game the best it can possibly be. On top of that, the game as is has been extremely fun, and I've more than gotten my moneys worth out of it."
76561198038379426,Recommended,437220,23711264,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AssLemon,"The quality of the game (fps and combat) has improved significantly since Early Access release, however it's currently suffering from low player numbers and 2/3 minute queue times. Can still recommend, it's only getting better."
,Recommended,437220,23718509,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeggggg,"One of the best Royal Battle games on the market.  This game has a lot of potential, and definitely worth a try.   There is the ability to play on private servers with friends, or play against bots to practice.  Defiinitely recommend."
,Recommended,437220,23718562,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Eli,Best survival game out there after the new update.
76561197973540978,Recommended,437220,23714415,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BexXz,"The game was recommended by a friend of mine, while at first I was pretty picky on first person melee combat, I, in the end came to love it. The combat has seen its changes over the past few patches, but thats a good thing. Xavient is trying different things in their ""Early Access"".Saying that, its an Early Access game, things change so now and then, may it be for the better or worse. They are trying to perfect this game in the end. With the help of the community.If you love the movies Battle Royale, or Hunger Games for that matter, and you've always wanted do to that yourself in a ""safe"" way... THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! The combat is ""mainly"" First person melee combat -with a bunch of different style weapons as your arsenal. There is also the ability to go long range, with bows, and with that Xavient does introduce new weapons so now and then. There are a whole lot of perks to choose from so you can build whatever you want in the sense of playstyle, you can be a Speedy Gonzales with knifes or spears, or a Long Range maniac! Whatever you prefer, you can most likely get it done via the perk system.However, the game does come with a learning curve, the combat needs to be practiced and the only way to do so, is to either FFA all the time and just try to look at how people are playing the game, and imitate, of maybe you have a friend whom already plays the game for a while, and you can tag along with him in a Teams battle, and learn from him... I'm just trying to say with this is that, don't give up so easily, once you understand how the combat system works, the game becomes 20x better!!Highly Recommended, I've got the faiths in Xavient that in the end, or at release, we'll be having a great game to play!Plus if you manage to stay alive for a while, you'll be rewarded with an cosmetic items at all times! Which then, you could either keep, or sell on the Steam store! Great little extra!"
,Recommended,437220,23714647,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,C-Money,"Great game, developers are really good on fixing problems. Game is shaping up to the perfect Batttle Royale like game."
,Recommended,437220,23715265,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bmonta02,very fun to play
,Not Recommended,437220,26685330,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Adon,"New combat system is rock-paper-scissors everyone knows how to play but me. Perks are basically non-existent, drop packs are questionable, and queue time is awful. This game used to be fun, what happened?"
,Recommended,437220,22754528,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ENX | SubSoldier101,Well worth a tenner
76561198002877079,Recommended,437220,22751655,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,D__Rock,"Pretty fun, the agony of being killed is less painful when it's short rounds like this, unlike games like Rust or Day Z where days or even weeks of work can get washed down the drain any instant. Better have a decent system to run this game though."
76561198130447422,Not Recommended,437220,26453299,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kassitus,Matchmaking is crap.Noobs and pros combined in matches is a really crappy idea. Cant recommend this until they make leagues or something like that.
76561198014651217,Recommended,437220,23734609,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pabst,"The best feeling of victory I have experienced comes from this game. MOBA, FPS, RTS don't come close for me, the triumph over 15 other players is absolutely amazing. Combat improves with each patch, along with the map and the overall polish. A must-buy for how affordable it is!"
,Recommended,437220,23734124,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[SG] Immo,"The culling has by far been one of the best purchases I've made in a very very long time. I've put countless hours into and have received mainly good times, the mixed reviews you see are due to a couple of the recent updates which the players did not agree with. However don't let that discourage you, they've brought the game back with the latest patch and it has been doing so much better. Most of the players are experiencing very high fps now due to the update, so if you have a lower end pc you could still probably run this with decent fps.The devs have been providing constant updates, most have been for the better of the community. They are always listening and responding to the players questions and problems, they are dedicated and good people.As for the game in a itself it is a very action packed game which will leave you pumped with adrenaline, I've never been in a more hardcore 6 ways. (And trust me I've been in a lot of them!) ;)All in all, I recommend this game 100%. Don't believe the mixed reviews, it was great at launch and it is great now.If you have the money I would defiantly pick this game up!"
76561198041103439,Not Recommended,437220,22731382,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jroc,"EDIT as of June 23-2016: The Culling STILL has very clunky combat mechanics. In a nutshell: Blocking does not always work and shoving (used to counter a blocking opponent) does not always work. There are still delays on certain actions, which makes the combat feel sluggish and inspires a low skill-ceiling.The culling USE to be an amazing game. I bought it the day it came out and played the hell out of ever since (~330 hours). The game was fast-paced, had a learning curve and even at top-end gameplay had a considerable amount of skill involved. This all changed 3-4 weeks ago with changes to their core combat system. We've waited through a few patches (and hotfixes) hoping the combat would be restored. No such luck. Instead, the devs focused on shiny cosmetics and random experimentation with weapon stats that served to simply imbalance the game. If you want a detailed example of the sloppy combat, see below. Before, when two people fought it consisted of a well-coordinated dance of blocks/jabs/charge attacks/pushes/jukes/out smarting. As of right now, this game is literally a random slug-fest. Two people face each other and it's a random spam fest of jabbing and push-spamming. If you try to block, you're punished (see below). It's a game of rock-paper-scissors with rock not working properly. Really sad, this game had potential. Too bad devs prefer shiny female clothing over core combat fixes.If you buy the culling you're presented with a game with SLOPPY combat. Best way to describe this is with the following example: In The Culling, if you block and somebody attacks you, they become staggered and are stunned for ~1 second, giving you the oppurtunity to hit them. If you are blocking and somebody pushes you, you become staggered, leaving yourself vulnerable for ~1 second for them to attack you. In the current system, if I block an attack and then STOP blocking and somebody pushes me it shouldn't stagger me...but it does. The game is that sloppy that it still registers me as blocking and thus punishes me with a stagger (I have fibre op internet, 80 ms ping, etc, nothing has changed on my end, just the sloppy game)"
76561198093629737,Recommended,437220,21715120,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SauceSonian,"I'm enjoying this game a lot so far although I don't have very much time played. Very fun and very addictive. Here's a short pros consPros:- Crafting system is easy to understand- Perks allow player to choose a play style they enjoy- Intense gameplay as the the time passes (The Culmination)Cons:- The block and push dynamics seem somewhat broken- Weapons feel useless by not doing enough damage (long range bow headshots, sword slashes)- Lack of in game team speakOverall an enjoyable game. Especially with friends. Please keep it up devs!!"
76561198047041277,Recommended,437220,21635170,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Meoman8,"Hey, a quick change to my review!I'm Australian, btw.Now that AUS servers are coming, I'll most likely like the game better then.Anyway, my review here;The Culling is, very basically, a deathmatch/hunger games game. You find weapons, kill people, play with friends, play with bots, stuff like that.It's got everything; simplistic crafting and inventory, fighting, teams, a rapidly closed-in arena, stuff like that.For the moment, though I enjoy the game, it'll lag a whole lot for Aussies. So, if you're not an Australian, go ahead and get the game! Lots of fun to be had. And if you're Australian, then wait a little for the new servers, or just deal with it.The only problem with lag right now is if you're trying to block or hit at the exact right time, it'll pause before actually hitting. So, way harder melee combat, though ranged is fine.Either way, have fun slaughtering!"
76561198100948729,Recommended,437220,21889760,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,✾Little Nova✾,>Starts off in a box>Looks through holes in box>Gets blinded by sun>Box opens and character practically ♥♥♥♥s themselves>Crafts a lot>Realizes crafting uses F.U.N.C.>Goes into building>Opens all 12 lockers and get 1 brass nuckles and one muscle man milk>Goes to new building>Gets man tracker>Activates man tracker>Says person is 2m away>Turns around>Dies10/10 would do all that and lose for an article of clothing again
76561198156276898,Recommended,437220,22289821,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,T3RMINATOR,"If you want to put yourself on a Hanger Games based, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,437220,21756238,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Thomas,"TL;DR                                                                                                                                                                                                            The Culling is a challenging and fun multiplayer survival game where 16 people have to fight in an arena till there is only one left.My actual try on a review:This game suprised me, i though it would be like a generic battle royal game, with crappy weapon balance, spawns and combat. How i was wrong. This game is very different from the other popular BR game, H1Z1 King of the Kill. While the objective is the same (be the last one alive) it does it in such a good way that matches, which are around 25 minutes, pass so fast. So im gonna be looking at some aspect of the game.Melee Combat:Melee Combat is simple, but complex in a way. There are 5 main actions: weak attack, strong attack, throw, block and push. While it does feel a bit weird, its highly satisfying to win a fight in this game. Blocking someone gets you a a small time window to hit your enemy and blocking protects you form all sort of melee damage. The only way to break a block is to push the enemy and doing so will stun the blocker for a small time, which is enough time to hit them. Throwing a weapon gets you a hit, even if they are blocking but you lose your weapon by doing so. Attacking and pushing wastes stamina, so keep your eye on that.Long range attacks:There are many ranged way of attacking someone in this game, such has: bows, guns, grenades and poison darts.There is nothing different in this type of battle from another FPS. Also if you get hit while having a long range weapon, you will be disarmed of said weapon.Stats/Effects:There are status and effects that weapons and stims (pretty much drugs) will give a player, such has: bleed, poison, weakness, damage protection, more damage, faster stamina recovery, more speed, etc. Weapons cause the bad ones (of course) while stims buff the player.Crafting:What sets this game apart from others is its crafing system. The game gives you a crafting recipes which you can check by pressing ESC. To craft an item you will need FUNC, which is sort  of a ingame currency, that has a lot more uses (will be talking about that).FUNC:This is a pretty important aspect of the game. You need FUNC to craft, heal, open weapon crates and to call an airdrop. You get FUNC for killing other players, from random corpses that you find and from a FUNC recicle station.This station allows you to recicle an item that you have for FUNC. The higher the tier of the item, more FUNC it will give.  The ""healing"" aspect of FUNC is the ability to use a health station.Looting:There are some building which contain lockers, that may or may not have something in them. The most probable way of finding something is by opening weapon crates. There are 3 crates: green, blue and red. The green ones are free to open, the blue ones cost 50 FUNC and the red one need an explosive device to open them.That everything that I feel like its important. There are more feature that i did not talk about.Overall, is a pretty good game. It may have its problems here and there but other than that, its a great early access game.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,437220,21653467,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,I'm Just A Lucky Peasant,"Play gameLove GameGame is lifGet good GearGet great gearSuper Happy1v1 game ending fightEnemy wips out chains""OK, it's a chainsaw""Enemy chargesI BlockChainsaw breaks blockI dieI punch desk (It's glass)I need new deskI need new lifeI need chainsaw removed10/10 chainsaw physics"
,Recommended,437220,21657476,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Yuk1,Joined a game. Grabbed two rocks and shoved them together which made a stone knife. I then proceed to shove a stick up the knife and it turns into a spear. I beat the crap out of a guy. Another kills me at low health. 10/10 IGN would rate again
,Recommended,437220,22171350,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ClassyAssy,Frolicking through a dreamy jungle paradise. What more could you want?
76561198096322250,Recommended,437220,22787356,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,splash zone,"simply love the game but continue to get this ""error validating easyanticheatcode signing certificate."" i dont run 3rd party programs, i dont know why this is happening but its making it a chore to play. i hop the devs do something."
,Recommended,437220,21871988,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,RevLo,New update Bigger player base after months.
,Recommended,437220,22711466,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mr.Arber,got pepper sprayedgot poisonedgot beaten with an baseball bati have 13 hp leftpulls out bowdouble headshotwins gameprofit??!women dark demien jeansyay...
,Recommended,437220,21821673,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mixt,-Join game of Duo's with my partner-Spawn in-See Large Building that can be looted-Walks over-Hears footsteps walking towards the door-spooked.jpg-Panic and prepare for battle-Unknown man looks at me-He is startled and just as spooked.jpg-We look at eachother but no one fights-I pick up a rock and drop it for him as a token as friendship-He pickes up rock-(Can it be? A friendly man on BR?!)-He makes a crafting knife and then a spear-OH♥♥♥♥.mp3-I start to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself wondering why i thought he would be friendly-He drops the Spear for me-<3-We sit for 5 minutes throwing rocks and sticks into the far distance while we cement our relationship-AMBUSH-Two others approach with evil intentions-We run into opposite directions-They follow him-He dies </3-Sacrifice.wmvTL;DR - It's a great game willed with fun and memoriable experiences. 10/10 would recommend. (AND IF THE PERSON IS READING THIS SOMEHOW YOU WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN!)
,Recommended,437220,21716834,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Riley.,Killed a guy with a stick - 10/10
,Recommended,437220,21736689,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Heff,"In love. Very well made game, and extremely fun!Definitely recommend!A few things I'd like to see in future updates:+ Larger Teams (2-5 players would be ideal)+ 3rd person play mode+ Larger Map"
,Recommended,437220,22094747,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,*TRADING KNIFE* Hue,"MooCow and i were only young when we were taken to the ranch. After 6 years of bad treatment we rebelled and took up the human lifestyle. We bought gaming PCs, houses, and cars. We saw ""The Culling"" and thought it looked pretty cool so we tried it and OMG.... IT WAS AMAZING!!! Every day we wake up, milk ourselves, have breakfast ( cerial with our melk and drinking our melk), boot up PC, and play The Culling!!! If you are a rebbelious cow ( and/or any other animal for that matter) i highly advise that you save up your melk and trade some ol' geezer for a code for this haystack of a game-sounds tasty hugh?! Buy it now.. BUY IT WITH YOUR MELK!!! *MOOOOOOOOOOOOO*"
,Not Recommended,437220,31305708,Posted: 22 April,all,BradDaMan,"Used to be OK, now it's horrible. Another early access failure."
,Recommended,437220,23659243,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SprayRate.WorldStar,"Dope game! I've recomended the game to 3 friends and we all enjoy the game.  This wasn't my first early access game so I knew to expect:* Large variantions in performance as the cycle of added content/optimization plays out* Frequence balance changes as they try out different ideas* Not having high population on the server near me.I think most of the ♥♥♥♥♥ing about ""it was so much better at launch"" is due to the fact that most the players were noobs and bad players were able to frequently win matches just due to having a few more matches of experience than the other noobs. Get good or make peace with the fact that a victory is rare - only 1 of the 16 players in a match can win."
,Recommended,437220,23887028,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aesdin,"Great Game, nice combat, frequent updates and devs who listen to the community and try their best. Only problem is OCE servers are basically dead.UPDATE: OCE SERVERS ARE ALIVE NOW, BUT HAVE FEWER PLAYERS!"
,Recommended,437220,23931447,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AlCapwned,"This game has a lot of things to work out, but hey it's early access. The core mechanics are the combat are great. Combat has a learning curve so don't get discouraged when you get killed by a tier 1 weapon when you have a tier 3. They're constantly improving net code so combat is less frustrating 'getting hit while blocking' etc. I want to see this game succeed and it's been fun overall so far."
,Recommended,437220,21736629,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,denchikpisya0111,"Всем приветульки) Игра хороша, правда сыровата, но есть большой потенциал. Надеюсь разработчики не забросят проект."
,Recommended,437220,22785268,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Xvinfajtr | cs.money,Best survivor game ever! H1Z1 sucks compared to this!
,Recommended,437220,29382671,Posted: 20 January,all,skinni,"I hope that the devs and the community don't give up on this game! It is good and fun to play, with time all things can be fixed and improved"
76561198272319736,Recommended,437220,23179478,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,✪ wouter,After you buy the game the only thing you will do is die. Once you get better the game is really fun.
76561198127515920,Recommended,437220,23745428,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rascyon,"Good game. I rate it a 7/10 but it used to be a 9.5/10 until some updates and nerfs made the game ""less"" enjoyable. For instance, I used to have a steady 70-90 mps in the past, but now every game has about 4 spikes of 1000+ mps that make you suffer if your in combat. All in all I enjoyed this game, especially the usually satisfying reward system and team matches to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,437220,22804232,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv | IAmByte,"This game was very fun a couple weeks after initial Early Access release. It had its frustrating moments and definitely had bugs, but then they patched it and changed the entire combat system. Haven't played in weeks now, because it is obvious the developers aren't listening to its clients.I played mostly Team mode with a friend and it is beyond frustrating to spawn so far apart that I might as well play FFA. The acknolwedgement from the developers that they have no intention of changing the team spawns, because they think it ruins the fun of random spawns, blows my mind.You've been warned.. wait awhile, maybe 6 months, if it lives that long. It has been on a steady decline since the patch that broke combat and then a patch after that broke blocking all together. The daily amount of players use to be in the 5k range, but lately has dropped to 2-3k, with only half of those actively playing at any one time (down from 2-3k playing at a time)"
,Not Recommended,437220,26667067,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheDarKnight,"I can't believe the level of irony that I've seen with every single update that has released. Instead of adding maps (which was once a much-awaited feature, when the game didn't suck) and improving the combat mechanics and perks, the developers have seemingly all gotten in a very bad car accident and lost their memories. Now? Now they don't even remember what the name of the game is."
76561198055451423,Not Recommended,437220,33096837,Posted: 1 July,all,gnomaz15,"I used to play The Culling quite a lot back in the day. It had amazing diversity as far as builds go. One of my favourites was the early knife build, where you would build stamina recovery and damage increase while wielding a knife, chase and absolutely destroy everyone you saw in the early game. Or the late game crippling build, where you would build stamina drain on hit and damage increase while wielding a sledge, get a tier 4 sledgehammer and oh lord the poor souls that got in your way.Back then, you had to hunt the airdrops in-game by participating in the events, that brought massacre to the area they were held in or by stealing someone else's drop. Aqquiring an airdrop that you didn't already have, would add it to your arsenal which gave the game a real sense of progression.Unfortunately, everything went wrong when the developers decided to aim for the ""I'm 12 and my mom let's me use her credit card"" audience. Almost all of the perks that made this game so diverse and enjoyable were deleted, all the airdrops, including new ones were unlocked on every old and new character and the combat mechanics, which was one of the strongest parts of the game, is an absolute joke now. You will not find a match in this game, don't even bother. This game had huge potential, sadly, the developers let their greediness get the best of them.I strongly DO NOT RECOMMEND you buy this game at any price."
76561198066820708,Recommended,437220,22783086,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Reptar!,One of the most entertaining games i've played in a long time. However it is still in Early Access so theres room to improve.Do i recomend you buy this game? YES!! This has so much potential so help the devs out and enjoy this game!
76561198258630984,Recommended,437220,29329690,Posted: 17 January,all,carlosbedolla,this game was great but the only thing wrong was the combatv was a little laggy at points
76561197986517085,Recommended,437220,21728879,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Drakhjerta,Despite some small bugs and only NA servers it is fun to play.
,Recommended,437220,21629603,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DbrowNick,The game doesn't take itself too seriously.Great starting price.Developers actually released it earlier than the March 8th date.Insanely fun and hilarious.Needs a 'tad' bit more optimization but not too bad.Great melee mechanics.Just an all around fun game.And the best part....NO 3rd PERSON! PRAISE GABEN!10/10 Would never play H1Z1 and chose the Culling over it again.
,Recommended,437220,21728497,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Necro,♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,437220,21732981,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Darwinium,All i can say is I can't wait for the anouncer to get new  lines he adds some whimsical goodness to the PVP and i really hope this game get even better in time it has so much potential alot of things could be added adn changed im excited ^.^ of course you can expect the occassional lag spike and some weird interactions of items and fighting but all in all solid game fun to play hope theres more weponds added to the game and clear hit markers and new maps alot of new maps and modes xD yes im askin for alot but this game seems like it could be a winner please no microtransactions thanks !
,Recommended,437220,21725776,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Michael Juden,"The BIG NEW PATCH! Well, the combat and the game overall are much more fun, many new features, modes, new map (AT NIGHT!), and quite a few bugs.There was much progress and more to come.I highly recommend you to play it!!But as always, prepare to die. A lot."
,Recommended,437220,21727543,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,sexykifla,"Bought this game,friend watched me play it for 2 mintues,got it,another friend watched us play for 2 minutes,he also got it10/10 for early access,there are some bugs but ayy lmao getting an empty airdrop can be fun"
76561198355165723,Recommended,437220,29605296,Posted: 31 January,all,Andrew,i like this game
76561198271858037,Recommended,437220,29338808,Posted: 18 January,all,Hazzard,"Thr Culling Was amazing from the start in its alpha state, from further development they slowly ruiened the game and this made all previous reviews negitive, ignore all posts from before the 17th of january as the game is finally back to its glorious state would reccomend to buy when i sale !"
,Recommended,437220,29404791,Posted: 21 January,all,FOXXy,"new update and so, alright.played 5 games, kay, just five, bout 2K xp per game, was level 3. Game crashed last game now I'm level 20.Well played Xaviant Games, well played"
,Not Recommended,437220,28641491,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Advance,"The game was fairly good before the new patch combat wise, now with the latest patch the combat is utter garbage, anyone can win in a fight, it dosen't even matter whether you're bad or good at the game, it just depends who has the better weapon or who gets to land the hit first, even the stamina changes kinda killed the fun, because people didn't have to manage stamina in combat, the only thing you have to worry about is how much stamina you have for chasing/running. Even with that change I'm fine, the optimization ain't the best and even with that I'm also fine I don't mind it, but completely nerfing the block option is actually a terrible thing to do, there's no point to block whatsoever now, and using shove (Q) is also absolutely useless because everybody will just attack you until you die. It involves no skill/game mechanic now besides just straight attacking your opponent, overall the latest patch just put a nail in the coffin for this game, I really enjoyed the game before and I'm kinda sad that it's just getting worse by every new patch that gets released. It was fun while it lasted, after all it's a early access game, but with this tempo the game will be dead before it even gets out of early access. I'd say I recommend the game, but after the recent changes I simply can't give a positive recommendation for it. 300+ hours player's thoughts."
,Recommended,437220,22094782,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Juice,"Love this game but don't ♥♥♥♥ it up please. That means no micro transactions, no pay to win system NONE OF THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.Thanks"
,Recommended,437220,21871997,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Misha,"After watching a streamer play this game for a few hours, it looked much more appealing to me than something like H1Z1's similar ""King of the Kill"" mode. instead of having over 100 people on a giant map, this is much more small and focused. 16 players and the map size feels much more manageable to me, and I enjoy it much more than if I were to play on a massive server full of people. The Co-Op team mode is also very fun, and adds an easy way to team up with friends without ruining the Free-for-all experience for other players."
,Recommended,437220,22273260,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ＤＡＶＩＤＨＥ👌😈,Really Gr8 Game i like it alot
,Recommended,437220,22106495,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Shorban,"The combat in the game is like playing rock paper scissors but without rng, 10/10Push>BlockAttack>PushBlock>Attack"
76561198029892208,Recommended,437220,23713249,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,submargin,"One of the best early access games I have ever played. Sometimes (actually very often) it is incredibly frustrating, but amount of adrenaline is amazing."
,Recommended,437220,21758345,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,synTh ֆ,H1Z1? Never heard of it.
76561198106039767,Recommended,437220,21757775,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Bucket o' Salt,"EDIT: nvm rip playerbasePlease ignore any review from people with under 50 hours.I've been playing since release, and this new patch is wonderful.It's not perfect, but it's playable.Yes the playerbase is low, but it really doesnt take that long to find a game. Just a little but longer then if you were looking for Dust 2 in CSGO.Same unboxing system and Overwatch, super fun, needs some fixing though.After all, it is early access."
76561198160176666,Recommended,437220,29362005,Posted: 19 January,all,GRUB,i've been waiting for a 'hunger games' game for a long time and this is just perfect!
,Recommended,437220,22921616,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DatTrashPanda,"This review is extremely mixed for me:Don't get me wrong. I love this game. I want to see more of it, and every time a patch comes around I disappear from all social circles to play this game.But it is nearly unplayable.I live in BC, Canada. The ping is 130-200, making combat awful. Everyone complains about it being slow, so I know I'm not the only one. Developers... I know you're trying to fix the combat... we need better servers all around.I've seen many immature reviews from people who feel like they've been ripped off. I understand your pain. We're all suffering. But this is an EARLY ACCESS GAME. That means that you get to be actively involved in the testing of the game, including all the parts that aren't fun.DEAR DEVELOPERS! I LOVE YOUR GAME! SO PLEASE F***ING FIX IT!"
,Recommended,437220,21631193,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jam,Won my first game 10/10 IGN
76561198056726494,Not Recommended,437220,22968106,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Delection7,Until the server lagg is fixed and the game is balanced I can;t recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,437220,22967391,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Gromky,"In the US there are only east coast servers and the netcode has major problems.  Due to the design of the game this makes it really painful for anyone who doesn't get a very low ping (most of the country).The idea was good.  The initial execution of the game was OK.  And then it has moved backwards in a lot of ways.  I would say don't bother buying it, wait to see if it actually survives to a playable release state."
,Not Recommended,437220,33068657,Posted: 30 June,all,Capybara,bad
,Recommended,437220,21836649,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ALEXCRAZY8,"Positives:This game is amazing...it has awesome fighting mechanics, (Blocking,Pushing,Hitting)it has Perks and airdrop selection that leads to different playstyles(Tank,Ranged,Melee,Trapper...)it is very intense,it is better than H1Z1:King of the kill by farit is only 17$ (CAD)it has heaps of different weapons (Pepper Spray,Knives,Swords,Guns,Hatchets,Spears...)Negatives:i often get bad ping even if i select my region,its only gamemodes are Free-For-all and Teams of 2 (Basically you cant play with all your friends at once, only 1 friend at a time)The fps isnt the best, i get 55-60Fps Constant with a Gtx960 But often times there are massive frame drops to like 30Fps when you enter certain areasThings i think they should add to the game:New maps,(bigger maps that can support more players aswell)New Modes,3 or 4 player teams,More Servers and better ones,(often times you must wait a while to find a game)Private match capabilities,And optimazations for the certain areas of the current map that lack fps,Finally its worth the 17$ (CAD) because it has replayability and amazingly fun gameplay :D"
76561198012221569,Not Recommended,437220,22761864,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Seraphim,Laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cant even win in combat from the high ping
,Not Recommended,437220,21659787,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Master Indigo,"EDIT: Game is pretty much dead. Changes to combat made it worse, and with wrong decisions devs killed the game. It was fun in the beginning.________________________________Original Review:This is review of the game's state on Launch. I might update it later.Techical:Fov slider up to 100.Game looks very nice! Thanks UE4Runs 62fps on High/Extreme(AA disabled) GTX 680 and 4-core Xeon. (e3-1230V2)At the moment limited to 62fps.You may need to change settings in files for better performance, as the menu does not allow you to go lower from certain values.POSITIVE:Combat requires skillEasy to learn crafting recipesMany different airdrops.You get loot after every game, even if you die. (cosmetic items such as hats, shirts)Intense! I haven't had a single boring game.NEUTRAL:RNG might be bad for you sometimes, but that is nothing new in video games.Game has an announcer for things, which may start to get annoying after few dozen hours, we shall see.NEGATIVE:As I write this there is only Map, which can be repetitive after some time.Some balancing issues might be in the game. Probably will be fixed pretty soon.Currently no In-game voice chat which would be good for 2 man team gamemode when playing with randoms.Anyway. At the moment, pretty damn polished for Early Access Launch!Edit. Regional servers have been added, ping should be a little better"
76561197987545298,Recommended,437220,22987434,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SabiSalami,"This game is amazing.  There is strategy, crafting, good to great combat system.  The only thing they really need to add is a better replayability and reward system.  They are working on that and much much more.  This game is great!"
,Recommended,437220,21824225,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"The game is really good. balance in terms of items and weapons is done really well. The only problem currently is the taser which is being addressed. Perks need balancing but nothing is a for sure win perk.EU servers are now a thing so all negative reviews with that as a factor are obsolete. Cheaters happen but as someone with 30 hours I have run into exactly two cheaters in my play time. One in FFA and one in duo's.Pros:-Great hunger games type game.-Announcer is hilarious and not annoying to hear hour after hour.-Weapon balance is done really well besides some minor factors.-Dev team responds on the steam discussion page and subreddit and listens to player feedback about unbalanced mechanics.-The adrenaline rush in your first game is real.-Crafting is a fun mechanic and allows a variety of different ways to help you win the game. Snares, punji sticks, blow guns etc. etc. are all crafted items that can help you win fights you otherwise might not have.-Map is a nice size. The smaller size makes fights with 16 players frequent and makes map memorization easy.-This is a positive in my opinion. At this point in time there is no VOIP in FFA or duo's. I believe VOIP in duo's for the team members would be nice but a lack of VOIP in FFA means there is no one teaming in the game making it a fair FFA.-You can throw quite literally anything in your inventory as a weapon.Cons:-The current perks available leave players little choice if they want to actually win consistently. After a dozen hours or so of gameplay I realized that one of the best setups is running leg day (10% movement) and runs with knives/speedy spear (another 10%). These two perks stacked let you take engagements safely because you know you can outrun anyone not using this setup (unless they have stims on).-I don't believe guns are as overpowered as people say. At the same time though, if I find a gun in an airdrop I instantly think ""well this game is free."" While I think guns are in a good place it may not be the right place if I think that whenever I find a gun.-General lag and optimization improvements that games in this stage usually require. It still runs smooth and lag free most of the time.There are probably other cons listed in other reviews but to be honest I can't think of anything else that turns me off about this game. Everything is just executed so well. Almost all of my complaints as of now are just game balancing which the dev team has shown to be one of their priorities. This game is beyond worth $15. It is early access alpha and I have clocked 30 hours already. If value per dollar is important to you and you like battle royale type games I can't recommend this enough"
,Not Recommended,437220,22798568,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Tristoteles,"Had potential, doesn't anymore. Simply not recommended."
,Recommended,437220,22496100,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,esoteric7t7,buy it
76561198126424141,Recommended,437220,22181408,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Preotic,"Probably the best Battle royale game so far,Really recommend this for new players"
,Recommended,437220,23654987,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dirty roboT,Good game but would be a great game if the mechanics of hitting vs blocking was fine tuned better.
,Recommended,437220,23052408,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Orellian,A great PvP game for anyone who wants to instantly get into some good fights.
76561197994265726,Recommended,437220,22033775,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kovacs.,Hunger games / Battle Royal with some mechanics that serioulsy favour people with more expereince. You will get farmed if you havent gone into the game with prior information and even then there are so many mechanics that put the player with more time ahead of you. The thing is The culling does it in a subtle - not immediatly apparant way. On the outside thngs look even - but there are many tricks and tactics to learn as well as things to unlock. Which brings me to my main point.Once you have unlocked an air drop - you can call it in agian in subsequent games. Some of them contain exploives and firearms - which obvioulsy puts you ahead of the guy with the level 1 hammer. See my point?Also there is too much of an advantage of waiting until 2 people have fineshed fighting and then ganking the survivor when they are low on health. The map needs to be bigger to mitigate this as much as possible (at least until the end)Once this and a few bugs ironed out then the game will be playable as a short time waster. On thier road map they do say they are going to put in more mpas and other stuff - so if you want something more long term I would wait as see what they do with it.RecommeNDed on the assumption the Devs do what they are saying they will.
76561198120943699,Recommended,437220,31453340,Posted: 29 April,all,Zajax,this game was really good when it came out then it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥but now theyve updated it again and reworked the entire game and its actualy back to being really fun
,Recommended,437220,31472433,Posted: 30 April,all,Needy God,"Pretty fun game. A lot of the older reviews that are (reasonably) negative are before the April 21st patch which brought back staggering in combat. Essentially the devs made a series of bad decisions and are now beginning to reverse those decisions. There a few slightly annoying bugs here and there, but it has been an enjoyable experience so far. There is not a BR experience currently available like that offered in The Culling.For the reviewers that are too lazy to do the tutorial and then whine about the game being impossible .... You press Q to shove, this breaks your opponent's block. You right click to block attacks."
76561198095234156,Not Recommended,437220,32716334,Posted: 24 June,all,-CML- Respawnikis,they ruined everyones fun
,Not Recommended,437220,32957268,Posted: 28 June,all,TheyCallMeGunny,"Toxic community, bug ridden, and overall just pretty mediocre even in the areas that aren't bugged or broken.Also, good luck ever finding a match: Because practically EVERYONE realizes this and nobody ever plays it. So evenif you thought ""I'd like to try this"" you're not going to get into a match."
,Not Recommended,437220,32746204,Posted: 24 June,all,DatJason,"Thanks for cucking me out of my goddamn ingame items. I have 18 items from The Culling in my steam inventory, can't use a SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING ONE OF EM IN GAME. Also game sucks, its dead, and empty. Protip: Don't buy this steaming pile of dog scrotum"
,Recommended,437220,33191854,Posted: 3 July,all,Vantrillicore,I liked it when there were people playing it. There seems to be no one playing online anymore
76561198060534199,Recommended,437220,29381810,Posted: 20 January,all,Gaponja,"Hunger games like game that recently got a bg update that refreshed the game (new map,skins,level up system...). Game is fun and takes some time to completly master."
76561198053223201,Recommended,437220,29409481,Posted: 21 January,all,Seelder,Great game.
76561198086330653,Recommended,437220,22988242,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CautiousCrowe,"Early access game, cant please everyone. Some people like the original combat system and now they complain since it's different, some people like it better this way. Personally I dont mind as long as they stop changing it so frequently, it sucks when you get used to something and then they completely change it, but as I said it's early access, things are going to change, the game could essentially become something completely different by the time it's released and people seem to forget thats how games are now. You don't buy a complete product like you used to back in the console days when pc gaming was still young, this is the age of digital downloads and with that comes constant change and balance, if you don't like it then stop buying early access.I think the developers are working pretty well with this title constantly adding new content as well as fixing bugs simultaneously, granted after their first big update they essentially screwed the servers but that has since been patched up a bit. Ultimately I think this title is awesome, game gives you excuses to keep playing with the ability to unlock new gear and the gameplay itself is just rewarding at times, the only real issue is people have learned how to easily acquire guns regularly which means in the end of the match it's fairly likely at least 1 if not more people will be packing heat which I think is kinda broken but to be fair guns aren't an auto victory against a skilled player, but they are pretty damn powerful."
76561198143412321,Recommended,437220,21650107,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Propdrake,"The Culling is a great game, yes it has its flaws which are bugs,glitches,crashes but except for some minor issues its a great game!8/10 = This game is worth the extremely cheap 14,99!"
76561198094461954,Recommended,437220,21647004,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mybestbuddysandels,"In my opinion, The Culling has the best battle royale yet. It concentrates on combat and skill, more than guns and etc. Sure there are a few guns, but its hard to get them, and there is not a lot of ammunition for those guns. Really nice game."
,Recommended,437220,21648353,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ReaganSMAAAAASH,ReaganSMAAAAASH +1
76561198050804994,Recommended,437220,21651431,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RillaRoo,"Definitely bang for your buck!What drew me to this game is the amount of options for your character. There are perks which have a significant impact to your playstyle and you always get more cosmetics after a game.Even though this game is in Alpha, I have encountered few bugs and the game is highly playable"
,Recommended,437220,21647449,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Caze,"From what I played,The Culling was a fun, mid - fast paced game. I enjoyed how there are an uncountable amount of scenarios that you can get yourself into and a fun and challenging ""combat triangle"" (block, attack, push) that takes a while to master. There's also a good outfit system so even if you ever get bored (doubt it), you can spend your time grinding for new clothes and accessories..Overall,The game has a fun ""Hunger Games"" vibe and it's a good game to spend hours on trying to master.10/10 combat."
76561198025862742,Recommended,437220,21651707,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kreflo_Dolla$,"Don't write reviews much, but this game has MAD potential.. Kinda like hunger games exept more blood."
,Recommended,437220,21653019,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Churlish Church,Pretty amazing! I was really suprised how easy and fun this game is. The crafting is really easy also.Bad thing is it take a while to get in a game though.
,Recommended,437220,21651056,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[RoCT] grandmaMax,"Played for 6 hours with a friend.Really nerve racking, awesome crafting and perfectly balanced loot/spawning/buildings/skillsThe cinematic advertisement perfectly demonstrates gameplay."
,Recommended,437220,21653040,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HAcoreRD,"For the price, this is a solid title.If I had to compare this title to another game, I'd say it's like H1Z1. Matches are 20 minutes long, though most games run about 12. You can die within the first 2 minutes if you're new, but don't be discouraged. Remember to use your block key, and use your shove against other players who are turtling (blocking alot).The map isn't too big where you cannot learn it, and if you're afraid of campers, the game has many built in mechanics to combat that. Those being many poison gas stations, usually placed near buildings a player might hold up in, and at 10 minutes in the map, the game emits gas to push survivors to the map's center arena,The game uses an ingame currency, where killing players and picking up items and surviving gives you points. These reset between matches, and can be used to call in air drops or open crates, which can give either buff items, or stronger weapons/armor.Winning a match is difficult, but feels rewarding when pulled off. With an item drop system to keep you playing, the game has alot of replay value. Rewarding experience for hardcore gamers, easy enough where a casual player can hop in and not feel too lost."
76561198034461731,Recommended,437220,29451291,Posted: 23 January,all,Baskeren,"I played the game when it first released last year, I instantly refunded it. I have been following it ever since and now it looks a lot more polished and balanced. And it is. It's amazing! However, things still needs to be fixed like some crashes that happens aprox every 10-20th game. I also feel like the speedrounds and team rounds shouldnt be in the ""quick match"". The speedrounds are won by hiding so you don't waste all your ammo and armor on your first encounters. It's always like this: There's 2 guys showing up with grenades and full ammo just clearing up the ones who sought to fight in the middle (It's not fun hiding 8-10 min)"
,Recommended,437220,29657040,Posted: 2 February,all,URLOW,Honestly this game is better than I thoughtOPTIMIZATION :8/10Customization : 8/10GRAPHICS : 8/10WEAPONS : 9 /10Fighting : 6/10Final result : 7.8/10RECOMMEND IT
76561198002994358,Recommended,437220,29723303,Posted: 5 February,all,Swagneto,"23 April:Game is buggy as hell, I tried playing before the new update on combat but it's just so bad. I lost all of my skins, my character appears naked, when a game is won my game crashes. Not worth the time anymore.Orginal review:A great game this used to be.. Now it's kinda okay for an early access title.Combat is intense and it's a very competitive game. You used to be able to win with diffrent builds but nowadays people mostly have the same kind of perks.Buy this game on sale!!! It's very worth it."
76561198039646862,Recommended,437220,23886400,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Good@Farts,FUN AGAIN.
76561198128886564,Recommended,437220,23784600,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DocBaztard,"Don't listen to the bad reviews. The game is in EARLY ACCESS. If you can't handle a few bugs, which by the way, DO NOT break the game, then don't buy a game which is 3 months old.The gameplay is very fun, especially in team games, where you can play with a mate and own the arena.The devs are absolutely fantastic, and push out a patch every 2 weeks.The only downside to the culling is that the population on the Oceania servers is extremely low. You can basically only find FFA games on it. Now, don't let this deter you from buying the game! The more people that play the game, the faster the queue times will be.Hopefully this review has at the very least convinced you to try this game. Even if you refund after 2 weeks, at least give this game a go. If it isn't up to your standards, pick it up in a few months :)See you on the island!"
,Not Recommended,437220,35510820,Posted: 5 October,all,Left4me,"I used to really like this game a year ago so I decided to try to play it again today.I sat in the matchmaker for 6 minutes before realizing it was just me and some other guy doing the same thing in the North America server. Yep, only TWO people, including me, were online in theENTIRETY OF NORTH AMERICAWhat happened."
,Recommended,437220,21880491,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,LGD | AmeFan,God damn love this game especially the announcer voice !!An enemy just killed somebody with a barehand what an ANIMAL
,Recommended,437220,29374158,Posted: 20 January,all,ChokeDaTurkey,Great Game suggest playing a few rounds of bots before vs real people other wise you will sertanly die
76561198247966998,Not Recommended,437220,22176835,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bubbles,Game is way to laggy
76561198025942604,Not Recommended,437220,22187182,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wanted514,"Pretty boring in its current state. Always ends up a long boring 20 minutes running around picking up junk and hardly ever any action during that time. You do all the work  only to get pushed to the middle by gas once the game timer hits 0. Don't see how they will work around this repetitive play, it has very little tactical gameplay.Combat is not the greatest either. Targets taking multiple blows to bring down with even arrows to the head or hitting someone across the head with a pipe.A game like this shoudl be about brutality. You take an axe to the chest or head, you should be nearly dead. This whole thing of running around in circles trying to bat someone just looks ridiculous and ruins the immersion."
76561198136194637,Not Recommended,437220,22193322,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Th3Arr0w,FOR NOW IS A NO BECAUSE THEY HAVE NO ASIA SERVER.
76561198125630169,Not Recommended,437220,22206850,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,BradenSavage,I have waited for this game for a while and i can't play it because of my video drive it says it crashed but it is updated and it won't let me play so you better take off video driver because i waited since they announced it and now i cant play it so (FIX IT PLEASE) i can only play the basic tutorial
76561198288628680,Not Recommended,437220,22207189,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Joseph Stalin <My Car's Stalin>,Game is only slightly unplayable now as sometimes crashes when joining a game.FIX: Change your loadout (everything even name)Fix this then 10/10 gud gamatm 8/10
,Recommended,437220,22481257,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,RedVermin,"At the time of me writing this I only have about 2 hours put into this game but to be honest, thats all the time I need to tell you that this game is one of best battle royale-style games I think i've ever played. There are only a few guns but that makes up for the great melee combat that this game offers. I never really felt rushed to go to the center of the map. You could camp out in a building if you really wanted to, or If you wanted you could be the savage that kills everyone. If you have the money, I would recommend this game. You will not regret it."
76561198176784314,Not Recommended,437220,22717991,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,kappa,"This game is terrible, avoid it."
,Not Recommended,437220,22726644,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SkinnyQuinny115,"At it's current state The Culling is a broken and badly put together game.The combat hitboxes are broken, servers take forever to connect, you're naked when you do join rather than having the clothes you should have...Recently Xavient Games, the devs of The Culling released their other game Lichdom Battlemage to Xbox One.During this time The Culling was a bugged and broken mess, a few days after they made a major update to The Culling.Said update actually added a lot to the game and at the time of this updates realease the game worked well...however on Friday April 29th Xavient made a hotfix for the patch which in turn actually beat the game to a pulp until it was a limping bloody corpse weakly trying to escape early access hell!Overall I'd say don't buy this game RIGHT NOW!!Give it at least 3 to 4 updates after the recent update ""Trials from the Isles"" then see if it's fixed."
,Not Recommended,437220,22403441,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ric Flair,"No matter how many times you hit you opponent with your weapons, they will still kill you with less hits. every single game i'm using a hatchet or spear or bow (with perks helping these weapons) cause that's all you can get 9 rounds out of 10 and they spawn with chainsaw, baseball bat, hunting knives, guns. this game is completely ridiculous i must be 2-50 KDR no exageration. total waste of moneyWERE NOW AT 9 MINUTES OF WAITING FOR A SINGLE GAME THAT LASTS AROUND 10  MINUTES! AWESOME!"
,Recommended,437220,21794214,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Talamander,"This game definitely has a lot ofpotential, but I think it is imperative that you realize potential does not always equate to an amazing final product.It's an early access title, so purchase with discretion."
76561198075144493,Recommended,437220,22754300,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PixelatedPower,"tl;dr Review: It's good but not polished (Beta is Beta), combat is not really skill based but perk/item based, and for the LOVE OF ALL THAT IS FKCUING HOLY REMOVE THE STAMINA SHOT OR RESERVE IT FOR AIRDROPS, IT'S TOO FKCUING OVER POWERED. 7/10."
76561198089154790,Recommended,437220,23267161,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IceShrapnel,"At first, and I mean first ten minutes of playing, I had my doubts. The ping was high, some of the movements were jarring and disconnected, and it felt like one of those ""you have to get used to it"" games. However, since I started playing, and in such a short time, the developers have made astounding progress in categories ranging from graphics to gameplay to ping etc. They pay mind to even the smallest issues that the community brings to their attention. If you're looking for a steadily-paced, edge of your seat, constantly looking over your shoulder survival PvP experience, this is a great game. Much like an idea of Hunger Games, but so much more interesting, it really drags you in. I suggest any true PvP fans buy it, especially if you have a friend to do teams with."
,Not Recommended,437220,31400519,Posted: 27 April,all,Noob Noob,Went from my favorite game of all time to my most hated. The developers don't listen players at all. WORST DEV TEAM AND GAME EVER DO NOT BUY THIS.
76561198018713882,Not Recommended,437220,22275899,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Patrickthescrub,"Good concept, terrible execution.First off, I liked this game at first, I thought that me dieing all the time was just me being bad and other people being better. However, after many hours put into this game and practicing I can say that it is broken, invisible cheaters, people with rifles after two minutes, and constant crashes are just a few of the many plagues of this game. Also, the melee combat  had some good ideas like the whole block stagger concept, but it kinda loses me when a fully charged sledgehammer gets stopped by someone's bare forearms. All in all this game is a mess and the team gamemode, don't even start me on the team gamemode. I get spawned 700+ meters away from my teammate while a team gets adjoining spawns? In any way how is that fair? When the combat gets utterly broken in a two on one fight because one person makes you block in the front while the other stun-locks you in the back starting a non-ending cluster♥♥♥♥ of your screen shaking and you losing health until you die. And don't even ask me how a light shove almost knocks out a full-grown muscular man to the point of him not being able to do anything, just don't."
76561198067786050,Recommended,437220,22336927,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ricey,can be a bit boring after a few games
,Recommended,437220,21857756,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Yellow,"The game is great, but a bit annoying to get the hang of if you don't have experience with the combat system The Culling brings forth. And it gets more annoying if you are an AMD user, i basically found the config alteration on the subreddit and enabled that just to play this game at 55-100 fps. HOWEVER, the game does NOT require a high framerate to get played well. A higher framerate makes aiming easier. However thing is that melee is really good in this game if you know what to do. Which takes practice, but also makes it so that you can still do well even at 30 fps.Biggest gripe i got with this game lands on things that surrounds the early access norm. The mechanics need tuning, certain weapons are rather powerful, and bugs still gotta get cleaned up. The tazer is a great example. Or 1 perk combined with a tier 3-4 weapon thrown into someone's back. The damage become over 50, where you only got 100hp max. Armor, perks, syringes and such can aid you of course if you want to survive that. But all this can make certain builds win more than not, thus meaning that the game need tuning there. It is however really fun, and many early fights can run on for quite some time if you are aware and ready to play smart making even short games fun.Ratings and technical details below. Do forgive my messy writings, i am not a pro reviewer.The graphics look great, max as well as min. Game can use a ton of optimization but it works. The mechanics are well made and make sense for this type of game despite some glitches. While it takes time to get used to all this it is worth it for the savagery this game offers. Even if you get 100 ping.So for play-ability, my rating lands on 7/10. It could be a lot worse, and we have seen worse examples in the past. Servers only exist in the US and Europe. Thus connection lag become annoying in fights, but if you live close it is manageable.Graphics lands on 8.5/10. It does not need to be advanced nor over the top to work, which is clearly demonstrated if you bother to track down how to set shadows OFF and everything else put on the lowest. If you need the extra frames that is (Nvidia users got an advantage here i do believe).Overall Rating is at 9/10 on Early access. Thanks for reading this far, i will dive deeper into the main content for those that care about this below. I decided to put it last not to spoil, for people that care about this & want to jump in fresh.The game's style is based on the ""battle royale"" game mode we have seen in H1Z1, Minecraft, in other games and even as a mod in CS:GO. It works well in a gun heavy game as with H1Z1 but falls a bit flat because the map and randomization of the loot in H1Z1 can randomly annihilate you because of it's inconsistent nature and map size. While you can play around this with skill, knowledge, and a good float spawn in H1Z1, The Culling does the job properly i would argue. Example: You spawn close to start-gear you can build, based on F.U.N.C points (nano particles) which lets you explore 3-4 angles of the game instantly. Trapping, poison darts, blunt weaponry, bow and arrow and more. In H1Z1 though, even if you get to a good location it might be dominated by someone that got the only rifle at said area. This is assuming you even got a spawn that is close to where there is decent or a lot of loot. The consistency of getting weapons in The Culling is thus a lot better since you spawn close to crates and buildings by default. Unlike in H1Z1, at times. And it takes 15seconds to just get to 1 good location normally once you spawn in The Culling. Combine that with how it is impossible to get ""1-tapped"" and you got yourself a game that brings a ton to the table in an interesting way. Combine this ALSO with good perks, planning, some map knowledge, and a mastery of tactics and mechanics and you suddenly got yourself a game you can win very frequently. Yes, The Tazer, Chainsaw, SMG and guns are incredibly powerful. Yes, explosives are insanely strong and YES SKILLED PLAYERS DOMINATE. However, it takes skills and knowledge to get to said point which means that it is up to you to carve your path trough terrain, fights, and random events in order to get a shot at victory. Hard to believe that this was put together by a 4-5 man dev team but oh man such is reality. So enjoy the insanity, maybe you will get lucky as well and get a free random drop that you can sell on the market for a lot too? This also happened to me after getting 73 victories, and i have basically earned back the game just by playing a lot and having a ton of fun.Game comes with a practice mode, 2V2 and Free for all in a 16-man arena mode. If you can afford it, i'd recommend for you to pick it up asap. However if you are allergic to tactical play, some jungle running, looting and close-up combat then this game is not for you.Main content score: 8,5/10. Very refreshing take on Battle Royale.Total score: 8,8/10. The bloody corny mess of a game that is The Culling struck home with me. And do remember that i got well over 10.000 hours played of First Person Shooter games, so it should go well over with most people if someone as picky as I have clocked 73 victories after 58,5 hours, 12 days after release it's release. That's it for this review. Not sure, but i am VERY interested in making a YT channel about random builds, how-to's and such for new players that want to play this game and such. I mean i got 50K subs on 1 channel already so i will look at the possibility since i digg this game THAT much. Thanks for reading, rate it as you wish. Play smart and enjoy The culling!"
,Recommended,437220,23021239,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Чеканский Туз,"One of the best games i've ever bought!Just a quick message to all the bad reviews because of the Melee Bugs, guys, there are plenty of ways to kill a person in this game. I agree, it's still bugged as hell, but you still can fight and win a lot of games. We bought this game a month ago, and we play it everyday in team-matches. Stop crying and learn to use the melee attacks. Also remember that it's an early access.About the game itself - Amazing. We have fun, we laugh, we get mad, we get sad, we win, we loose, we create our own tactics and plans. There's no way you'd be bored in The Culling.Don't hesitate to buy."
,Recommended,437220,23917990,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bear,"Bought this game for $12.74 and I didn't put it down until 6 hours later. There went a day I could have been productive with. I went into this thinking I wasn't going to like it and that I would refund it, but the curiousity pressed me to keep going, because this game has an alluring concept: get thrown into an arena and do what you must to survive.Below I will go more in-depth with my conclusion on if this game is good or not, but for now I will summarize.7/10Great concept with nerve-wracking excitement, lets you enjoy your primitive side.Game can be a bit clunky in some areas, and can ruin the before-stated excitement for some peopleNow, onto the real talk here.Pros:Perfect mix of action and thriller, leaning on the aspect of unpredictability from your human playmates.Nice looking world with varying environmental details, like mountains of stone and small bog areas.Seemingly active devs who try and continue creating content and balancing the game (I have only started playing this game recently, and I recognize that some are upset about updates that I did not participate in, so please keep that in mind).Charmingly quirky announcer that I enjoy, along with sky-posted scoreboards.Solo and Co-Op modes (I haven't got to play the team mode yet, seeing as though I have no one to play it with, but I will edit this when I get to try that out).Characters are somewhat customizable.Cons:Rock-Paper-Scissors combat system for melee combat, revolving around Attack-Block-Shove, that is a bit clunky and seems to be 70% luck.Eating a dozen apples a day won't make you healthier although apples are good for you, and the same seems to be said about the updates for this game. Community feedback is an important part of games like this and it seems that the devs aren't 100% listening for their updates that they shove out quite often instead of saving up for quality additions. This is more a personal opinion thing though, so ignore this if you don't see a problem, and play through more updates to make your own judgment.RNG can be a monster in this game, especially since getting extremely powerful weapons can *sometimes* be up to complete chance.Not all the perks are worth using in this game, there are a handful that are quite better than others. Same with the weapons.The community is shrinking, and this is horrible for new players since most still playing are veteran players who can and will stomp you out.Ping can be an issue, I am from NA East and I have issues at times, and to my understanding this can be much worse in EU/AUS.Overall, try out this game if it sounds interesting to you, especially if you have someone to play with. It is a fun idea that can really get your heart pounding and immerse you once you get into it, even if a combat sequence might pull you back into reality after a few silly and clunky moments, and then right back into immersion after running for the hills to heal up and loot."
76561198071015341,Recommended,437220,23920540,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,El Blackout,11/10 Would smash my keyboard again
,Recommended,437220,29395129,Posted: 21 January,all,Krombopulos Michael,"The game was enoyable but felt somewhat incomplete during the alpha, but now that we are in beta (full house update) the game feels much more complete and I've had a blast with it so far."
76561198154668167,Recommended,437220,21764847,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,junior078,"I just bought the game and I really like it!But there's 1 thing that annoys me a bit. Well I sent an invite to a friend of mine who was playing the culling too.So I said ""dude I sent you an invite"" and he was like No I didn't get one.So I told him to give me an invite and I didnt get it as well so at the end we weren't able to play together.But the game itself is still badass!The graphics are pretty awesome and the fighting system is great!Crafting is also pretty damn awesome but my opinion is that they should build more loot houses or like little treehouses.And does anyone know how to fix this problem with my friend?"
,Recommended,437220,22101476,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,that slam dude,Very fun!
,Not Recommended,437220,30657954,Posted: 21 March,all,Syndrux,"The devs made a great game then decided to remove everything that made it great, they killed their own playerbase and now you cant even find a match half the time. Do not buy in its current state."
,Recommended,437220,21678229,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,massi // bloodyvalley,"Great game with great potential. Lots of fun, great visuals.Pros:-Great visuals-Popular game, lots of people play it-Fun in a team of 2 especially (you can play alone if you like)-Incredible animations-Funny announcer-Very inexpensiveCons (at the time of writing):-Lack of items which makes the game feel a little incomplete-Mouse mouvement feels quite wonky but that may be just me, it makes it hard to aim (I have tried adjusting my sensitivity but to no avail) -UPDATE: THIS HAS BEEN FIXED!-Kinda unoptimized (I artifact a little when playing) but it runs at a high framerate on high settings with a HD7970 + i5 3570k -UPDATE: ALSO FIXEDOverall impressions: for an early access game this is a great buy, especially for the mere $15CAD you have to pay in order to purchase it. It's an incredible value. I'm looking forward to spring break!I wholehearteadly recommend this game"
,Recommended,437220,21691835,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,JavierTMT \//\,Update: OMFG THIS NEW UPDATE IS LIKE A FREE LIFE TIME SUPPLY OF PIZZA it put in everything I've been asking for and it cleans up the UI everything is just *French sound effect* Check it out NOWOriginal:Great game for Early Access. So far been an addictive and extremly fun time solo and with friends. Won a couple matches. Its hard but thats what makes it intense. Also to all the people complaining about bugs and what not. It is an Early Access game thats like buying a book a 1/4 finished then getting mad at the author for not completeing the story.Solid 7/10 Its fun and addictingWIll probably become an 8/10 by the end of Development
76561197992957553,Recommended,437220,23757458,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MrProducer,There were some good patches and some bad patches in the past but the truth is that this game is NOW better than it ever was and it keeps being improved. I definitely recommend the game :D
,Recommended,437220,23759174,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BDistracted,"Love this game, it's a perfect mix between a crafting game like rust and a 'live once' game like Day Z (and somewhat like rust) without the pain of putting in hours of work only to have it torn down in a matter of minutes. There are definitely some issues to be addressed, such as melee combat at times, but overall the game is insanely fun and rewarding."
76561198104232918,Recommended,437220,23129795,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,海皇波塞冬,游戏还可以，就是没有亚洲服务器，玩别的服务器会很卡，希望以后会陆续推出亚洲服务器，最好推出中国服务器！
,Recommended,437220,23200454,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Luna,The most infuriating I've ever played....
,Recommended,437220,21686693,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cheeki breeki,"THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS.THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS.The cullingis an FFA or Teamdeathmatch where u have to survive and be the last man standing by any means, whether it means crafting a bow or knife, or simply looting abandoned buildings. Or you can go around collecting F.U.N.C which u then use to open crates, or summon special crates.Now we all know that right now there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of games, that in someway allow you to play this game mode (Last man standing, Hunger Games type♥♥♥♥♥♥ - But the culling is focusing purely on this game mode, which is nice, and to some lengths it does a good job, combining the fact that you can craft your own weapons, and that there is the perks to assist your playstyle which i quite like and makes it a bit more interesting.Let's get realPlus side:The graphics are decentThe sound is allso decent, but maybe a bit more one liners from the speaker, so it doesen't repeat itselft all the time, but this is just nitpicking.The combat is cool, but again it's hard to judge with my fps.The animations are cool.The game is not very expensive which definetly helps it's cause.Negative side:Better optimisation (My pc is not from the stoneage)♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps and a bunch of lags, and my computer is definetly half decent and shouldn't have any problems with this. <- This ways heavily in my judgement, cause for me, it is nearly unplayable.Got randomly thrown out of a fight, with no message at all, that was a bit weird too, but only experienced it once.Heard somewhere there are only american servers, maybe some servers in europe would help the lags.Things i think are missing:No ingame talkLarger team vs team (more players on each team).Maybe winning weapon skinsThe bow feels kinda useless at the moment, maybe tweak that.But all in all, it's a fun game, and it's not pretending to be anything other than it is, a fun time where you can release your anger upon players from the entire world, and u don't even have to worry about dropping the soap in prison !But still at the current moment the major lags and low fps are just not worth it, even though it's cheap, like a 10 dollar crack ♥♥♥♥♥ kinda cheap.If it ran better, then ♥♥♥♥ yea !"
,Not Recommended,437220,33031261,Posted: 30 June,all,EGG | WILDCASE.COM,Anyone who wants to buy this game.Don't the servers are empty and there aren't enough people to even play one match anymore so don't waste your money on this.
,Not Recommended,437220,29249639,Posted: 14 January,all,Need4Bleed,"I really liked this game for a lot of reasons but almost all of them are gone now.Pros:-Unique game style-Easy survival mechanics-Fast combatCons:-Updates are very experimental, sometimes they change almost everything even if the community reacts angry about that.-Servers are sometimes laggy-Unbelievable wait times(due to zero players playing)All in all this game was funny when it came out but now it's dead because the devs suck.3/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,31409448,Posted: 27 April,all,BROWN RYDA [ASAV],game was dope the first 3 months then it became garbage idk how these idiots company works but updates are soposed to make things better they made the game worst . someone needs to copy their idea and remake this game cuz this company is garbage and the game turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥also no new maps
,Not Recommended,437220,26665693,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nevada-Tan,Damn. The people who made this game sure ♥♥♥♥ed up big time. Heaps of youtubers and twitch streamers were playing this. It also had a lot of players then an update came out and then no one played it. Wouldn't it be a good Idea to you know... make what made this game great? This game is literally dead now... 200 avg players is depressing for a once great game.
,Recommended,437220,23385077,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,dunderbird,"- Went stealth perks- Decided to get chainsaw- Got into game- Got a few kills- Called in airdrop- Picked up my chainsaw- Saw a guy running in the horizon- Followed after- Sneaked up on him- Was gonna attack him with chainsaw- BRUM BRUM BRUM, ""forgot that i needed to start the chainsaw""- Guy turns around and shoots me in the head10/10"
76561198075063422,Recommended,437220,29324545,Posted: 17 January,all,Homosexual Whale,it was fun for a few hours
76561198009797123,Recommended,437220,29386318,Posted: 20 January,all,deadlyDomino,"Great game, constantly patched, satisfying combat, a lot of fun. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,437220,22348995,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Curt,"What an excellent survival/combat gameTL;DRAwesome game, Amazing tension and gameplay, some rare latency issues.Please don't be like me and write this off as another early access survival game on Steam. This game is truely a one-of-a-kind experience. The game's concept is simple enough; 16 players are throw on an island to kill each other and the last man standing is the winner. However, this is no Hunger Games. There is no ridiculous romance sub-plot, theres no uninteresting world, and there is actually some realtension(A.K.A. You are not Katniss Everdeen, you are not garunteed to survive). This game's genius comes from it's simplicity. The crafting is as simple as it gets, meaning no flipping through wikis to figure out what does what, and there's even a quick access crafting guide in the pause menu if you desperately need it. There is even a very helpful and short tutorial in the game to explain the mechanics to you. The combat is also simple in that you have three different moves at your disposal, which are your attack, block, and shove (unless you are lucky enough to find a gun or bow). The combat system is simple enough for anyone to understand it, but difficult to master.There are also some interesting ideas that The Culling attempts to implement into the survival/crafting game formula as well. Perks are present in this game and allow you to specialize in a weapon type or different abilities. For example, my preferred loadout is built around running faster and dealing more damage with blades, while also being silent to be able to sneak up on opponents. You can also equip airdrops that can be called in and you can unlock more of them by stealing drops from other people or by getting a randomly placed supply drop in game. These airdrops add even more elements to consider when making a loadout. You can also change characters clothing that can be unlocked by completing matches.Another interesting feature is the F.U.N.C. system. To craft an item, call in an airdrop, or open a rare crate, you will need F.U.N.C., which stands for ""Flexible Universal Nano Compound"". This is like the game's currency system. F.U.N.C. is obtained over time from rewards, Selling items, killing other players, or by finding little caches of F.U.N.C. around the map (Usually in the form of human remains). This mechanic is greatly appreciated to keep the gameplay balanced and to add in a way to avoid too many care packages being obtained. What is also great is that the mechanic is also simple and accessible.And that is what makes this game so unique, it is a verysimplegame. These survival games keep trying to go bigger and larger, with more crafting and survival mechanics to make them ""hardcore"" games, but no game in my life has made my heart beat out of my chest like The Culling does. And actually being the last man surviving and winning The Culling?Pure blissThe game's atmosphere is also on point. Instead of a scoreboard that you can pull up at any time, there are monitors around the map and a giant projection in the sky that display the scoreboard, and the announcer for the game is funny and charismatic. The sound design also was ambient and always kept me guessing if someone was sneaking up on me.While every fight in the culling is blood pumping tense, they can also be fustratingly difficult. Latency issues sometimes cause thrown items or projectiles not to hit, hits won't register, or people to teleport. It has not been a common issue for me (I live on the East Coast of the US), but it is extremely noticable when it occurs.There are also some awkward animations and some missing polish in gameplay, but this game could pass for a Bethesda Title. (Just kidding Bethesda, I love you bb) But seriously, there are early access games out there with much less polish than this (looking atyouThe Forrest.Latency issues and early access noticability aside, The Culling is an excellent and intense survival game that is brutally unforgiving while still remaining simplistic. Gameplay is fun and tense, the environment is cool and exotic, and the sound design is really cool. I can't wait for what else the developers are going to add in the make this game even greater.As of 4/10/2016, this game is an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,437220,23369132,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,inclineskier,"If you make it to the bottom, I love you.Reason: I really love this game.TL:DRIf your looking for a ridiculous challenge of a 1/16 chance of winning but backs that with humor, great  rewards to personalize your character, and decent and constantly updating (both for good and a lot of bad) combat, this game is absolutely fantastic. Has ALOT of issues but is in alpha. Keeps getting better lately so I really see this as a high potential game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Culling is anything you want it to be, that is why the reviews are so sporadic/mostly negative. My thoughts on this game is one of a unique perspective; I am not a hardcore pc gamer and have only recently made the transition from console to PC. My thoughts on gaming were always simple;Good story line+competitive nature+Quality graphics+(Risk+reward)+difficulty=Amazing Game.The main issue/Greatest achievement is the difficultly of such a simply controlled game as the Culling. Basic controls, plus one key, is quite honestly the most basic control set and so easy to play, yet so very difficult to master. Now make no mistake I lose, and I lose ALOT!. But that’s the point. Every once in a great while you get the thrill of a hard fought and well achieved Victory. If you win all the time, the game would be pointless and loses its true magic. The point of this game, in all reality is to allow yourself to truly feel as if you have one shot to survive and reap the rewards, and in reality, this game conquers that amazing adrenaline rushing feel. Now yes, you lose a lot, and that’s where many find issue. When you have a 1in16 chance of winning, rarely will you win without truly using skill and having a bit of luck never hurt too.Is there issues? Absolutely. The combat is lack luster with some key aspects slow and feeling of weakness. Was the old system towards the beginning before patches more fun? Absolutely right now its terrible. But do I enjoy the game? Absolutely, the potential in this game is through the roof. This is Alpha which is for exactly this. Learn from mistakes and move the game forward for a true release, which is still a long ways out. The key here for my self is the potential. Potentially it has the concept, the graphics, the story line and the humor in such a gory and raw and random game. With that also comes the high probability of a long losing streak, which causes those who only want to win, to hate a game like this. The hugely popular game League of Legends is huge because even if your poor at playing, on average you'll win 45-50% of the time. Same with CSGO, same with Battlefield same with most games. There is a largely high chance that if your moderately good and someone is excessively good in a team, its possible to still have fun even in a serious setting and win. Instead of singularity relying on skill you rely on yourself and others(softens the blow of losses, but softens the thrill of the win). Here its based of your actions alone. That is the brilliance in it. You cant blame anyone but your self in loss, but that’s why a win is so utterly satisfying.If you look at this game as a great way to mostly lose, and rarely win, but have it be highly entertaining, I say this is utterly fantastic. If your looking to win ½ of even a ¼ of the time, your going to hate it.Consistent updates is a plus, but only most recently. The updates the past 2 months have killed it, but the last 3 I think has really fixed what was once so good."
,Recommended,437220,23642077,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,perkz,"Few multiplayer games leave me feeling terrified of my competitors any more - but The Culling manages it, and well!Unlike so many recent games where you have a built-in advantage if you've spent more time playing (or paying!), this game is completely egalitarian, everyone has the same customisation choices from purchase (save for cosmetics).If you're looking for an exciting, competitive, nuanced multiplayer experience with no grinding whatsoever, then look no further!"
76561198026406576,Recommended,437220,23642894,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bengamin,"Very fun game. There is definitely a learning curve for new players but it's worth the effort. Being an early access game there are ongoing changes to the melee mechanics and weapon balancing, Some updates are obviously better than others, so don't let the negative reviews put you off - it's a huge amount of fun for $15."
,Recommended,437220,31590353,Posted: 6 May,all,Inygma,"THe old, good game is back, and it's better than ever."
76561198101358050,Recommended,437220,28276695,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,cripple city,"The culling is a fantastic game when it is at its prime. When its on its prime it is instant action, because in this new meta many people decide to take the very early care package, then start to hunt. Combat is very intuitive and there are many little things that can give you an edge. Furthermore, the games are very quick and the waiting time is at most 3 minutes long. One of the best games that i have ever had wasn't stopping everyone, and have the game go by quick. The best game was when it is constant skirmishes and at one point it was 5 people constantly fighting and jostling for position. As this fighting went on more and more people started to join in, and someone even SAVED by pepper spraying the guy and allowed me to run. This truly is a fun and takes a learning curve, so it will take awhile to get your first win and keeping updated on the patch notes will also give you an advantage."
,Not Recommended,437220,28537801,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,because im happy happy,"The new patch is god awful. Removes all skill from the game. If you previously had any skill at all, completely disreguard it and be ready to be killed by people with 1/10 your hours."
76561198330950238,Not Recommended,437220,28537811,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Wizard,This new update sucks giant♥♥♥♥♥♥ Removed all skill from the game.
76561198217387552,Recommended,437220,31595042,Posted: 6 May,all,TheTrixter59,"Having only plaied this game for a short time i can calmly say that i recommend this game. ill say the worst thing is pobably the level gap of people who have been playing since alpha and those who just started, IE me, i enjoy it tho"
76561198004425671,Recommended,437220,21633612,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rendvar,Suprisingly well done for Early Access. Glitches game needs to be optimized more fluid. Other then that very fun arena to jump into and start killing people
,Not Recommended,437220,22275698,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,GrEeN bEanIO,Moving feels weird. Jumping makes you fly 20 meters. PvP feels like your hitting a wall that hits you back.5/10 just average.
,Recommended,437220,23881721,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,I recommend this game if you have a competitive nature. It has a rather steep learning curve as a lot of the player base is extremely skilled and only one contestant emerges victorious. With over 100 hours played I can honestly say that some of the most heart pounding and exhilarating  moments have come from this game.For the price I recommend giving it a try if your on the fence. Good luck and hope to see you on the island.
76561198122832260,Recommended,437220,23973047,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nickanoid,This is my favorite game on Steam and I have tons of games on Steam. Any negative reviews in the past are because of unbalance issues or other mistakes that were made but the developers keep rebalancing the game and this game has more potential than I've ever seen in a game as they keep adding and fixing content. I am immensely impressed. BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!
76561198017819760,Recommended,437220,23152308,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,balu.,"Good game, good devs, good community!!!"
,Recommended,437220,23768636,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Seal Team Rick,"My first experiance~ ""Spend the first half an hour learning the basics thanks to the practice mode and the tutorials, i then decide to take my experiance online.For my first match, i didnt see a single person for about 15 minutes, until i crouch off the edge of a rock and watch two guys battle it out, whilst im preparing my bow to kill the victor. After failing to get the kill, i then camp outside a building for this guy for a further 5 minutes. I decide to run in, only to be immediatly damaged by traps, and then bludgeoned to death with a branch-honestly it was an amazing experiance for a first match""The culling runs really smoothly, and even though it's a game about a murder TV show, it adds a lot of comedy thanks to the man droid hating presenter who has fun little comments for each kill. Though when i stopped to laugh at him, i nearly had a heart attack as a spear pierced my back, gotta keep paying attention to the surroundings.Speaking of the surroundings, The Culling is visually pleasing with just about everything from the foliage to the brutal corpse of your hacked up enemy.There is also an easy to learn crafting system, which is different to most other games as there isn't a crafting menu or anything like that, whilst combining two rocks together to make a knife seems silly, the backstory actually explains this.And the main thing about a game about murder, is probably the combat system. Meelee combat is pretty easy to get the hand of, though knowing when to block and hit can take some practice. But if you want to throw your spear, you'd best get a lot of practice in as it's a little difficult at first considering there isn't a crosshare10/10 for forcing an ice pick into the back of a mans skull, never gets better then that!"
,Recommended,437220,23694109,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Joker,"This game is fantastic. I have played it for 120 hours so far, but have had a blast every single hour of doing so. I usually play with a buddy, and a lot of good times are had - but even going solo in FFA is a blast. Be tactical, be a pansy and hide in a bush - there are many different ways to play and different techniques, but by the end, only one person is the victor (and it's usually not me, because I ♥♥♥♥ing blow, but I have fun anyways).If you're looking for a good game to kill time or to play with friends, this is your game. The developers are great, there are frequent updates and they take the communities feedback far into consideration."
,Recommended,437220,23790251,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aykep,"The game itself is not bad , but needs new patches. 8/10."
76561198067818979,Recommended,437220,23502261,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,CaptainRain,"Great game over all, i recommend it to people who are looking for hardcore intense and quick battles. Fun if you get the hang of combat and can quickly change your fighting style. Its tough at first but can easily be really fun and enjoyable for countless hours.Pros:Quick RoundsHardcore FightTrue SkillzConstant UpdatesDev's listen to communityVery replayableItems and CustomizationCons:Constant Updates (Bad if you dont like combat changing because they keep adjusting it)Tricky if unexperienced in this type of game styleNot a ton done towards teamers in FFA right nowLots of balancing needs to be done towards alot of items and perksLittle variation in Axes and SpearsI'd give it 8.5/10 in current state."
76561197971634245,Not Recommended,437220,22222488,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rain,"Used to enjoy playing this game a lot, most recent patch completely ruined melee combat to the point where it's takes no skill to fight.  I've had several cases of people blocking my attacks when not even facing me, even once when I was about to backstab someone he held up block, blocked my attack, and turned around and stabbed me. The melee combat wasn't the easiest previously but at least you could use it."
,Not Recommended,437220,31421611,Posted: 28 April,all,1 2,"TL;DR: This game was fun for a few months, then the developers accidently ruined the game for nearly every machine and decided to lose their entire playerbase. Game is nearly dead now.Edit for the comment:They changed the entire lighting rendering system, making it look bad/worse to current players at the time in an attempt to improve it. The lighting/graphics change ruined performance/optimization on many machines, including mine, which was using a gtx 750 ti, i7 processor at the time (not the best machine, but well above average). It killed my framerate, and many others' as well. They also changed combat system, which made current players at the time adapt to their forced changes. Many people complained about that change, and many people thought the ones who were complaining were just being babies.Because of all of that, the playerbase dropped significantly, especially when streamers stopped streaming it to Twitch, and it lost popularity. You can still find a game now, but it's not nearly as fun as it once was. It just feels like an empty game where there are the few experts that continued to play and adapt to the changes and will just wreck you. I loved this game when it first came out, put many hours into it, and was disappointed when I realized that one day every thing about it changed, and it wasn't popular.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, The Culling got the burnt end of the match on this one."
,Not Recommended,437220,23223114,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Gil3344 twitch.tv/Gil3344,I Do not recommend this game due to its preformance issues GTX 970 Core i5
76561198045733559,Not Recommended,437220,27779832,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Synyster Gates,"Used to be fun, and then the updates killed it"
76561198111856463,Not Recommended,437220,27708914,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,atsutane,"Had the game since the EA release, the game have a good potential but there is really bad balance and mechanic issues that the dev still doesn't fix. The past 3 patch did a good job at fixing some of them but the core game is still not viable.Don't buy the game until they fix the issues."
,Recommended,437220,23207170,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,♦ g_maverickz ♦,"Man, all these negative comments about the combat being horrible. Poor excuse for you being bad at the game."
,Not Recommended,437220,32928327,Posted: 28 June,all,Blunderbuss,"Bought this game, the game at beginning had GREAT gameplay and poor graphics (which didn't matter) and I played it a lot.Until the developers completely RUINED the game by removing the ability to play solo. As a result you get in a match with somebody u don't know which get killed in the first 5 seconds.Also, airdrop at the start of the match ? Seriously ?So as a result to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ update all people left the game. And the developers are not listening to the players which want the solo back among other things. DONT BUY IT !"
76561197960273721,Recommended,437220,21646631,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LoAll,"10 Where the FU** IM I9 it's dark8 what's that smell..Ooh no7 Im I at the vets..5 Holes, that should get rid of the smell4 I hope that's all the holes are for..3 Is that a forest outside2 yes.. Yes it is1 Where the FU** IM IAnd you're out of that box, and off to explore and find weapons/stims/func. stims which provide you with an array of stats boosts e.g. (-15% damage reduction from falling biscuits). And func an ingame currency, which is required in order to craft items and open ingame boxes, with which you can obtain higher tier weapons to poison/stab/bludgeon/poke your way to victory. This game starts out by having you build your very own Katniss (face/hair/clothing) and perks, e.g. stealth for silent stabby, stab stabs, or maybe body armor to protect you from such silent stabby, stab stabbers. This game  features a competent tutorial to help you learn the basic, with which to help set you on your road to Victory.Take a look at me and a friend on that very roadhttps://youtu.be/JDSLiXGMUwo"
,Recommended,437220,21629351,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,too saucy,is good
76561197974541580,Recommended,437220,22206565,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Woundedwaffle,A story of a man in a bushI spawn in with one of my new quickly made friends on The Culling.I loot a building and find a speed bost and a damage  buffMy spider senses are tinglingI rush over to my friend screaming for helpI run over 600M using the speed boost and punch the guy in the faceHe runs offWe end up looting the building and salvage everything for F.U.N.CFunc is the main crafting and spending resourceWe go to a satalite tower because of a random crate event.We wait at the satalite talking for a while untill 2 men show upI quickly go into action and punch one of the men in the face engaging inMy other friend engages combat but seems to be having troubleWe quickly swap targets and i manage to get a killing blow on one of our attackersMy friend is looking at the man i just killed when he gets stabbed in the kidneyMy friend falls deadI run after the man but hes too fast and runs awayAngry about my fallen friends death i call in a airdrop. A rifleI quickly go to the outskirts of the center arena and wait in a bushOne of the last 3 contestants rushes in to fight the man who killed my friendHe drops like a flyIm hiding in a bush scouting the area for the last man. the man who killed my friendI find him scouting for meI quickly shoot him one in the chestHe stands there scanning the area in panick*KWAP* another shot and down goes the manI get a swat maskI wear it every day to remember my avengment of my friendi cri every tiem10/10 good game fluent combat powerful guns and good ranged combat lots of mechanics and will F.U.N.C you up
76561198020783367,Recommended,437220,22800314,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,funny name,"This game is really good, It's really fun. But as of right now- 5/4/2016- The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you're masterful with a ranged weapon. I'll still play this game and still be in agony at my 100+ping vs everyone on east coast. There's always going to be that guy that says ""boohoo deal with it""- but he's probably sitting on a cool 10-30ping himself. Some of us may not be that good at this game but until they optimize combat and add some new servers, anyone past central is indefinitely screwed unless you just hide the entire game and hope to God that nobody finds you. I really love this game. I have such high hopes for this game and I can't wait until Xaviant actually fixes it, but until that time, I do not recommend this game at all. But hey if you're on East Coast definitely go for it!EDIT- 5/22/2016Ahh, what a refreshing breeze that's just rolled through my life. While I sit here watching my days go by as I slowly melt away staring at my computer screen, a small glimpse of hope has appeared. I open my crusty eyes while brushing off the pizza crumbs from my MLP t-shirt and..  wait..  can it be? Have the Gods heard my prayers?YES! West coast servers! Finally a way to channel my unkempt anger and daddy issues.10/10 would play the game and continue to get mad at"
76561198037861698,Recommended,437220,29346609,Posted: 18 January,all,OlbapXIV,BEST BATTLE ROYAL EVER!!!
,Recommended,437220,29436179,Posted: 22 January,all,BigMemeTyrone,very good update not worth 25 tho
76561198336790929,Recommended,437220,29725169,Posted: 5 February,all,Toad,"I buy this game but I can't play it, optimize this ♥♥♥♥ing game! I do 3 fps with the most low quality, I got a AMD R6 Graphics"
76561198058802005,Not Recommended,437220,34424009,Posted: 22 August,all,Will Whitez,As is it is not worth buying shame it was a diamond while it was rough now its polished and turns out it was a piece of shiny coal.
,Recommended,437220,29044201,Posted: 5 January,all,Daddy,The only BR game with potential to actually be good at full release.
76561198095817864,Not Recommended,437220,33980051,Posted: 2 August,all,Crackerboi,"This game was really nice when it first released, but it looks like the devs have driven the community away with a series of unpopular updates. the game has an insanely small player base now, I wouldn't recommend buying it unless you somehow manage to have fun while playing against the downright terrible AI."
,Not Recommended,437220,33711929,Posted: 21 July,all,Drunk On Mouthwash,Honestly ♥♥♥♥ the devs for ruining such potential.
,Recommended,437220,23380778,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,fØhni,"Definitely needs some FPS optimization, but keep in mind it is in Pre-Alpha. Lots of fun, fun combat. Reccomended."
,Recommended,437220,22801637,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,CoffeeBeener,"Absolutely amazing, with a range of drops and persk you can esentially create most any specified build you want to fit your play style. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,437220,30051789,Posted: 19 February,all,A Common Shark,chucked rock at a guy and I won10/10
,Recommended,437220,35506351,Posted: 5 October,all,Kappa Lisa,"Now, The Culling is a tricky game to review. On the one hand, it's on the top 5 over games I've been the most obsessed and passionate about, on the other hand it's in a super tough spot because of bad decisions from the devs 6 months or so ago. The past month or so the game has been pretty much dead with only 2-4 peak hours a day in which you'd be even able to find a game.The thing is, the game is in a pretty damn good place now! With the release of the patch that came with the full release October 6th, they fixed most of the stability issues and bugs that were problematic and added new content for more variety, meaning the only thing that this game really needs right now is players. If you're skeptic, you're probably better off waiting a week or so to look at the steam charts and see if the player numbers are tolerable or not. If you're in the mood of discovering a hidden gem this weekend however, go for it! PS: the fact that most players who play now are old school players with hundreds and sometimes thousands of hours, being a new player in this game has a pretty tough learning curve - if learning by failure is your thing though, that's nothing to worry about - the skill ceiling for this game is very high indeed!This game has given me more enjoyment than most of the AAA games I've played, so I can't give it anything but a positive rating. If you ever looked for a game to show you how you would do in the Hunger Games, this game is right up your alley!"
76561198071596834,Recommended,437220,35506535,Posted: 5 October,all,Bakugan: Battle Brawlers,"I'm going to be very upfront and consise with my points and arguments in my review of this game. I don't think it deserves all the negative reviews that it has right now.#1 - The ""Rock, Paper, Scissor"" style of combat in this game is one of the most creative and fun things I have ever experienced. Its amazing how such a simple mechanic can be used so flawlessly to create such a noticable skill gap within the playerbase. Its one of the reasons this game so much fun, every kill is DESERVED. Fighting in this game is such a rush and makes every kill feel like such a success. Even when you lose a battle you still feel good because you know that it wasn't because of luck that you lost. You realize that you lost because the other player fought better and it gives you a goal to try and be better next time. Not to mention the fact that all the movement and options feel very smooth and well designed. For these reasons alone I fullheartedly reccomend buying this game based off the actual gameplay.#2 - The playerbase is terrible. Back in 2016 this game was amazing because it only took you a couple of minutes to get into a match, no longer than queuing up for a CS:GO game. Now in 2017 it is impossible to find a match, literally IMPOSSIBLE. I have so much love for this game as it used to be something I could pick up and play while I was bored and had around 30 minutes to kill. I really wish the developers of this game find some way to bring back the playerbase and get people back into this game because I know the community would love it. While I don't know exactly the best method to do this, I know it must be done if the developers want this game to succeed. For this reason I would highly suggest not buying this game until the devs figure out how to get people to play this game again.TL:DR - This game is one of the funnest games I've ever played. However, theres no chance you're going to find a match until the Devs do something to bring this game back. My advice is to wait until this game goes on sale or to play it on a free weekend (if that ever happens). Just don't buy it until the devs find a way to make people play again."
,Recommended,437220,31751219,Posted: 14 May,all,postmega69 hellcase.com,i was every mad that the game was messed up for a while and i got back into playing after 8 updates and im love it.... its a lot better than it was before
,Recommended,437220,31593002,Posted: 6 May,all,livingzak,i very like the curling because you can kill some people ;)
,Recommended,437220,22792522,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Insurgepus,+gameplay+idea-FPS-Ping-Unbalanced combat-Early Access-Even hotfix update is 2.2gbGame really needs polishing.
,Recommended,437220,22181708,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Major Tom,Very entertaining game with fast acting devs that listen to the community. Definitely worth the price considering how much entertainment there is to gain.I'd say give it a go.
,Recommended,437220,22128288,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rowdy Radford,The Culling is a great game that has even greater potential.  I would recommend this game to anyone that likes survival games that are also fast paced action.
,Recommended,437220,29595234,Posted: 30 January,all,Blaankket,"First off I'd like to say, the ratings this game receives are NOT fair. The only reason people downvote this game is because they're bad at the game and are too lazy to try to get better. This game isn't even a year old yet and it's still in development, which means the game is not finished yet. Sure theres some glitches or bugs  here or there but this game is still fun as hell."
76561198238529914,Not Recommended,437220,23512591,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,(ง︡'-'︠)ง Negro Fight (ง︡'-'︠)ง,Fix the game queue times in oceania are like 60 minutes bring back the old patches so more people play
76561198125661264,Recommended,437220,21748057,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BIRNEI,Welcome to the 77 hunger games !!!
,Recommended,437220,22666900,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,barron,"honestly, its an amazing game, but the combat is completely ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Recommended,437220,23643619,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The_Twan,Devs actually care and change the game up very often to make players happy. Also pretty cheap game. Get it.
76561198347353182,Recommended,437220,30155786,Posted: 24 February,all,LasairGorm,"The game was touch and go for a bit, but the newest updates have greatly improved the game.  The game menu is better and more direct.  The new location is great, adding something different to mix it up.  Like all games the more you play the easier it gets."
,Recommended,437220,31448035,Posted: 29 April,all,Nova...,"The combat is fun and different from other battle royal games, focusing much more on melee combat than guns. The negative comments are from people who played the free weekend, launched the game, and died in the first few minutes because they didnt understand the game. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,437220,22049350,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,✪ISAACB890,Amazing game. Definetly worth the money !
76561198088239716,Recommended,437220,21837933,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BSovs,"I wish there was a mixed recemend option for reviews, because that is what this deserves. Yes this game is great, good job devs on making a good battle royal for once. Is this game worth $16.99? Well that is what I would like to find out. Pros to The Culling:  1. Beatiful graphics. Honestly this game is beautiful, great job on the scene. 2. Great physics. Physics are so important, and I am glad to see that they put effort in the realism of it. 3. Gameplay. Like I said before, best battle royal game. It is structured like the hunger games (the cornucopia in the middle) creating a well balance level. Very few good weapons, and money management also come into play in this game. Again well done. So where does The Culling go wrong? It seems like it is the perfect game... well not exactly. Cons:  1. Gets boring. I know some might say it does not, but lets be real here, there is only one map with the same gameplay every time. I was done with it after an hour. If you play with freinds yes it is more enjoyable, but still gets old after a short amount of time. This being said I did have a lot of fun in that hour.  2. Games are long. I know I should not be saying this as I am a csgo player, but still it is a little annoying sometimes. You will spend 15 mins getting the perfect gear together, and then you get hunted down. Now this does not happen all the time (thank god) but it still feels like a bit long of a game 20mins. I don't see this one ever changing in the future so just keep that in mind before you buy it, ""can I spend 20mins on each game?"".    So there you have it, my full review. So what, am I for or against The Culling? I am not sure really. I say buy it if you are interested in long strategic survival. If you are caught in the hype just wait a little, the price will go down and you will get your shot at winning the games. Hopefully this game will get some new maps and game types in the future. Hope you liked my review."
76561198110708839,Recommended,437220,32303639,Posted: 9 June,all,Elan,"The game has gone through some ups and downs and the devs have made some terrible decisions with some of the patches, but currently, the game is actually a lot of fun but needs some more players. I only hope the player base gets larger because right now the game doesn't deserve all the hate its recieved."
,Recommended,437220,28803064,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,♞ LeOo,Very Good.
76561198045448933,Recommended,437220,23712183,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Juking Is Rude!,"Many of the negative reviews are people who are surprised that the devs would actually experiment and try to improve the game in an early access game.People with server/queue issues are also a vocal minority.The patches have not alwys been balanced and at times the game has even been broken, but the current state of the game is fantastic, and no other dev team in history has been so committed to finding the best recipe to make their game the most fun and a leader of the genre."
,Recommended,437220,21712084,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Baron One-Eye,"It is a great hunger game typish game. If you love to backstab your own friends and maybe other players you should buy this.If live gives you a alarm gun, don't shoot your enemies even bible says you should not shoot others, but throw it at their faces."
76561197974280173,Recommended,437220,23803285,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TMACSAURUS,"Pros:- It's...fun (omg i know right?!)- Easy to pick up the basics but still has a high skill ceiling,- Good & regular developer feedback.- Can bait the s**t out of people.- Looks great.- Good community.- Can snake kills...Cons:- People snake your kills...In short it's a fun game that's had its ups and downs over the past few months, but it's making progress none the less. To those that are afraid of getting wrecked when you start - don't worry, you will. We've all been there. Just have faith that your first win will be worth it all."
,Recommended,437220,23869362,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SenpaiLover69,Perfect game :) but honestly i would change combat sistem but in all points great game to play with friends or just alone :)
76561197999327184,Recommended,437220,21702457,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,✪ Gh0st,"Absoultely amazing gameplay. There are of course still a lot of physics and graphical changes that can be made to increase the realism, but the gameplay FEELS great regardless of how it looks. Fast paced and tons of fun, this game puts ""Battle Royale"" on a whole new level. The Culling has strength where it's counterpart H1Z1: King Of The Kill lacks. I am very excited to see where this game goes with future development.H1Z1 - Long game times, hundreds of players in each game, looting is your advantage (so if your spawn is in the middle of a forest then you're out of luck), sometimes a lot of waiting around in the safe zone and  avoiding others only to die in the top 3 and have wasted your time.The Culling - 20-25 minutes average game time, maximum 16 players per game, crafting plays a major role as well as looting (so even if you can't find what you need in lockers or buildings, you can still craft yourself an arsenal), the shorter game times means less waiting around and more fighting other players or running from them."
,Recommended,437220,21698523,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,FlashHulk,"-Really fun and addicting for such a cheap price-much more dynamic than expected, people start brawling within first minute (for some reason)-feel like some perk tweaks need to be made such as the stealth one (feel like its too ubiquitous).-Would like to have private matches/group queue for free-for-all, but game is still in alpha testing"
,Recommended,437220,21718421,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Xerxeth,"The Culling is a fun take on Battle Royale. Ever get those butt clenching moments when you're trying to clutch on Counter-Strike? You pretty much feel like that all the time in The Culling. There's something so satisfying about winning a fight, or better yet, the actual match, that I just don't get with other games. Its just a pure adrenaline rush.The crafting in this game doesn't get in the way, and I like how its handled. You want some more arrows for your bow? Oh hey, just rub this stick against your bow and the nanites inside you will take care of the rest!Combat is nice and simple, and no one ever has a huge advantage weapon-wise... if you're tactical about the engagement. I've been in various combat scenarios where I'm simply out-gunned but I'll come out on top. This guy has a rifle? Pffft, I'll move tree-to-tree and pepper spray the guy and disarm him as I repeatedly impale him with my dirty spear. I've been out-numbered and ganged up on, but with a bit of luck and careful combat... you can easily clutch! I've intercepted other people's airdrops and used it against them! Simply put, its fun to be in combat and you'll never know what's going to happen when you're fighting another player like yourself who's desperately fighting for their life too.You have perks that you can use to suit your playstyle, and there's also airdrops to help reinforce that. You can unlock airdrops by opening ones you haven't discovered yet.Team fights are also fun, you and a buddy vs 14 other people paired off into teams of two.Good luck, contestants!"
,Recommended,437220,21692032,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Marcel,"I recommend the game overall very fun, but I do in future wish for a ranking system or something to play for except for cosmetic items that are useless."
,Recommended,437220,21684287,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Censored,"To start this off don't punch the red barrels.So far this game is brilliant, I personally have not encountered any bugs which includes things like crashes etc. I live in the UK and my ping has been more than adequate.The game allows you to play how you want, whether that be hack and slash or to stay at bay with a bow, or set up booby traps everywhere. It allows you to play carefully and stealthily or running around stabbing someone with your tier 1 stone knife just hoping for your perk to proc for that sweet 20% chance to cripple your target. But regardless of how you play the gas will fill the map and you will either emerge victorious or die in the centre of the map.Winning this game in a clutch situation is one of the best feelings to be had in gaming, last night while teaming up with a friend, he died within 5 minutes (Hallie if you are reading this you are bad and should feel bad) leaving me alone against 4 more remaining teams (8 people) and to cut a long story short I played carefully picking my battles until the gas arrived, I baited a chainsaw wielding mad man that was on a slaughtering spree into a remote bomb leaving him with 5 hp and I swiftly dismembered him with my sabre. Also finishing off his team mate in the process who was also low.  My reward for winning this was a ginger parting hairstyle... Thanks.All in all for an early access game it's foundations are set up very nicely, I reckon I'll get around 20-25 hours of replay value in the current version of the game. With future updates that will extend greatly.8/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,31735903,Posted: 13 May,all,robzombie4321,This game has died....
,Not Recommended,437220,26493098,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,EL DOGE,DON'T BUY IT!!! I had to wait 30 min. to begin a match and the optimization istead of improving got much worseI used to love this game but how can you like a game if you can't even play it -.-
,Recommended,437220,29364434,Posted: 19 January,all,Fynch,"This game has improved so much since the January 18th update. I can't even begin to describe how much fun I have reading my oppnents moves figuring out if they are going to block, shove or swing.It can feel like a little unfair at times but it's still a great game.The player base is growing and you should for sure check it out."
,Recommended,437220,21652837,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,✪ Charlie,"Great fun, made better with friends.*Is early access so there are bugs such as 62 fps max lock. odd placment of objects etc.  They will be fixing i'm sure.*Only has North American servers as of 5/3/16 but again theyre not likely to ignore this.*Is demanding we have 2 copies on 2 seperate PC's with the following components and FPS*Is loads of funPC1:I5 3570K @4.2GTX 7808GB RAMHigh/Extream settings 35-62 FPS(there seems to be a 62 fps lock at the mo which they are working on according the internet)PC2:i3 3220GTX6608GB ramMid settings 25-62FPSRecommended if youre willing to put up with bugs and low fps. Im sure the bugs and FPS will be optimised in the future."
,Recommended,437220,21647582,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Better Kouhai than BB,"Finally, I can watch The Hunger game without the boring♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,437220,21652826,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ItsAz,"This game is extremely fun but it does need some work but is still good enough to warrant a positive review.NOTE: I highly reccomend waiting for the NBN to come to your area before buying this game, otherwise be prepared for lag city as there are only NA servers at this time."
,Not Recommended,437220,31385866,Posted: 26 April,all,Spedwagon,Believe it or not this game was actually good before they ♥♥♥♥ed with the combat system
76561198054961011,Recommended,437220,29678821,Posted: 3 February,all,I Am The Goat,the new patch is great and really fun with friends i sugest the game to all
76561198014636228,Recommended,437220,29732087,Posted: 5 February,all,potikoutlaw,great game runs good and looks good ! i really like this game its alot fun and plays as it looks ! all the other haters out there are the same people that ♥♥♥♥♥ about everything in life and will never be happy about a game ! this game is worth it !
76561198232821840,Recommended,437220,35037968,Posted: 17 September,all,Killer_cat_man,"I absoluely love this game to death!!! I hope that you guys release more updates soon giving more maps, and weapons so this game gets popular again!!! Keep up the good work! Dont give up on the game!"
,Recommended,437220,21738300,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,NATHAN,By far the best early access game i have ever played :D
,Recommended,437220,21696689,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DignifiedPeach,"This game is early access and I am writing the review on it's current state.Now, I might be bias, as this is one of the types of games I've been looking forward to for several years. I've been interested in a game that was reminiscent of The Hunger Games, and I've finally found one. The game plays great, with some issues like crashing every once in a while and bad frames here and there, but it's such a fun game!There's crafting, which is how you make bandages, ammunition, and starting weapons. Then there's item crates where you can get more powerful weapons, and finally airdrops, which give you kits for a big pricetag.I enjoy this game not only because it's what I've been looking for, but also because of the playability. No match is the same, and don't get discouraged when you keep losing, as I haven't won once. I also am pretty happy with the graphics.Pros:-Cool game style-No microtransactions (Yet, please don't add them.)-Good graphics-Great sound effectsCons:-Crashing and minor frameskips as said above-Shadows, Anti-Aliasing, etc are very taxing when it comes to FPS which I hope will be fixed-Bad textures for the first half minute when starting a match, but it fixes itself after that-No servers outside the U.S. (I live in the U.S. so I don't really care about this, but others do...that's mostly why there's negative reviews right now.)Guys, I have hope that these developers are gonna do their job well and make this into a great game. There's so much content that's here already and I can't wait to see what else they throw into it in the next months/years. Yes I recommend this purchase. Yes I think you should buy this. The cons aren't that bad when it comes to how fun this game is; I'd recommend this to everyone. Cheers."
,Recommended,437220,23217004,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ripptear,This game is one of the best i have played on steam.If you love pvp this is the one for sure!Much love Ripp
76561197980383022,Recommended,437220,23620210,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TheSygil,"This is a great free-for-all combat game. The recent poor reviews are really unfounded. Just because you don't like a game or aren't very good at it doesn't mean the game is bad. Most people complain because the developers try to do biweekly updates to the game. These updates, for the most part, are good for the game. It prevents the gameplay from getting stale by changing the mechanics of the game. These changes bring about different strategies. Then, when the developers review the feedback, it begets new changes. Some updates have been great, some not so much.I have a rule of thumb, and I'm stingy when it comes to spending money on games. The rule is, if I get 1 hour of fun per $1 spent, then I got a good deal. I paid $15 and I have almost 400 hours sunk in. I've gotten more than my money's worth and I'm still having fun.Now, this game has a positive/negative flow to it. If you're having a bad game, you die, and your suffering is immediately over. You take a breath, and requeue. I think this is great when I compare it to other games like CSGO and LoL, where if you're having a trashy game, you have to suffer through the entire match or suffer a penalty.The downside is that the game is still, technically, early access, so there's still a good bit of work to be done. One of the major drawbacks is a lack of a ranking system. So, you'll find seasoned veterans of the game like myself, LiBrizzi, Roons11, Icydeath, and a few others that just completely wreck newcommers to the game. It's very much a trial by fire, and can seem rather unfair to newer players. I mean, it IS unfair to new players.But, if you can push through the deaths, and just requeue, you stand to have a great time. This game rewards the tactical ""thinking"" player as well as the twitch players. I'm middle-aged, so my twitch days are over, but I can still hang with the young guys and win matches simply by making good decisions.You like to be sneaky, there's builds for that. You want to brawl and smash faces in with your fist, there's builds for that. You want to lurk like a black window spider, wait for someone to fall into your trap, then pounce, killing them outright with a single blow, there's builds for that. You want to do stupid crap, ignore the entire concept of fighting, and win matches without attacking anyone... there's actually builds for that.TL;DR - I think the recent poor reviews are from frustrated players. This is a great game. It's 1/4th the price tag of other A list titles (Like Rainbow Six Siege, which is plagued by hacks and cheaters) Spend a few dollars, work through the frustration of dying, and you'll have a lot of fun, as long as you're OK with a constantly evolving gameplay experience.TL;TL;DR - Ignore the salty reviews, this game is worth every penny and tons of fun."
76561198090471269,Not Recommended,437220,30349466,Posted: 5 March,all,Wutarmellun,This game worked a thousands times better the first day it came out compared to where it is now do not buy seriously
,Recommended,437220,23406109,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,aladin9999,All the bad reviews on here are just from people who suck and can't win a game. They often rage quit and then post on here or on reddit complaining about the game when really they just suck. The game is in early access and the patches are all necessary steps in creating a final product. Many people dont seem to understand that..All together its 10/10 for me
76561198024561713,Not Recommended,437220,22728742,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Costco Guac,"This game has HUGE potential to be great. But the flow and combat in this game is broken as ♥♥♥♥.The perk system in this game is incredibly redundant because as long as you have the better gear; you're always going to better hand your opponent; regardless of what perk you have.  I realize that this game is still in development, but the hit detection in this game is absolutely inexcusable -- (I bought this game after the combat update, but I've read from other reviews that this game ran flawless before the update was released.)In correalation with 13 fps and poor hit detection. This game is nearly unplayable. Until this game is remedied and patched. I'm not investing any more time into the game."
,Not Recommended,437220,24638066,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,blaeZ,"Prior to the crucial updates that changed the combat completely, this was a fun game that I would have recommended to everyone. However, now I advise you to steer clear of this game. There was a GIGANTIC drop in players after the most recent and terrible update in June and the playerbase had not recovered. Early on the wait time for matches was less than a minute, now its at least 4-5 minutes wait depending on game type.  Thats a huge change in player count. The devs have literally done nothing to this game besides release numerous patches that hurt the game each time."
,Recommended,437220,31662878,Posted: 10 May,all,twitch.tv/jaywiiz,"What possibly could i say about this flawless and stunning game?SURPRISE! I GUESS THERES ALOT FOR A GAME THIS MUCH OF A FAILURE! LETS GET ROOOOIIIGHTTTT INTO THE AIDDDSSSSS~SOoooooooBasically this game was simply amazing in alpha and/or first release. The game now makes me feel like im a spagoogi man. Everything about makes me feel confused sexually, physically and emotionally. I felt as if the excitement of the updates just made my dad look at me with intent, calling me a failure, theres really not much i could do, i mean i know i've disapointed my dad my whole life but him walking in on me playing whatever this ""thing"" is has just seemed to change my relationship with him.For example when i now wake up of a morning and go down stairs to the family table where everyone is enjoying their breakfast before school / work. As i sit down my smile instantly vanishes as my mum serves me my favourite spagoogi, ehggs and bhacon. Usually you would be thinking ""How could you be upset with this?"" its because the way its placed on the plate to reveal a heart breaking quote ""We wasted a chromosone creating you"".Moral of the story you ask? How could this game cause so much problems with my real life? that's easy. 2 words. ""Spagoogi Engine""p.s i want to die thankyou for your time :) 10/10 do recommend"
,Not Recommended,437220,30560549,Posted: 16 March,all,Xograph,"A prime example of having a good game, then running it into the ground.Perk systems was thrown out the window after having it for nearly the entire alpha, and replaced with perks that barely make any difference at all.Airdrop system got thrown out as well, instead of unique airdrops with specific themes and weapons, you have copypasted Tier 1-3 weapon type airdrops.Combat system went from rock-paper-scissors system with blocks shoves and attacks into a attack spam fest with no intuitive counterplay.Items being awarded at the end of matches turned into a level-based overwatch loot crate system, probably to get players to play longer for any customization at all.Player-base is low, either you get people who don't know what they're doing or people who played since the game first came out on alpha. Or you just get matchmaking for 20 minutes.Basically a pile of bones compared to the orginal alpha release, avoid this shovelware."
76561198139697823,Recommended,437220,30904751,Posted: 2 April,all,[HGN] E73KnightMaster,"its awsome, one of the best games i have evered played."
76561198107805925,Not Recommended,437220,22192962,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Crazy,"The game is really good and it would be really enjoyable, but the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!! I play on europe servers and when i get to a fight it takes 10 seconds for game to recognize that i clicked block or attack... my pc : i7 4790 16gb ram evga gtx 970 and internet 100/100, so its not on my side......."
,Recommended,437220,22812616,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Snow,The game is great! some people just like to complain about everything! get out of the house ffs
,Not Recommended,437220,23120117,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Greencactus23,i do not recommend buying this game at what the state of it is right now wait for it to be finished because of the fact that combat is always changing dont get me wrong it is fun but i dont like how every patch you have to adapt to a new type of push or combat system. if you decide to get it that is your choice but i would recommend waiting for it to be finished because chaning the combat system is kinda terrible
,Not Recommended,437220,23102551,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,αΩ JohnDoe,Last patch has ruined the game
76561198043943376,Not Recommended,437220,23117130,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,t. Alberto Barbosa,"In your average The Culling match, you'll start out completely unequiped, run around finding nothing usefull, get attacked and killed by people that couldn't kill you, but they do because apparently blocking desn't work for some and your consolation prize is clothing you can't wear on your current player avatar that you can put on the market where nobody will buy them.In conclusion: it's frustrating, repetative, unrewarding and gets boring quickly, just like my job. Unlike my job, I can't put it on a resume."
76561198094391666,Not Recommended,437220,26041917,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ッMoejoeッ,RIP DEAD GAME!
,Recommended,437220,31950362,Posted: 25 May,all,BigBoiiiii  CSGO500,The hunger games had a little brother...
,Recommended,437220,21698060,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kohai,"I'm going to bed after this round..round ends...-okay just one more round-before you know it, it's 6am and you have been playing for 11 hours.Extremely addictive game, you get a random drop in every round whether you win or lose. Buy this game. Buy it now."
76561198063479430,Not Recommended,437220,23227948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,gramadave,"6/13 took a break. came back. still sucks...6/3... the lack of regulation and anticheat is ruining this game as much or more than the updates/downgrades...6/2 Edit: Edit: Another Culling update... another gameplay DOWNGRADE... This game is like crack... I keep coming back for more even though I know it's horrible... I need to do like all my friends who have this game AND DELETE IT... AND THEN CHECK  INTO REHAB... This is like a kick to the testes... Thanks for being like my mother Xaviant and getting my hopes up for nothing... Take a couple of fistfuls of the money you've made and HIRE A TEAM WHO CAN ACTUALLY IMPROVE THE GAME...Edit: I spent over an hour today waiting to get into trials and FFA matches only to be sent back to the lobby... This game concept awesome... please focus on fixing combat and net code before worrying about tweaking small details. Big picture then small details.So far...This is a waste of time and money.Game isn't broken, it just doesn't work. Every update it seems to get further and further from being what I would think it's meant to: a game that requires skill and cunning. Seems to be more about luck, ping, and button spamming.Don't expect a game that you can get better at.Buy if you like waiting in line for 3 to 5 minutes to get booted, game crashes, no anticheat, broken combat, exploits, and wasting your time.Other than all that... ITS GREAT"
76561198127457720,Not Recommended,437220,28088243,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Braygill,The perks have been reduced by atleast half. There's no speed perks. This game had so much potential. One of the worst devs teams I've ever experienced.
76561198092619070,Recommended,437220,21653021,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Serpensortya,Katniss Everdeen simulator.
76561198139377072,Not Recommended,437220,23477323,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Prof. Jawwad Noor,"Literally loved this game before the most recent fixes, never write reviews, but the horrible nerf of everything fun in this game ABSOLUTELY RUINED IT. Seriously devs, listen to the community. Saying what everyone has said already DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. Im so sad such a great game to play has been ruined. q.q"
,Not Recommended,437220,22718734,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Total Coaster,Waiting for the update that says ''better optimization''
,Recommended,437220,23411758,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hard Man,"Actually a good game, don't really get how the reviews for it are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥. There are a few tweaks that happen but they aren't game breaking. Rage inducing tho.R.I.P. my ♥♥♥♥♥ Harambe"
76561198050546921,Not Recommended,437220,23426458,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dont Kill Me,"This game is a waste. Wait until they fix the combat, and add more craftable materials. This is basically how every game goes.FFA:Start outGet your dominate weapon (spear, knife, bow)Fight someoneGet shovedGet shovedGet shovedDieTeam Mode:Start outGet your weaponLoot buildingsTeam Mate dies, or team mate doesnt know what hes doingBe last man left2v1DieIts not fun when the combat is literally rock paper scissors. Otherwise its just a waste of time if you camp out and wait to be the last person left to die. There is minimal crafting materials, and you get most your stuff from air drops and crates. You cant craft a tier 2 spear, or craft anything good really. They need to add more crafting materials, and another map. After a while, you get very bored of the same map over and over again. Doing the same thing over and over again. Its very repetitive. I say wait until next year until this game is officially out (which I doubt it will be). Just like every other game on Steam, this game is in Early Access, meaning it wont come out of it 90% of the time. Avoid this game for now. 4/10 is my rating."
,Recommended,437220,23863679,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,13altimore,"Adrenaline shakes everytime I lose, adrenaline shakes everytime I win.10/10 will shake again"
,Not Recommended,437220,25646564,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kilroy,"Really.. really bad game.. was great when they first came out with it, but since then they've just destroyed the game.. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE."
,Not Recommended,437220,28801137,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Magic ways, my friends!","In short,Sometimes I view my screenshots of when this game first came out.What a GLORIOUS battle royale it was, to where it TRULY reminded me of the book ""The hunger games"", Your playstyle and choices, were your own.Then they took out that you could freely move. Forcing you in an arena, making player combat spectating impossible, Making teaming without microphones (hard as it is) impossible.Now I wasnt a fan of being forced to play a game the way I imagined and wanted to play it (even though I didnt solo team very often, and fought and defeated many back in the days);Then they literally broke blocking and shoving. Giving it an awkward feel. Where they already ♥♥♥♥ed up the game for me, they now made it unplayable.Now fast forward time a bit more. Haven't touched it, play it from scratch? They changed all the rewards; everything is now a lot more pricier making it impossible for new players (and old players) to attain some sort of standing in the game, whilst others manage to get a lvl 4 spear in the first 30 seconds to 6 minutes (Legit and unlegit).This game had promise, REAL PROMISE. but the developers giving in to the whiners and breaking their own game mechanics truly nailed the coffin.As predicted, as foretold. It would create its own demise.Wouldnt recommend buying."
,Recommended,437220,21653068,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,-BMF-,"So far im extremly impressed with The Culling, considering its early access the game is more feature complete then alot of fully released games. The combat is skill based and is easy to learn but hard to master which leaves room to improve on your play style. There is alot of skills which make creating a playstyle for yourself a fun experiance. The game runs very well and looks quite good, all in all I would highly recomend this game to players who enjoy a battle royal type experiance!"
,Not Recommended,437220,31409730,Posted: 27 April,all,Wolfie,dear other games devs this is how you ruin a game. had the best game on steam and backed by twitch streamers. now no one will go near it.
,Not Recommended,437220,24321985,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,sanemurzu,"Poor combat and poor performance. It has potential, but currently not worth to buy."
,Recommended,437220,21691388,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Uncle Benjen,"Good, but remove the guns plzzzzzz"
,Not Recommended,437220,24569322,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ṪḩḕĴṹḏḡḕ,"this game started off with a great idea. it's just to bad there is hackers and the lag and optimization is a problem. not to mention some of the bugs i got while fighting and crafting items.. it pushed me away after 8 hours. I wouldn't recommend this game until it is potentially finished. I think 16 bucks is a good price though you can't go wrong for that price, the gameplay is good as far as the variety of weapons, character customization, custom perks for each class. I also want to point out the game queue goes quite quick"
,Not Recommended,437220,31151542,Posted: 15 April,all,Sweeler,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░░The culling░▐▄▄▄▀░░░
76561198127530520,Not Recommended,437220,23443047,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MIM94,"The game has a great idea. But it is let down by long wait times, frequent disconnects. Limiting 2 friends to join a team match (why can't 3 or 4 or 5 join the same match, but split them up). Game has frozen the whole PC many times (for me and friends), Terrible frame rates.Maybe if the game comes further along it may be worth looking at but at the moment it is only good for a private matches with friends, if you all can stay connected."
,Recommended,437220,21629160,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The First Sponge,"Heard footsteps, hid in a shack, beat a guys face in with a crowbar.10/10 - IGN would play again"
,Not Recommended,437220,23495510,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dokie,this game is the worst after update
76561198018887757,Not Recommended,437220,23129247,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,STG Faggot,"Game was great at the time i started playing (about mid march) but with each update it gets progressively more frustrating. The func system is ruined entirely and combat is nothing short of an inner-city high school fight where two kids just shove each other and throw the occassional punch save for the occassional white kid school fight where one opponent has a gun, in such a case the game is over."
76561198020665288,Not Recommended,437220,24358407,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ZigZagKill,"Great game concept. Slow execution. it IS EARLY ACCESS. And as of right now, the last time I played, the horrible horrible horrible ping is what i fought against mostly. The server directory for the West Coast was shut down the last I heard. So the closest one is on the East Coast ( US ). So with that said, alot of West Coast epople have already dropped the game. As they were constantly pushing ( mashing ) the same buttons as there east coast and over seas counter parts, and nothing was connecting except for the enemies hits. The push-push-charge attack was kinda out dated, but they have been working on that. IT IS EARLY ACCESS. This game and another have forcibly taught me to NOT buy into Early access anymore. The process of making a game takes too long. And the reason why this was early access is because the devs know popularity makes money. And at the time or inception of this, H1Z1 and other battle Royale types were the most ( and still ) are popular. However I have also witnessed a large population recede to Overwatch and the likes of the arena games. There isn't a whole lot to the game, and in the beginning there was only one rifle ( radio gun that makes you a walking loud noise beacon). But i see a pistol and another rifle in the NEW screen shots. This was something that they ( the devs ) renounced at the beginning, but seeing as the game is losing ground, I think they are adding in what they said they wouldn't. they need mroe maps too. As of the last time i played they had one, only one map.I would beg to say, WAIT FOR RELEASE to purchase. the player base fluctuates.And it is seemingly fanboy based now. Which doens't help it at all to gain for people."
76561198009722620,Recommended,437220,25370673,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Captain Obvious,"UPDATE: It's dead.  Don't bother.(OUTDATED PENDING UPDATE)Cool game, mostly balanced at the moment.  50 hours in the game and the skill difference between people with 500+ hours isn't noticeable for me.  Once you have the melee combat down pat and understand it, you just gotta get inside your opponents head and keep situational awareness to win the fight.A lot of bad reviews come from people with salt pouring out of their ears.  I've seen at least 5 reviews change from negative to positive after the salt stopped pouring and they realized they just got out played and it wasn't the games fault, then they go right back to playing.Updating:  Good for new players at the moment.  For me the new block changes I just can't get behind as well as the random mode match making with no choices.  I won't personally be playing for awhile but I would recommend new players to jump on board.  The culling is in a good place right now."
76561198069412239,Not Recommended,437220,24530594,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Destis,"this game is honestly garbage, everyone has mastered combat already so you will die almost everytime you encounter anyoneblockshoveattacke twiceblockshoverepeatgarbage combat"
76561198044782697,Not Recommended,437220,23444115,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,THEDOCTORx,"First let me start by saying I am 20 years old and until this day I've never written a single review to anything. But I feel obligated to warn people of what they are about to waste their money on. DONT BUY IT. Atleast not for the moment. I've played this game since day 1 release and LOVED IT LIKE MY FIRST BORN CHILD. The combat was AMAZING, truely like nothing i had previously played. All of the methods of killing the other islanders was unique and entertaining to say the least. I truely thought i would never bore of this game and i still havent over 200+ hours later of play time.BUT they have made my once true love into nothing, nothing like it once was. The first few updates were acceptable. Some func balancing they nerfed the chainsaw into a usless piece of hardware that will just get you killed if you attempt to use it.( understandable it was way to OP). But when you are messing with the core values of the game that didn't need tweaking in the first place WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MORE OBVIOUSE PROBLEMS it makes me and the rest of the community upset when you should learn TO JUST STAHP and look at your actions. You continue to tweak the combat and func cost ( when they where already near perfect) when you should be first trying to fix your poor optimaztion attempts, the fact that i have to linger around the same station for an extra 5 mins waiting for the loot to spawn in the lockers that i opened damn near 15 mins ago, the slow mechanics, the fact that that you can be trapped in a trap for like 1 whole min, your terrible attempts to balacne the tazer, other wapons and ALL THE PERKS. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU KILLED THE PERKS. You need to fire whoever you have incharge of the balancing of your game and have him publicly shamed for his crimes and then fall on your knees and beg someone from blizzard to come balance your game for you, because they know how to balance ex: overwatch. Im done playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i could go on for an hour about the rest of the problems you created for this game. AT THE VERY LEAST you could create a game mode that was the original ""The Culling"" post chainsaw update for all the Culling veterans who still want to play this game and get their moneys worth out of it. Becasue honestly at this point I would get a refund if possible. Ill check back in a year to see if you've gotten your act together and made this game playable again."
76561197978182908,Recommended,437220,24772244,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Apathy Incarnate,"I honestly don't understand all the hate this game is getting in the recent reviews (as of August 2016). I was incredibly conflicted because of those reviews, as all the youtube gameplay of the game looked great. In the end I sucked it up and bought the game anyway, and I'm just kinda confused now.This game is excellent.Maybe it's the part of the world I live in (west coast), but I've found no issues with in-game lag vis a vis blocking and whatnot. Once or twice I've found myself blocking and I've still been damaged, but I was also looking far away from my opponent at the time, and I feel like that was probably the source of my issue.In fact, I think user error is the source of most issues people have with this game. People complaining about the ""rock paper scissors"" aspect of combat are just dull and unimaginative people. When a game provides you with a ""simple"" system, and happens to be competitive, the system is about as simple as your opponent makes it. Walk up your opponent and he's blocking, so you shove. Walk up to your opponent and he's standing there, so you swing. Except, what if you walk up to a blocking guy and shove, and he drops it at the last second to take a swing at you with his axe? Staggering from his hit, you reflexively block, and realize that he was expecting that, and he shoves you and hits you for another one. Now you're down to half HP, and you gotta make a choice. If you're dull and unimaginative, you may just stick it out, swing a few more times, telegraph your attacks, get read, and get killed. Or, you may survive. You might take the calculated risk and throw that extra backpack you were carrying around to turn in for resources at your opponent (after all, what use are resources if you're dead?). While he's temporarily stunned, you might dart behind a tree, take one of your sprinting drugs, and run for the ♥♥♥♥ing hills. Lose him in the trees, get yourself healed up with some imprompteu bandages, and hope somebody else kills him while you hunt for someone you're more equipped to handle.You need to play smart, and you need to play mind games if you want to survive. It's very intense, faking out and reading the behaviour of other players to find out what will work best. It makes each enemy a unique challenge that you have to take down, one after another.And, since the update reinforcing that pre-mediated teams is against the rules, and a bannable offence, most conflicts do end up being a series of intense 1-on-1 battles, rarely with any breathing room between them.If you want a battle royale that isn't buggy (oh my god, I dropped my weapon on the ground in an Early Acess game and itdidn'tdisappear through the floor?? WHAT IS THIS MAGIC) with intense combat and an opportunity for truly devious play, you won't be disappointed."
76561198289791860,Not Recommended,437220,23236536,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,eladoni1,"Wow.. this game I once knew was awesome. So simple and easy to controll and 2 or 3 updates later .. bamm!I really dont like this game any more. Cant get a single kill with this new weapon system. what I mean by that is its sooo laggy right now. the block, the push and melee just too much right now. It was Ok before although it had some lags here and there.. but right now I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ before I could win 3 or 4 games in a row, now I can't even get 1 ! Ha! what couple of updates can do to a game. for me ? this game aint fun as it was couple of months ago.And it seems ,to me at least, that everyone is reacting too quickly in game .. its like they read my minds when I try to change patterns either block push or melee..Going back to CSGO i guess : /"
,Not Recommended,437220,24585798,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,tEo iS a liBtArd hellcase.com,Pros:Good IdeaGraphics are decentLots Of Weapons/ItemsCons:Poor Execution of a Good IdeaTerrible Combat SystemOne MapNo Team Voice ChatWait Times are HorribleThis game is♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to wait around 6 minutes for you (Depends what region) to join a game then when you start joining the game you probably play that game for around 4 minutes because of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat system which makes absolutely no sense also if you play teams mode you probably will hurt your teammate more than the enemies.So to sum it up don't buy this game unless this crappy combat system gets fixed and they somehow fix joining time also one last thing they should add/fix is teammate damage you shouldn't be able to hurt your teammateThanks For Your Time By Reading My Review :)P.S. This took me over a half an hour to make :)P.P.S This Review was made 7/28/16
,Not Recommended,437220,21909278,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Psyggie,"Fix the ping and the random crashes on spawn.Edit1: Was attacking someone who tried to chainsaw me, hit him 3 times while he had 5 hp left, he kills me with a chainsaw and then dies(the kill was credited to me).Edit2: Just threw a dynamite, it stayed in my hand, blew up, but it stayed in my inventory. Cant switch to any weapon or throw it away. Died to a random noob cos of that.Edit3: An ""awesome"" update came. Chemist perk sucks now, Leg Day and any movement speed perk sucks now. No crosshair anymore. Good thing explosives and guns are still imbalanced and chainsaw is still useless.Edit4: Another update came, wont even bother describing it, it just made everything even ♥♥♥♥♥ier."
76561197996240140,Not Recommended,437220,23233875,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,El Patrón,The game was great before the latest patch. I can't recommend this game right now before the newest patch yes but not now with all new problems the game has to offer. After the newest patch I have faced some serious teaming in ffa and the need of F.U.N.C is too damn high.50 F.U.N.C IS ENOUGH !!!!
,Not Recommended,437220,21806099,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Artorius Maximus,"I love what this game is going for and trying to be but cannot recommend it at this time because it's just way too janky and buggy.  The melee combat - a core mechanic in this game - feels stiff, choppy, and inaccurate - and this is coming from someone with hundreds of hours playing Chivalry.  The game is poorly optimized, stutters frequently, and has graphical problems abound.  I cannot even put this game into fullscreen or it flips out and my monitor starts flickering.I had some very satisfying moments in this game, and the immersion with a pair of surround sound headphones is great.  I also really appreciate a survival type game that doesn't have motherf*cking zombies in it.  The vast majority of my time however was spent feeling frustrated with the controls and stuttering problems.  I only didn't refund this game in hopes that the developers can fix these netcode and graphics optimization problems and improve the controls when they actually finish this game.UPDATE:  I wanted to edit my review as I have continued to play anyways because I have friends who foolishly bought this game too early also.  I would like to give this game TWO thumbs down at this time instead of just one, there seem to be some serious shenanigans with hackers and exploiters right now on top of its other problems.  I lose every game to players who have tier 4 weapons and guns waaaayyy to early in the match to have acquired them legitimately.  Sometimes you get lucky with good finds early on, but this is happening far too consistently to attribute it to mere luck.  This game has cheaters.The devs for this game should be ashamed and embarrassed to charge this much for such a clearly unfinished product.  Of course they aren't actually, they are laughing all the way to the bank.  I hope they don't flake out and evaporate like some developers do with early access titles on Steam and actually make this game good.  The concept is still great which I think is what truly is driving the interest and excitement for this game, because it's definitely not the actual gameplay that's doing it."
76561198156407477,Not Recommended,437220,21797109,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Davyxdavez,"I had the gamerefunded:0Would not recomend at current state, it really does have a good concept,just the combat felt clunky, and running felt laggy,  it is a early access game tho, it could get better.I  will rebuy the game when it isfinishedand then update my review."
76561198170601277,Not Recommended,437220,28537841,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cucumber,"Ever since the new update came out, the game sucks. I already hated the aggresive update but when this came out i was very disappointed. It no longer takes skill to kill anyone. It used to be fun but Im not playing it anymore until it gets fixed."
76561198043370335,Not Recommended,437220,21929606,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Agustín;,"The game in itself has a good concept: the crafting is fun, the tension is always there and the combat system is intense. Too bad its poorly executed because they have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and the game is poorly optimized. Maybe if they add servers so everyone can play with the same ping i'll rewrite a review, but if you engage combat (the main aspect of the game) with 150+ ping versus someone with 50~80 there is simply no way you can win."
76561198182235042,Not Recommended,437220,23103993,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ze Detective,Was a great game at launch and then they keep releasing patches that ruin it. Used to play with one of my friends and we try out every patch and it gets worse and worse. But people say its getting better and better and those people give me cancer.
,Recommended,437220,21859007,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kastanie,He tazedI tazedHe tazedI tazedHe tazedI tazed*both grabbed second tazer*He tazedI tazedHe tazedI tazedHe tazedI tazed10/10 would taze again
,Recommended,437220,22934381,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dooty,"I have to edit my review because they've updated the game alot since my original review, this game is really fun now and in my opinion, better that H1Z1 (Big Claim, I know) I have not gotten and problems with the hit registration so far in this game. I have not gotten any problem when it comes to any type of contact with other players, yet. This game does a really good job at making every fight seem like it's the last, each time I fight an apponent, my heart has started racing, and the feeling of finally killing someone is amazing. (Just realised out of context I sound insane) The only downsides that I see to this game is 1: The waiting time (up to 5 minutes sometimes)and 2: and the ADS (Aim Down Sights) I can run this game with 90+ FPS, but as soon as I ADS it drops to about 10 FPS then back up to 90+ when I stop ADS-ing, probably a fixable problem. So YES! I do suggest this game, but I do warn you, it's better with friends you can speak to because this game does NOT have VOIP (Voice over IP) but at least there's a chat."
,Recommended,437220,22358104,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,[mad.] CATmanG,"Cat N Mouse /MEETS/ Rust /MEETS/ Hunger Games /MEETS/ The Running Man (minus Arnie)Be great to see where this titel goes, worth the 16 bucks :D"
76561198000306968,Recommended,437220,21633964,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Baeka,Great great great great great great.
76561198072583895,Recommended,437220,23285828,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,This game is freaking awesome. Even though right now its pretty patch to patch when it comes to combat it is still in early access. There is so much to learn and master in this game at its hard. Like itll kick your♥♥♥♥♥hard. But its so rewarding when it pays out
,Recommended,437220,22764318,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shugimi,intense
,Recommended,437220,22694954,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Anita Kanita?,Fixed the fps problems. nice game!
76561198271836757,Recommended,437220,22104883,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,phoenixhunter4,Very fun game to play with freinds and realistic fighting overall i would rate 10/10
,Recommended,437220,21706215,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lucynator.,"OK! I played this game only 3h, yesterday on stream. And in just one game i became addicted. It's so addictive to try it again and again, and combinate what will you do in next game and what mistake you made in last one. However I cant wait to join again!!I think makers didnt even think this game will have so many positive reviews and i hope that will make them to upgrade few things, like at least 1 more map, female character, maybe more things in world!Yeah, and btw, you need to play this game with really good friend so you can make proper combination with him, some randome guy will not understand your brain or way of thinking and then you will die.. alone.. because he is exploring 500m away from you :'D"
76561198034664759,Recommended,437220,21702128,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TheCredibleHulk,"Pros:-Lots of gems in the crafting system that, surprisingly, not a lot of people utilize.-Tons of Perks to chose from and since you can only have 3 you're hard pressed to find any similar people.-Big jungle to hide and p*ss yourself in if your into that playstyle.-Again, due to the Perk system there are a LOT of roles to fill: Trap Expert, Melee Master, Crack Shot Sniper, Ninja....-Guns and ammo for them is hard to come buy, you'll understand why thats a good thing if you're as ""good"" at this game as I am.-No matter how hopeless a match seems to be, you always have a surprisingly good chance to pull some BS clutch maneuver out of your armpit and win a game. Ex: I was forced into melee combat against a team of two by myself. Killed one guy and took his blow gun. Started sword-fighting with the other guy until he took enough damage to warrant backing up and he started shooting me with his blowgun. The one I got from his dead partner only had one shot left, so I shot him with it then threw it at him hitting him in the sternum. As he stood there vomitting from the poison, I noticed his dead partner also had a compound bow and that I only had 1HP left thanks to the duel earlier. When he stopped puking he started shooting again, but I kept strafing and dodging his darts. I fired two, very panicked, hip-fired arrows at him. Both made contact. He died. I WON!Cons:-If you don't know what your doing or if you just get a huge string of bad luck, you'll end up unprepared for the final fight.-If an opponent knows what they're doing or has a huge string of good luck, they'll show up to the final fight with a gun.-One of the current bugs is sometimes you can't swing your weapon or block incoming attacks. Although if you're me, none of that matters as long as your legs still work. RUN THE HECK OUTTA THERE!-The game's melee system is similar to that of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Although, it doesn't work as well (yet) and occasionally causes some frustrating melee battles, probably due to all the animations not being done.-Occasionaly there are game-ruining bugs: Five minutes left in a team game and I ran into an invisible player with a gun. Naturally, being a gamer, I suspected hacks, but after I was killed my partner said he could see the guy who killed me just fine.10/10: Would fight the Hollow Man again."
76561198182530989,Recommended,437220,21869442,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Furrballs,They tried to purge me Morty!!
76561197980065173,Recommended,437220,21672395,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ex Oblivione,"GAME IS FANTASTIC!DEVS - DONT YOU EVER ADD PAY 2 WIN MECHANICS!This game has ridiculous potentialwith balancing, more crafting variety it will be kickassJust knock out 3D Voice"
,Recommended,437220,21701961,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Wicked Dreamz,"Had a recurve bow with a buddy, we seen two enemieswe rushed them, they retreated on the bridge, I shot the bridge and they fell to close deathShot one in guy in the heart, now hes deadbuddy rushes his partner and slashes his hearts into pieces.10/10 ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING."
,Recommended,437220,21763510,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LemonLoafer,"Let's cut to the chase: The Culling is the game I've been waiting for ever since I first watched Battle Royale on a grainy VHS tape some 15 years ago. It is the final word in arena deathmatch games because it's built from the ground up, not some tacked on mod of another game. The map is fantastic, the weapons and crafting system are great and not overly complicated, and it runs extremely well for an early access game. In fact, I forgot I was even playing something still in early access. If you've wanted a BR/Hunger Games simulator that's not just a mod shoved into another game then this is the ultimate. It's darkly funny, brutally violent and an extremely good time. Unless something goes drastically wrong in development then pick this up whenever because it's worth it."
76561198144090379,Recommended,437220,21645438,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Strint,"Shouldn't write a review for a early access game but i'm HOOKED, game is wicked fun for a early access realease. Only problem i have is when i push someone they don't get pushed or when i block they can still hit me, rarely happens but every hit counts in this game!"
,Recommended,437220,21635679,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bowpie,The Culling is a one of a kind game that takes aspects from a variety of genres. THe quality of this game is quite a sight to see. The variety of weapons at your disposal either crafted or found is vast.  Although I have not played much at this time (Nearly 4 hours) I plan to continue to watch as this game adapts and changes for the better. My only wish is that the developers continue in updating this game.
,Recommended,437220,21637197,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Enjokala,"People get a game 4 days earlier and they cry about servers...What do you expect? I play from EU with 56ms, whats wrong with that? There is no reason to make a negative review for that!And ofc it lags on day 1, its a new game everyone wants to play!The game is great, buy it, play it, love it!"
,Recommended,437220,21634512,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Pnew,is good but...... is good
,Recommended,437220,21643189,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,tea,"It's King of the Kill slimmed down to 20 minute games, The combat system is sick too."
76561197995222493,Recommended,437220,21653340,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[AKn] Tenva,A lot of fun. All the enjoyable bits of the survival genre condensed down into a frantic 25 minute experience.
,Recommended,437220,21677671,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,steazzy,"if you're thinking about getting this or h1z1, get this. a lot better."
76561198120977694,Recommended,437220,21783484,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,empulent,"I very fun fun survival game in which you have to gather materials in order to gain stronger weapons, traps and armour to kill of oppents. There is a well balanced perk system and very few glitches for the alpha state it is in. One issue at the moment is packages glitching to drop the cost to zero func and not be able to obtain an air drop that game. The only balancing issue in the game is with the guns which seem to defeat the purpose of the well crafted spear, knife and bow fighting."
,Recommended,437220,21675913,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,antie97,It is as if Rust had a Battle Royale game mode.
,Recommended,437220,21696859,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SmashTeen,I ran over to a guy and pushed him off of a cliff and won the game. GG
,Recommended,437220,21669411,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Aretow,"Writing this on 3/6/16 the game just came out in early access and it is totally worth the $13 price tag.Combat is dope and actually pretty intricate. You can block, push and attack. Your attack can be charged and hitting a block causes you to stagger. Pushing someone with their block up will cause them to stagger. The game also includes bows , blowguns that mess up your vision and cause you to throw up. Also there are tasers and pepper spray that blind/stun you. On top of those you have traps, gernades and also guns that make the combat extremely fun.Crafting is easy to understand and runs on FUNC which is basically the currency in game you can get from finding dead body parts, FUNC containers, dealing damage and other general actions.Pacing in this game is great, no game should last longer than a half hour and the game uses many ways to bring players together whether it be posionus gas or tempting air drops you will always find combat not far away.The game already has many perks and weapons and is totally worth the price 9/10"
76561198038536260,Recommended,437220,21640802,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Zolombo,"Basically it's Hunger Games the Game.You start in a box in random location on the map and trying to be the only one who survives to the end by any means necessary.You earn FUNC - local currency for doing stuff like loot human remains, killing players and release poison gas. You use said currency to open boxes, craft: armor, weapons, traps and bandages as well as calling an airdrop.Lay traps, use poison darts and range weapons and if battle goes badly - throw smoke bomb and run like a coward.I've tried to play other survival games but they never seemed to have this feeling of actual survival - using all you can for your advantage, clutch 1 on 1 battles which often comes down to throwing all you have in your pockets at the enemy as last resort.For now game have only two modes - Solo and Teams of 2 on NA servers. And only one Map.Game have some cosmetic rewards and more airdrops options unlocks as you find them in the game.Matches lasts about 15-20 mins.Even in its early stage game is good and looks promising. But it's still alpha so bugs, crashes and technical problems are real."
,Recommended,437220,21629729,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dysbro,"Pretty accurate Hunger Games Simulator, with lots of ways to customize your own play style.You can choose between a wide variety of perks. You wanna focus on sneaky melee combat ? No problem, you can for example focus on blades and use perks for them, just like ""40% backstab damage with a blade"" or ""Run 10% faster with a blade"", thats basically how perks work. Then you can also choose your own personal Airdrop, which you can call in, when you gathered enough ""F.U.N.C"", which is the ingame currency, that you get when killing other contestants or loot places. I like to use the ""Ninja Airdrop"", which contains a Katana and some smoke bombs. This crate fits my stealthy play style and the perks, I listed up there.The Map is a jungle, with a small arena in the center of the map, which will be the place, where the showdown will take place, after 20 minutes, when the gas spread so much, that people have to gather in that small arena to fight till death, in a fckn intense fight ( I know what I'm talking about, lel ) .But before this takes place you will spawn in a little capsule somewhere on the map and you have to collect loot, fight other players, try to survive the attacks of other players, try to call in your airdrop without letting any other person steal it from you, basically just -Kill or get killed.And believe me, killing is fun in this game, since the fight system is challening and no simple button mashing. You can attack, charge attacks, block and push to break the blocking of your enemy.It could turn out to be one of the next big e-sports games maybe. I mean even the developers of the game said, they have the goal to produce the very first Hunger Games e-sports game out there, which I think they will accomplish, because this game in its state right now is propably better then any other pvp focused early access game out there!Kudos to you devs! 👍"
,Recommended,437220,21721275,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,LazyPoet,"It's like Hunger games, the game.Great to play with friends.Only a slight learning curve of basic hand to hand combat.I will probably play alot more as they add to the game!Final result 9/10"
76561198095187782,Recommended,437220,21696545,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Manimal II,Trump approves!
,Recommended,437220,21853736,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,jessescooler,"This game is fun, and challenging. I wish it offered third person viewing, or atleast better chances at getting a gun."
,Recommended,437220,21810418,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ChristopherBrandman,Best survivalgame/hungergames game ive played! buy :D
,Recommended,437220,21685693,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Fāters,Playing from IrelandTotally playableHaven't noticed any serious bugs in 2 hour gameplayPlayed with my teammateAlso didn't notice any lag while fighting enemiesCon: Not enough gore!
,Recommended,437220,21642058,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Muzda,"This game has a lot of potential, and I really enjoy it so far.I just wish the maps was a bit bigger, and had more content - With more players aswell.8/10"
,Recommended,437220,21773520,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ZombieIvan,"Hunger games,Battle royal whatever you call it this game does what it advertise. Play solo or with a buddy, your ganna have a good time. Lots of perks to make specific builds to fit your playstyle. 9/10 will play again."
,Recommended,437220,22263375,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,a12cat34dog,"I really like this game, but i feel there are lots of try hards, so try to practice before u join a game, otherwise you will break your monitor... But other than that, its great!"
76561198069719136,Recommended,437220,21928745,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Connor,"Great game!I previously had this game on my older laptop, and it did not run.My new laptop came in early this week and I am happy to say the game run's like a charm, on my LAPTOP!I did have to have a fiddle in the settings to sort a few things out but I am happy to say the game runs and works perfectly.Would definitely recommend!"
76561198103374939,Recommended,437220,22947097,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,traceur2k,"Would be my favourite game if they nerf the pushing, the old mechanic on launch was great, now everytime you fight there's pretty much no point in blocking.   If they nerf the pushing or atleast fix the fighting mechanics so it's fair then i'd highly recommend the culling, until then i'd give it a miss."
,Not Recommended,437220,22740606,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Caruban,"Buy this game if you're thinking about it, but be prepared to refund it. You'll know if you want a refund within the first 2 hours of playtime. Only took me 30 minutes. It's hard to leave a positive review for a game that isn't even playable in it's current state for many people. I play a lot of early access games, and I understand there are kinks to iron out, but this is just ridiculous. Even on the lowest settings I still lag very badly and only pull 20 fps. And the game looks like absolute garbage on those settings, to the point of causing eyestrain."
76561198008588835,Recommended,437220,22919164,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,knowlegist,"Since the last patch, the game is really smooth, especially for a Early acces. I have a lot of fun playing with friends and the idea is just brilliant. I really recomand it."
76561198065208305,Recommended,437220,22043533,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DovahSpy,"Fantastic game, requires some optimization though, on an Asus G53SX i get about 11-14 frames in the center during phase 1. Yes, i did turn down the settings. The only problem is the poor optimization, everything else is extremely balanced and well executed. YOU CAN LITERALLY THROW EVERYTHING AT YOUR OPPONENTS!"
,Recommended,437220,22746233,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Splatbob1,"Its basicly the Hunger Games, the game.And for those who say its just button smashing, well, I'LL SMASH THEIR SKULL IN WITH A SLEDGE HAMERso... yeah...its a good game"
,Recommended,437220,22747291,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IrishSpuds,"I am having a blast. Yes, the meta of combat is changing patch to patch as the devs try to work out a good balance and sometimes it doesn't work out all that great. Also my FPS dropped from above 60 to about 50 this last patch. Those are my only complaints which I have faith will be fixed before official release. It's currently Early Access and you should know what you are getting yourself into.I keep finding different builds that I enjoy. From trapper to alarm gun troll, and F.U.N.C. Collector to Gunslinger, I am really enjoying finding new ways to play."
76561198134100686,Recommended,437220,22750827,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ethan bradberry,"I bought this game for me and my friend by selling my m4 asiimov, and was worth every ounce of f.u.n.c we harnessed. 15 minutes in and i gassed everyone from the center, while quivering in the corner with nothing but a wooden bow and an axe.   I peeked my head out for enemy patrols, and my head was nearly taken off by an arrow. I ran, but was inevitably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the opposition. 10/10 would culling again"
,Recommended,437220,22751461,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,C7 | Presto.exe,"This game is amazing, similar to hungar games its a free for all bloodbath, its smooth gameplay, and for the pricepoint of 13-15$ this is a perfect buy."
,Recommended,437220,22751810,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IcarusDaedalus,"The idea behind the game is brilliant and probably the best battle royale I have ever seen. However, the combat system is pretty horriffic. The best way I would describe it is like you're trying to kill someone with a plastic knife - sure it can be done but not easily.  As for the ranged combat you can find a recurve/compound bow reasonably easy, but the arrows might as well be made from aluminium foil. If any DEVS are reading this please fix these issues. But for anybody wondering about downloading - yeah it's worth a play. Unfortunatley, as with all Alphas it's a matter of time before things get fixed."
,Recommended,437220,22682329,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,n_three,"This game truly feels like a Hunger Games simulator. Finding materials and crafting weapons/armour/items and a little luck is what makes each match unique and fun!The developers have done a good job so far keeping in touch with the community in terms of balance issues, optimazation problems, and since this is very early early access stage, I can't wait to see they will add in the future.I personally love this way more than H1Z1 battle royal crap anyday."
76561198275007077,Recommended,437220,22457163,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Blazed Echo,Great game but the latest patch made combat a little too impossible.
,Not Recommended,437220,22705696,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MaLLabeN,I really like this kinda game but I'm at Asia. So please do another server for SE Asia 'cause my ping for the europe region is 300++. Thank you for your concern.
76561198054585747,Recommended,437220,22715676,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Salty_gamer,"I don't usually write reviews for games, but the Culling definitely deserves one. It is, in my opinion, a very enjoyable experience. I have spent a good amount of time playing both solo, and with friends. The reasons this game is so enjoyable are as follows: It's a very intense survival simulator very similar to ""The hunger games"". You have one life, and only one. If you die, the match is over. There is no respawning, no new enemy spawns, just.. death. The last man standing type games are my personal favorites. That aside, the main reason that this game is one of my favorites, is that no one player has a better start than the other. Someone who has just started playing the game has the same chance of victory as a seasoned Culler. Everybody starts the game with three perks (That everyone has access to) and nothing else except your bare hands. The game is 100% about the skill of the individual player. And that makes the game great. I hope this review made some kind of a difference in whether or not you purchase the game~"
,Recommended,437220,22030872,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,UJustGotNicoled,"Awesome game. If you like H1Z1 Battle Royale, prepare to be converted!NO micro-transactions!NO in-game purchases!NO game-breaking Pay2Win garbage!PROS:Well-balanced gameplay, items and matchmaking (Solo or 2v2)Quick and easy to join a game (about 2 minutes in queue)Random encounters makes targeted areas more intense.Thrilling Combat - satisfying feeling of joy after each successful kill.No server crashes or any other network related issues thus far.A very well-polished and enjoyable Battle Royale / Hunger Games type game.Reward after each game: one piece of body customization (head, body, legs..).Graphics, controls, environment and atmosphere similar to ARK: Survival Evolved.Humor, speaker and future technology similar to Borderlands.No butt-hurt comments - the game is blessed with NOT having a chat.Game vary from 2 to 25 minutes (Depends on your gameplay style and encounters)....and the BEST part (Daybreak, take notes) The devs have a PUBLIC Development Roadmap on Trello, showing current projects and priorities. Transparent development is a blessing for the gaming community.CONS:- Need graphical optimization. Has FPS lock at 62fps.- Only 3 pre-defined male customization options for character face. None for body (yet)- FPS drops when inside certain buildings. Outside 60+, inside 35-50.10/10 Would inject orange juice again.Friendly reminder:Play the basic AND advanced tutorial before you jump in."
,Recommended,437220,21725160,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,(^_BiscuitMikke_^),"This game is alot of fun.Its like playing h1z1 just survive when a bear starts chasing you,But in this game...  Its a chainsaw thats after you."
,Recommended,437220,22260531,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,St. Jude's Pussy Brigade,"Good game, constant updates for bug fixes and balance."
76561198291558082,Recommended,437220,22695545,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,to stoned to play,like the game but lags extreamly to much. i dont lag in any other game but this one. and its so bad i dont like playing the game anymore. please fix the extream lag
76561198168611212,Recommended,437220,23879396,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Combat Cantaloupe,"Honestly, after reading all the bad reviews for this game I was a little skeptical about buying this game. However, I ended up picking it up after i saw that it was on sale. Although i dont have many hours in this game yet, the few hours I DO have have been intense, fun, and overall enjoyable. The combat isnt as bad as people say in my opinion, however there are a couple bugs every now and then. In all, I would definitely pick this game up when on sale."
76561198099448130,Recommended,437220,21658140,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,:),First patch is called the king of the Kappa.
,Recommended,437220,21674201,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sneezedip,And I thought punching trees in minecraft was fun!<3<3<3
,Recommended,437220,22261658,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Idiot,Push me like one of your French girls
,Recommended,437220,22132761,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Zippernumba1,"This games is hottest game I feel so far this year! Grab a friend and get down with spears and if your lucky a Chainsaw to maul your enemys! "":D"
,Recommended,437220,23877728,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HelixNeb,"Game was very glitchy, had terrible framerates, and the mechanics of the game didn't make it very enjoyable unless you gritted your teeth and beared through it.  The most recent patch that has come out has made the game much more fun.  Combat feels fair and since most of the lag issues are gone, I rarely feel like I blame a lost fight on lag.  If you asked me a month ago, I'd be hesitent to reccommend the game in it's state at the time, but I definitley think it's worth it now if you want a fun ""last man standing"" style game that can be played both alone or with a friend."
76561198055997695,Not Recommended,437220,21676321,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Heff,if you like battle royale with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ melee combat you'll love this.
76561197999944830,Recommended,437220,22277423,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hand of Fate,"Very easy to pick up, great crafting, combat, skill sets/airdrops. I would like to see them add different maps and play styles, but the current two game modes (16 player ffa and 16 play 2 man teams) are great."
,Recommended,437220,22313500,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FURY,when i 1st got this game i tried to refund it and i ended up not getting the refund.so i played it a bit more and found out i was just bad at the game now i love the game and rate it at 7/10
,Recommended,437220,21764237,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Rakim,"If you guys actually stick to this game and give us more good content ill be happy to pay more money, just no p2w please! 10/10 :)"
76561198096763132,Recommended,437220,22831740,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Richie_MC csgoroll.com,"After watching people play this game, I wanted it and got it. The only problem was the lag. I overly exceeded all the requirements but it lagged from 4-5 frames per second on all the lowest graphic settings. I had a quad core 3.1 ghz processor, 8 gigs ram and around 600 gigs of free space. Unless your computer is way better than this. don't get the game."
76561198291600106,Recommended,437220,22831746,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Salt Distributor,"Best game ever!!!!!!! if you are competative and into survival games/massive free for alls, then this is the game for you!!! :D"
76561198073587966,Recommended,437220,21664707,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,samkk360,"The game is fun, fun, fun and has actual aiming unlike h1z1. But seriously it is well optimised conturary to some peoples views, i5 6600, gtx 770, 8gb ram and i get normally constant 60 on some fairly high settings so its great."
,Recommended,437220,22384941,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,yeeeee,dank
,Recommended,437220,22412974,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Neruosys,"This game is down right a blast to play. Every match is different and exciting, on top of it all the devs are on top with new, updated, tweating patches. Thumbs up for a great game"
,Recommended,437220,22402516,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,{TGC}Fr33,I got to say hell yes to this can't wait to see what this game can do and go for loving every second !!!!!
76561198063461001,Recommended,437220,21844206,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,morale suport,"Awesome, you get to simulate the hunger games."
,Recommended,437220,22785747,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Draghar,"Extremely fun, even with bad balance issues in Early Access."
,Recommended,437220,22790253,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,okimarobot,"Awesome Idea. the best elements of rust, arc, h1z1 etc without being a run simulator. Once they figure out how to optimize, add more balance, and proper rank/reward system this will be the go to game"
,Recommended,437220,22860114,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Special K™,"The game is fun, simple as that. While the combat is clunky and the updates may have fiddled with balances that have muddled it up a bit, it still retains its goofy, fun factor. Not only that, it has the most active Dev's I have ever in an early access game, logging and gradually fixing issues and complaints. I have super high hopes for this game. Keep your eyes on the long-term prize people, it is early access for a reason and this game doesn't deserve a negative review for a little slip up by the Dev's who are racing to fix and add consistent content.And in regards for the teams in FFA, I'm pretty sure the announcer said there are no rules... It adds a sort of Game of Thrones dynamic to the mix; alliances form and break, and the friend you made will eventually become your enemy. I cannot wait for when they add proximity microphones to make it even easier for these type of situations to unfold."
76561197966486386,Recommended,437220,22855794,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mongolian Chop Squad,"love the game but omg the teamers in ffa just make it no fun everygame theres atleast one team ""ATLEAST"""
76561198019640410,Not Recommended,437220,22870694,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Arnold McSwissRoll,"*I will change my review depending on the updates*Why i do not recommend:-Poorly optimized (runs better after recent update)-If you dont have a PRISTINEEE internet connection the combat system will mkae you want to cry, i played 8h and never won a single fight"
,Not Recommended,437220,22872084,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dreadnought10,"The only thing bad about this game is the combat system, unfortunately that is a big part of the game. It makes sense for there to be a bit of a delay between pressing a button and doing damage because of swing time, but other aspects such as shoving and blocking delays are downright ridiculous."
76561198212820471,Recommended,437220,22874210,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,FaMouZ Reflex,I Love this game
76561198283266940,Recommended,437220,22847884,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dylan Smith,Interesting and fun game. Would recommend to players looking for an open world combat game for sure!
,Recommended,437220,22884094,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rosé-,"Amazing game. Very detailed, I would give it 5/5 stars. Check it out. Amazing...."
,Recommended,437220,22735200,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,TheSw1tcher,Best $15 I've ever spent.
,Recommended,437220,22166466,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Free Cheat User,Pros:1. Graphics2. FPS3. Melee4. Weapons5. Gameplay6. Announcer7. Air Drops8. Perks9. Customization10. Global ServersCons:1. No Voice Coms2. Currently only 1 map3. No Twitch Hoodie :)For the love of GOD please get this game its amazing and even my friend with a HP laptop can run it in medium settings 11/10 would play again.
76561198013001990,Recommended,437220,21936753,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,no good for australia 280ms... shame though solid game
76561198052979177,Recommended,437220,21681904,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Brezzley,"Buy this now. Don't let ""Early Access"" fool you. This isn't a misguided effort, this is a finished game besides minor tweaks. This is Hunger Games the game. Buy it now.This game is carefully developed and thought-through in every way. There is not one unnecessary mechanic, nor anything missing. The way you gather and fight over equipment is perfectly executed, as is combat, movement, design, and events. All of the game's faults in its current state are either superficial or boil down to ""this or that is arguably OP.""Each game is fast-paced, but I've never felt rushed. It's really exciting, and the sound design is incredible. No other multiplayer game I've ever played has been this suspenseful.The game's tone also adds to the experience, and the announcer is genuinely entertaining. I know I sound like a shill, but trust me, the game is fun."
,Recommended,437220,21802547,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,chiinnoo,"Great Game, Really Fun and Intense But Would be great to have the option for view bobbing"
76561197992973598,Recommended,437220,22182243,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,li_wizcraft,Most heart pounding action you will find in a 20 min match
,Recommended,437220,21860169,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Ralphieboy,"The Culling - Survival Game With Great PotentialGreat game! I would definitely recommend buying this game. Playing alone (free for all - 16 players) or with a mate (8 teams of each 2 players) are both awesome.You can unlock a random item for your character after each game. There are also a lot of different loadouts that you can unlock by using the 'surprise me' loadout and collecting the random loadouts you get in the game.If I have anything I would like added to the game:- Multiple game modes (For example larger teams: 4v4v4v4 or 8v8)- More maps (There is currently one huge map)- Bigger choice in weapons (and possible cosmetic only skins for them)- A minimap where you can see the area 10 meters around you and your teammate as a dot.NOT a huge overpowered map!What they should NOT implement:- Microtransactions / Please DON'T make this game Pay2Win!- Power Ups or better weapons (really overpowered) that you can have if you have played more. New players need to be able to quickly get into the game.If the devs want to earn some more money, make only COSMETIC items buyable please."
76561198111331245,Recommended,437220,22055379,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,XZnothing,"So, much like other early access games that are absolutely amazing, I've started to run into people who are not being legit. I've seen people teleport, people have guns 2 minutes into the game as well as 2 claymores and what looked like a mountain of pungi sticks, and people who are looking the opposite direction and 180 to headshot me with guns. I adore this game, but with the introduction of these players I'm a little saddened. Hopefully there will be a system to both catch and report these players soon."
76561198024885405,Recommended,437220,22658626,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ZefSide HiTECH,I bought this game on a whim and I can't stop thinking about it. It is a very fun yet very challenging first person meele fighter game. For the price this game cannont be beat. Also the Devs are very active and are constanlty changing things to make the game more appealing
76561198018651328,Recommended,437220,22466694,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JabbaTheBlunt,"You like killing people?GREATYou like making them feel week and helpless!?PERFECT!You want to trap young helpless fetus eaters with snares?!COME RIGHT HERE.This game is fun. Yes I said it... Fun!!Very rare you find a hunger games,game that is played for ''fun'' everyone will always be a keeno! well on this... think again!You run around looking for stuff! Like bones for money!Find a cool crate with a bomb!Find more cool stuff like a compound bow!Maybe get enough money for a airdrop!OH LOOK YOU GET PERKS.OH LOOK YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR CLOTHES AND UNLOCK MORE.OH MY.So if you love a ''FUN'' based hunger games Get thisPlus H1Z1 is worse and charges more! :DD This is not P2W"
76561198297087139,Recommended,437220,23623854,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DrLinden,"This is one of my favorite games. Yes its hard and it will take a while to get good at, but once you've put the time into it, its amazing. A lot of people are mad about some bad updates they did but luckily they've fixed most of that.  You should get this game. I'm sure it will be perfect on its actual release."
76561197967619654,Recommended,437220,23624045,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Barnacles HATE simulated wood.,"I want to love this game. I really do. Its beautiful, the sounds are crisp to the ear. I have played it nonstop since I got it. I do not regret purchasing it. The problem is the interactions between the community and the developers. Lines were crossed when they shouldn't have been, suggestions were added when they should have been playtested in better, and updates are massive and too infrequent for the balance changes that need to take place. The game is fun, really fun. It gets your blood pressure up. But it's really frustrating, especially for new players that don't understand the roshambo melee fighting system or the many odd things that end up killing them (GA IM LOOKING AT YOU) or things that should be game enders for a player to use (chainsaw why u so bad?) This game IS getting better and will continue to get better as the developers are getting a lot more experience at what they need to listen to and what they shouldn't. I do not regret purchasing it. It's fun, but don't expect to win a match the first, second or tenth time. Learn from mistakes, watch what others do, ignore the spectator chat and you will enjoy this game."
76561198066957173,Recommended,437220,22185063,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jbyj2222™,didn't know what to think about this game at first but quickly got addicted to it. over all its a fun game well worth the 15$ but can make you pretty angry at times as well definitly can be rage inducing. There are still alot of bugs and glitchs with this game but it is still in beta so that is to be as expected. been recording this game when i play and already posted acouple videos to youtube. just put out a funny moments montage on this game on my channel FuzeiXotic.
,Recommended,437220,23623102,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Prof. Ostrich,Really usuable good graphics and great weapons tons of them and good blocking and fighting mechanics
76561198053905004,Recommended,437220,23623210,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Phranchyze,Game is always changing for the better. GG Xaviant.
76561198070983294,Recommended,437220,23772914,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kevin1316,"This is honesty one of my favorite competiive games at the moment. If you're reading this you've probably seen some dissenting opinions about it. The people that are writing some of these negative reviews seem to forget that this game is still in alpha and is continually evolving. For it being in alpha it'a incredibly playable, if I didn't know any better I would have guesed that it was already in the beta stage. It needs it's tweaks and balances but I definetly think it's workth getting into the fray now. Devs have been rolling out major patches every 2-3 weeks or so with a hotfix that same week.Are you a bad enough dude to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,437220,23625198,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Big Sir,"There are plenty of games out there that have Battle Royale mods with notable examples being Rust, Minecraft, or DayZ. However, these games were not made with that format in mind, and modders have treated the Battle Royale style as a kind of lotion they could just smear onto any game.The Culling was made with the goal of delivering an intense Battle Royale experience from the very beginning, and it shows. Every little aspect works together to achieve this end.The end of every match, if you make it that far, always feels like the conclusion of a big adventure, as if you had just been through the Hunger Games. Even if you wind up in the center arena with nothing but a pointy stick and a prayer, you still feel like you can win. This isn't just because of good balance, but also because the outplay possibility is always evident and you always feel like there's something you can do to overcome unfair odds.Also, Grab! My! Package!Grab my package!"
,Recommended,437220,23715543,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,humbug52,"TL;DR This game is fun. This game is worth your money. This game has great devs who care about it and the community. If you have any interest in pretty well balanced but challenging gameplay, this is for you.---------------------------------------------------------------------This game is very unforgiving in that you WILL die more often then you win, but each round is a whole lot of fun. Either teams or solo, you feel tense the whole match, stalking and being stalked by enemies and trying your damndest to save up enough FUNC (in game currency) to get an airdrop with better supplies and weapons.The nice thing about the game is that even with the best of weapons you are only as good as you are; I've been beat by people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons and I've beat people who were carrying the best spear in the game. This game is about how well you understand the combat mechanics and can use them along with sneaking, traps, and crafting better weapons along the way to be the best out of the 16 total players.See you on the island!"
76561197961438786,Recommended,437220,22733288,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Clown,"One of my top games of the year, great for when you just want to go ahead and jump into the fray. Has all the adrenaline rush of a last man standing fight, all the humor of borderlands, and the pick up and play style of a Garry's Mod game mode all cramped into a tight nit, easy to learn death match game.The dual survival mode makes this game shine, fighting with a partner in an attempt to survive as a team instead of alone.All in all, the game does what it says it does and then some. 10/10, if you don't  like it, it's the wrong genre for you, that's it."
,Recommended,437220,21630797,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kooby | Vexur,"The best game Battle royale/Hunger games game so far! I love games with skillbased combat! And the crafting system is so creative and easy to learn, compared to other games where you need to a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥to craft a simple thing!I would like to see more maps! Like Csgo or something, you choose a map to ""Queue"" in and you fight on you're favorite map! More maps would have been awesome id like to see that in the game! But overall an insane game, especially for an early access game that just got realeased! (In love) Thx for the early realease you guys rock!"
76561197978832486,Recommended,437220,23708607,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BendixsonT,good
76561198056846216,Recommended,437220,21895905,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ARMADA1,addictive
76561198039396349,Recommended,437220,22362967,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KissnKateBarlow,"A really cool game that definitely has it's flaws, but is fun to play as-is. There is so much potential in this game and I hope they are able to keep improving the game. The devs seem to listen to user input so I am hopeful. I think their marketing and expandabilitiy will determine how far they go. I'd love to see this become an Esport like LoL, DOTA, etc...Currently there is no ranked system. The game is still undergoing a lot of performance optimization, feature expansion and combat balancing. I've reached the point where I can win most games if I really want to (so ranked mode would really help replayability), but you can try really strange build comps and try to win with them just for fun. For an early access game it's quite good, would recommend."
,Recommended,437220,21731088,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Blamwhocares,"My stupid teammate died early on; I was alone...I heard movement ahead, the enemy was close. I hid in some bushes. Luckily, they walked right past me just meters away.I started to run off, but then I realized they were calling a drop in. I only had so much gear, it was the best chance I would have at surviving. I started darting towards the area where the call was made, the two were sitting there. One of them was trying to throw♥♥♥♥♥♥at the drop to get it down faster while the other was just sitting there selling stuff. I quickly decided to set off one of the gas machines. I was almost sure they knew I was there; the guy selling stuff saw me. I darted in the direction of the guy trying to get his loot, stabbed him several times in the back, and ran off again. They chased me, with the gas closing in behind them. I quickly turned around and shot an arrow at one of them, which struck the one that was nearest to me.The fight was on. It was a 2v1 hopeless fight. I swung, blocked, and swung. I was being knocked back and forth. Finally, I got free. One of them fell victim to the gas I'm assuming; I swung one last time and darted off into the jungle. I quickly made up a bandage and overheard the other guy trying to heal himself. Luckily, I had soft feet and a c4. I snuck up on the opposite side of the tree he was on, set it down, ran around it, a few feet away, and detonated it. He was gravely wounded, nothing but a drop of blood left keeping him alive. His life was mine.I breathed out heavily as I approached the crate, unsure of it being worth anything. Upon opening it, I was both in shock and very VERY happy.Two men approached the center of the arena, in hopes to obtain one of the free crates. They attempted to open one of them, but to no avail: it exploded in their faces. It was just them and one other man, so it shouldn't be too difficult to kill him as a team. Then, as they turned around to witness what they were up against, they heard the reving of a chainsaw.10/10 would lose my stupid teammate again."
,Recommended,437220,22287885,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bossinas,I have never loved a game that I hated this much. Havent died the same way once. <3 Culling
76561198233693444,Recommended,437220,22568486,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cootra,"Awesome game, really fun despite all the glitches right now. Would def recommend to anyone :D A++"
76561198238544228,Recommended,437220,22024111,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,neilson434,"This game is great fun to play with your friends or solo, however remember before you buy it that it is in early access and it can and will change quite alot before the full releasePros - Very Fun- Decent Graphics- Good Frames Per Second- Updated AlotCons  - Combat isn't fluid or realistic (although I am sure this will change in the future)Final rating 7.5/10"
76561198216453480,Recommended,437220,21919589,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,futurepornSTAR,"The Culling is the culmanation of teen angst + adult dodgeballU feel anxiety most of the time with an eventual climax that is bittersweet, people are not forgiving like dodgeball and will pick you off when you are vunreable.......... all in all a super fun game for the famly and kids.SincerlyFuturepornstar <3"
76561198111265637,Recommended,437220,21716837,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,AjaxRedX,"While the game has very interesting and gripping features, I do find it to be lacking a smooth combat system.  The current combat system is sluggish, with very poor hit registration.  This will hopefully be fixed in an update, as the game is still very new.  I can't say that I haven't enjoyed it even with this one caviat.  Hours of fun are to be had here.  Personally I am a huge co-op guy, and singleplayer always takes second place.  I was impressed with how they turned a free-for-all into a stunning co-op experience.  Sure, you might spawn 700m away from your partner, but this helps speed up early game progression, and it tends to deter a fast fight should you quickly meet up with you co-op partner.  All and all its a fun game, but the game is being held back by a bug-filled combat system that isn't expected in a man-hunting game.  Hope I helped."
,Recommended,437220,22731520,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Maekeshift,"Overall, this game is excellent especially for an Early Access game. It will most certainly fill that ""Hunger Games""-esque hole that a certain subset of gamers have been looking for. However, this game does have its flaws especially on the performance side of the game.Positives:-Game developers are really in-touch with the community. Listen to a ton of feedback and are actively releasing patches based on community feedback.-Beautiful, colorful looking game (you aren't going to get Crysis level graphics but it is nice to look at)-Looting system is relatively well thought out with good variety in weapons-Perks and Airdrops add the ability for preconceived builds and strategies for each game you play-Has the ability to play solo and with friends (both in 2-man team matches and in private servers of just you and your friends)-Cosmetic items allow for customization of your character so each character/player can be unique (you also get a cosmetic drop for each and every game you play with better cosmetic items being dropped for the better you do in the game)Negatives:-Combat system at times can feel like a game of rock, paper, scissors (although it has been getting less that way with every patch in my opinion)-Rank grading can seem arbitrary/random at times [Rank grades are F, D, C, B, A, and S; A and S are only assigned to winners (should at least get an A if you do a lot of damage and don't win imo); they also determine what level of cosmetic drop you get; you can also get NO drops for a Rank B doing{LINK REMOVED}150dmg...what?!]-Performance is pretty bad for mid to low tier computers. Higher ends will still have issues loading into the game but once in the game there isn't much issue except for texture pop-in at least in my experience (for reference I have a i7-4790k, 16gb RAM, GTX 970, and a 500gb SSD)-Loading times. Both game startup and match loading take forever regardless of system. There are even issues where if it takes too long for you to load then your perks/cosmetics will not load into the game (this causes you to automatically be at a disadvantage right at the start of the game)-Ping can vary wildly due to limited servers. Have friends who get 5ms and other who get 125ms from all regions in the U.S. (I get ~55ms playing from the Southeast US)-People tend to try to queue into each other in Free-for-All in team matches which is pretty annoying as a 2v1 provides a pretty significant advantage for the 2 person team (there are rumors that devs are handing out bans/warnings for this although I've never seen anything to indicate this)Verdict:7.5/10This game is extremely fun and addicting. For someone who isn't really into the whole survival, Hunger Games type game I've found myself pleasantly surprised at how fun this game is even despite the frustrations I have with the game in its current state. I also have faith that this developer will listen to constructive feedback from the community and this game will only grow better and better. Definitely worth 15$, probably even worth 20$."
,Recommended,437220,22741120,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Annegret Bellinghausen,"Playing my first round, my whole body starts shaking and I feel like dying in game makes me die in real life aswell. Never had such experience. 10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,437220,22118724,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Austin,10/10 IGNGets in game and spawns 1000km away from teammate. Teammate dies. You find SMG. You win.
,Recommended,437220,22732943,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Angry Gamer,i like seeing the expensive packages and stealing them for myself
,Recommended,437220,22783905,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,memestar™,"Like 2 girls 1 Cup, you shouldn't like it, but you always go back to watch (Play xd)"
,Recommended,437220,21675769,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[OTF] CHI-Mac8,great game so far. need to add some more cool stuff like wepions and map structures. but so far great job..
,Recommended,437220,22579862,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cadeology,"I would give this game 4 stars out of 5. I think the game is great pvp is well balanced, and overall very few noticeable bugs and issues. The only thing that I would want to change is the amount of weapons. I would like to see more updates including not only bug fixes but additional weapons and items in game. However I do suggest investing into the game because it is only fifteen dollars and it is a great game for that kind of money.Pro: well balanced pvp and fun option between solo and team matches.Con: No additions so far as in items and weapons. Also I wish their was more variables and challenges that got in your way besides gas which is a big part in The Culling."
,Recommended,437220,22304927,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MexicanCorndong (^;,One of my friends and I killed Adolf Hitler by gassing him out of a building.10/10
76561198217028311,Recommended,437220,22242557,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,zZxXMAXIMXxZz,its really good its the Hunger Games Meets Hz1 its good but you need a good computer to play this game
76561198001105750,Recommended,437220,21839292,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Valts,im so glad i found this game accidentaly
,Recommended,437220,22376869,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,coop :):,great game to play with a mate
76561198011337697,Recommended,437220,21907471,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Elusive Plonkey,Awesome
76561198011231472,Recommended,437220,22319436,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WELLFUCKYOU2,fighting system is broking to♥♥♥♥♥♥... my opponent will be blocking so i push him and then i swing but he is already blocking again before i can swing so i get blocked and stunned and i get hit.... but when someone pushes me i hold the block button with no block to protect me from hes swing. i was wondering if this is a glitch that other people can block still after being pushed and if so i want to know it cause its completely unfair that i cant even hit this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198053159528,Recommended,437220,22250818,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,Just buy it....♥♥♥♥ing best game ever.
,Recommended,437220,22278281,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Some Other Fucking Weeaboo,"First game of Culling I played with a buddy of mine, me = noob him = pro-Spawn in dark box.-Find a building nearby and I start looting it-Notice his health dropping really fast-""dude you need help?""-*Announcer voice* ""Your friend just beat someone to death, WITH HIS FIST!""-*Announcer voice* ""Your best friend just threw something and killed somebody!""-wut.png-keep looting building-some dude shows up being loud af-I engage him with a hammer i found looting, he has fists-He's destroying my♥♥♥♥♥♥with his fist, quite literally-friend shows up to bail me out-backstabs the ♥♥♥♥ out of him with spear-Gives me backpack and few stims, says we're going hunting-k.jpg-Follow his man tracker thing, eventually find a group-He immediately runs after them and gets in the middle of both of them-I follow him and start swipping my newly found crowbar at them-hit him accidentally-whoops.gif-They both start running at the same time-He takes his spear and throws it and kills one dude-Picks spear back up, throws and kills other dude-*announcer voice* ""Some chump just got murdered with a spear!""-Me, him, and 2 other peeps-He loots a bow from dead body, couple arrows-I follow him to center arena, couple air drops came recently thru random event-Find a dastardly duo, both armed with guns-Friend shoots an arrow at one, knocks gun out of hand-Chucks explosives at him, he prob pulled it out of his♥♥♥♥♥tbh-1dead.exe-Proceeds to butt♥♥♥♥ other with spear while I stand in awe of the magnificence that is going on around me-Victory screen shows up-WhatdidIwitness.uni-He says he got 7 kills-mfw 0 kills, pfp relatedAll in all 10 thrown spears/10 would get carried by pro player again."
,Not Recommended,437220,21781261,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,".,.","PLEASE OPTIMIZE THE GAME I SHOULDNT HAVE TO CHANGE THe SETTINGS IN APPDATA IN ORDER TO HAVE MORE THAN 10 FPS YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO SET IT LOW ENOUGH IN THE ACTUAL SETTINGS MENUother than that good gameActually nvm, they released an update that somehow makes the game run even worse than it already was, rip"
76561198136195799,Recommended,437220,22640945,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,OOBROWNSNAKEOO,best game ever...
76561198114958331,Recommended,437220,22636864,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mr. Dr. Professor Hamburgler,pretty nice
,Recommended,437220,22167190,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Deagle,"Pros--Great game, spot on to the hunger games.-Seems to be updating frequently every 2 weeks roughly.-Updates are major changes and balancing to gameplay.-Think fast paced battle royale with chivalry or reign of kings combat style.-9/10Cons--Max coop is 2 man teams. Hopfully they will add more coop options later. 3 Man teams maybe?-You may notice a bug on occasion with a item getting stuck in the floor or somthing but nothing game breaking. This is to be expected though and they are working on these issues.-No in game VOIP, but i think that is to prevent random people from communicating and teaming up in solo's. So this could be a pro?"
,Recommended,437220,22688702,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DisgracedSphere,"Last two people, I ran at the enemy. We stopped, excanged a few blows. Back off, gaining stamina, survaying the field. Standing room only phase started. I get charged. I side step and throw an extra backpack into his face. He staggers as I throw a man tracker at him too. I run at him, he runs at me. I crack him with my baseball bat as he charges a hit. I hit him again as we get swallowed by the the gas. Victory screen apears before my eyes. I did it, I really did it."
,Recommended,437220,21819838,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,1-800-AUSCHWITZ,Way better than H1Z1 BattleRoyal
76561198058694395,Recommended,437220,22262470,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,solarflare,Awesome game! Dev's are responsive to feedback!
76561198056937393,Recommended,437220,21665676,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ACIDZ,"This game is so much fun, the hunger games style done right! Loved it so much I bought a copy for a buddy to play with !!!!"
,Recommended,437220,21657525,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,Yes.
76561198056299558,Recommended,437220,21668089,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Quasimodo,"I decide to write this review after try to sleep.This game just like The Hunger Game, When I play at first hour I feel like this game is suck (Cause I cant kill anyone I dont get craft system)then after i try again with my friend .....   I'm down  I 'm really down with this game, We spend for a 7.8 hours !!!and always lose. After 8.5 hours I got my first win.What I really mean is this game is worth , Trust meP.S. now they have only US server but that's not much problem , I play at thailand and my ping just around 70-90P.S2   I love the way they craft  ,It look like Bioshock ,watch my blue hand10/10  ma new favorite game"
76561198055811808,Recommended,437220,22360557,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Grey Spud Gun,fun game
,Recommended,437220,22482726,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vault101Dude,"Great support and regular updates!  I love this game! Winning will be extremely difficult especially at first. But after you learn the map and learn the strategies and you start to win it will be extremely rewarding. This game allows for a variety of play styles and strategies. The developers are extremely responsive to community feedback, they aren't afraid to try new things in admit when they are wrong. Absolutely unbelievable quality for an early access game."
,Recommended,437220,22349241,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Booty Eater,"Love the game, don't really have any complaints except the graphics don't look 100% optimized even on High settings"
76561198044795674,Recommended,437220,22324436,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Poodemon,Gear:KatanaImpact GrenadeRemote ExplosiveCompound BowHad Body ArmorGETS STUCK IN THE F****** TREE!!!!!!FML
,Not Recommended,437220,21679255,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PringDing,"Props to them for making the game worse than what it was at launch, and then raising the ♥♥♥♥ing price."
76561198272227352,Recommended,437220,23709851,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Martijn - Slyth,"This game is so rewarding, quite a learning curve for beginners but after a few matches you feel like the king of the world. I´ve played this game for over 100 hours and I am still so happy to get home from work and play this."
,Recommended,437220,22086613,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pickpocket,this game is gr8 it has alot of ugs but it is in alpha and they have fixed so many and added alot of server good game would recomend
,Recommended,437220,22337419,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,varnam,"its like hunger games :) really fun, worth 15 bucks"
,Recommended,437220,21807981,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BigChickenJamal,If this game was an animalIt would be a honey badgerIt doesn't care about how badly you're beatenit just stares at you until you join another queue.(Game is very fun and addicting)
76561198318708307,Not Recommended,437220,25480760,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Megbtw,Waste of money
,Not Recommended,437220,33224455,Posted: 4 July,all,Greencunt,Great Game but there no one playing anymore
,Not Recommended,437220,33160143,Posted: 2 July,all,LordChillWill,It was great when it first came out. Now it is a completely different game.
,Recommended,437220,22052984,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Truth,"Pretty fun for the price, but painful without a friend.The sounds and graphics are good, no music, mildly interesting announcer, decent variety of equipment.  Only one map, but it's a decent size (and only mildly interesting).For a game 100% about combat, it needs some work.  Backstabs are overpowered and the basic rock-paper-scissors/swing-block-push is too simplistic, in my opinion, for a game with no other content than melee combat (and a few ranged weapons).Poison gas is awesome.Get it with a friend.  But without the release of more content, I can see the game dying relatively quickly.  (More hats doesn't count as more content)"
76561198021922357,Recommended,437220,23718130,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,delvonshi,"So, this game started out amazing. But being an early access game *scary I know* its subject to change. The developers did exactly what you think they would do.. change the game.. drastically. Now sometimes it was for the better and sometimes for the worse but one thing I can tell you is that the developers never left the game in a poor state for long. Now once again a patch has come out and the game is in a VERY good state.Overall, I'd say ignore the recent reviews as they have been patch hate. This is a GOOD game. If you come to play it and dislike a patch just leave it be for a patch and come back and try it again. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who likes battle royale style games.If you enjoy the game please leave a similar review so that people can see what a wonderful game this is!"
76561198137161389,Recommended,437220,23717720,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DougStep [OCG],"Once upon a time I bought this game... 200 hours later and after some dogey patches, the devs have got it right!Last several patches have been excellent finally giving me enough to say if you're interested, it's worth the small cost!Combat is responsive, Framerates are pretty solid, Game is riddiculous fun!From pegging a spear into someones face to sprinting after someone with a chainsaw.From stealthily trapping up a path and waiting for prey to earning your airdrop just in time to take revenge on the archer that's been hunting you.Every game is different Every game is Ludicrous and better yet Every game is intense as ♥♥♥♥!!I can't count the number of times I've won or lost a fight due to having an intense battle where the loser starts to run and the victor kills them with a thrown weapon or a well placed trap!Love this game and can't wait to see how it developsTLDR: If you like Battle Royal or Hunger Games just buy it"
76561197974944134,Recommended,437220,23713591,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Creeping Malaise,"Great fun, my fave battle royale style game. The devs have been working hard at polishing and trying new things out and the latest patch on June 22 is one of the best yet. Major FPS improvements, running super smooth now, buildings and textures have been nicely improved, weapon and combat balancing is still going on but it's much better now. If you tried it before it's time to try it again, or if new to the game it's a good time to join as it's very playable now."
76561198095899192,Recommended,437220,23713791,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MASTER123 AMAZES!,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game... maybe im a sucker for this style of game but goddamn its addictive, fun, rewarding, fast paced and brutal. For early access you cant ask for much better and seriously ignore the haters there is a lot of salt for this game just because of the way it plays it can be frustrating at times but stick with it and its going to be one of the best ever! Thanks so much to Xaviant (dev's) and thanks not at all to the reddit community who hate on this game so much for being bad at it!"
,Recommended,437220,28951275,Posted: 2 January,all,★Magic™,"Ok, here is a unbiased helpful review.I bought the culling within two weeks of its release. When it first came out their was a lot of hype behind it with the developers being Swamped by fans with things to add, but also given high apporval. Many people thought this game was going to be huge, yet here we are with a mostly negative review outcome, the reason being is simple. Everything is different. About 3-4 updates ago the Culling was unplayable, recently they have reverted some of the more gamebreaking updates (Like golden crates scattered around the arena). I recommend this game because since the reverted updates, the game is one again playable. The community is beginging to die though because the devs just wont listen. The fact of the matter is there are 3 things that need to be changed.1. Airdrops: When the game first released there were many airdrops and only three were avaliable at the start(at least I think it was 3). You had to use a random airdrop, call it in, and open it to unlock the airdrop for the future. You could also open someone elses airdrops and that would allow you to unlock it. This was actually an incredible aspect of the game because it brought excitement and reasons to play, along with Loot Pinata which was incredibly fun because you would know you had a chance to get something new. The Devs removed this most likely because it was deemed unfair, due to people being able to obtain better weapons then newer players that didnt have anything. So there solution was to take out all fun Airdropds and use a template where the only thing that changes is weapons. This makes Airdrops so terribly bland and somewhat useless. A trident is 250 points when it basically does the same amount of damage as a tier 2-3. In the old Trident case you got things with the trident on top of it being amazing. The devs NEED to revert back to the old airdrop system.2.Combat: In the old Culling Combat was a mixed thing. The devs have recently tried to even out Combat and make it the same for everyone. Killing now takes what seems like forever and is pretty boring. In the old Combat system if someone hit you while you were blocking they would get stunned. That was an incredible implement because now if someone hits you while you block you are just pushed off, so you dont really care if you hit someone blocking. I also believe Tiers are useless now. A tier 4 and 2 dont have that much difference at all and take around the same time to kill. That destroys the competition because why spend 250 func on a weapon, when someone can find a tier 3 that basically has the same equivalent as the tier 4. Combat should go all the way back to its oringal form in this game on top of the weapons being unbalanced. Unbalanced weapons isnt OP, if people work hard recycling, killing, and searching for FUNC they should be awared with a really good weapon. Personally I am very good at the Culling right now so winning is easy, but for new players that have no combat skill yet, they have no chance to win, because OP weapons made it so weaker players could have a fair chance of winning. If you are good at Combat you could easily beat out someone with an OP weapon, but the devs have made it to where the weapons are really balanced giving noobs 0 chance to win. Revert the combat devs!3.Items: The devs really need to release new items, the more items the more airdrops can be made and the more differentiality in matches. Only a few items and stims have been added since the original release of the game. Frankly its sad how the devs dont listen to the fanbase and just do their own thing. The new bow was nice but a whole new projecticle should be added. New guns (like shotguns or some other type) should be added, and frankly Holo Spawners need to be changed. How can an impact grenade and armor, cost the same amount as a rifle? 150 is a dumb price! A rifle that does 25 damage a hit (meaning 4 shots can kill a normal 100hp player) costs 150 when a trident that takes much more hits in normal combat (meaning no throwing and charged hits to the front or bacl) is 250. That makes no sense!Overall: The game is fun and playable and I encourage you to buy it, on the stipulation that the devs update it. I believe they will open their eyes and listen to the community because if they dont their dying community will once and for all be put away and the game will come to a complete hault. I hope this review helped!"
76561197962571364,Recommended,437220,28954621,Posted: 2 January,all,[E16] Duckslayer,"Don't let the reviews fool you. The game is better than it's ever been, and has potential for so much more. Check it out."
76561198153127691,Recommended,437220,23713158,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ady,GG
,Recommended,437220,23713840,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kaiser,"Fun game of 16man FFA or 8 Teams of two.  Games last 22? minutes at max.  Updates coming in on a regular basis.  All in all, some of the most fun I've had playing a game in a few years."
,Recommended,437220,23714044,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Salbris,This was game had great potential earlier this year and it took the developers this long to finally get it right but they did. I've had a lot of fun with this game even though I've had sub 20fps the whole time. I have no idea why they felt it wasn't priority to fix it but they finally did and the game is incredible.This game is a lot of great fun and quite challenging. The narrator/announcer is a big part of what makes the game fun along with things like the Alarm gun or interesting weapons like traps.
,Recommended,437220,28774036,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[E16] Unleeb,"I find this game to have more tactical and strategical options after the latest patch. Now, as hard stuns have been removed, you no longer play a turn-based combat simulator. You can actually use common tactics when facing multiple enemies, such as forcing them to line up (so you only have to fight one enemy at a time). The team play of the game has improved significantly.I am not 100% sure about the solo play, as I mostly play with friends these days. As far as I know, the others complaining about how the ""latest patch has ruined the game"", just need to adapt a new play-style to be as efficient as previously.One common thing i hear, is that now a fight is won if you have the most HP to start with. I have won several fights with significantly less HP than the enemy. In theory this may be true, but in practice skill still matters. And this is very, very good news for people who play this game with higher latency.All in all, i can strongly recommend this game. Will continue to play for many more hours!"
76561198076146684,Recommended,437220,28886287,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gaming Sponge,i like how this game is a hunger games like style while also being able to play it with friends
,Recommended,437220,28950330,Posted: 2 January,all,XenOptiX,"So many people hating on this game, but that's just because many are too salty or lazy to actually try to get good.Pros-easy to run-easy to learn-good, funny narration-decent community, not very largeCons-some people really know the map, and i mean really. people will be like a minute into the game and have like a compound bow.-a little bit more of a complicated combat system than most games, though easy to learn.-small  community, takes like 3-5 minutes to queue for an FFA and like 5-6 mins to queue for teams.Overall I'd give it a 7/10, not bad, and they're trying."
,Recommended,437220,23713567,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,guccitothesocks,new update makes this game a lot more enjoyable. super addicting and fun!
,Recommended,437220,30059595,Posted: 20 February,all,Krug,Haven't killed a single person outside of practice.9/10 would get murdered again.
,Not Recommended,437220,26491255,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BatteryJuice,poor optimisation and terrible updates
,Not Recommended,437220,30484564,Posted: 12 March,all,Vaginal Vinny,"I used to love this game, but in an attempt to balance it, they ruined much of what made it fun to begin with. Sad to see good potential ruined :*("
,Recommended,437220,22512266,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,skyze,"The Culling is great, it's a solid, skill based Battle Royale game. Guns are not easy to obtain, most of the combat is melee and bows, which takes skill to win. The developers release a patch every second Wednesday which seems to work well if you can hold off the occasionally unfavorable patch. Cannot wait for the next patch to fix a few of the melee issues from last patch."
76561198101457872,Recommended,437220,22926036,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tony Mayne,Please fix the goddamn gas bug where it looks like there is the poison gas but its really not there.  jfc
76561198121202236,Recommended,437220,21720380,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Der Schweinehund,"I'm looking for the new improvements and optimizations, but this game has incredible potential. Welcome to the Hunger Games!"
76561197968639479,Recommended,437220,21645140,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Trickster91x,"Pretty entertaining Game, everyone that likes Battle Royal in H1Z1, Rust, Arma should try it.While playing you will feel thats just an Alpha, but if the devs keep working this can be a great Game.And dont worry about lags because of only NA servers. im from germany and got smooth 35 ms ping."
,Recommended,437220,21646292,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,chaoszan,Most fun that i have had with a battle royale / hunger games type game in along time .Pros :- Combat feels good because you really have to time your attacks / blocks / shoves to be able to hit your opponent ( reminds me a bit of chivalry in this aspect )- simple crafting system to be able to get in on the action quick- wide array of weapons to use- overall a fun game to play- cosmetic items that you win by just playingcons :- guns... they are extremely overpowered even after patches. If someone has an smg you are basically dead in about 2 seconds and you can only hope they are a terrible shot- if someone has high ping they are often hard to hit- blowdart gun is still rediculous- sometimes it can be a little lacking on action cause of the size of the mapThis game will be even more great after more content is added . Don't skip this one ! its great :)
,Recommended,437220,21634961,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ziibbii,"good game, only U.S. servers(will give positive review when other servers are added.)Edit: EU servers are now added, but still no AU/SEA . :("
,Recommended,437220,21807812,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,FrogE,"I was quite suprised, I didn't expect to play it as much as I am. At the time of writing this I've had the game for almost a day and I have 16 hours. This game is very addicting! YouTube videos don't do justice, I thought oh I am gonna play this game for a little bit and get bored but its everlasting. There is such variety in the gameplay, every game is different! Its a really good game, you should plan on buying it if you have the money. You wont regret it."
,Not Recommended,437220,30561284,Posted: 16 March,all,Lt. Dan,"A lot of questionable design choices have taken this game out of my rotation. I really don't get it, even if they wanted to take our money and run, why not just abandon the game in the very playable and enjoyable state it was in a year ago?"
76561198268153812,Recommended,437220,25436294,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Shiggy Diggy,It's an amazing game to play either by yourself or with friends you will have a ♥♥♥♥ ton of fun
76561198096256484,Recommended,437220,25406052,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Strolla,Need more maps. Still better the H1Z1-kotk
76561198038388811,Recommended,437220,23002817,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rawfish,"A lot of people are complaining about the melee system here, but let me tell you - Those are all salty beginners which got outsmarted by an opponent who figured it all out. I don't call myself a pro here, I am a beginner as well! The only difference is that I don't give the fault of my failures to a system that's good as it is right now. It's simple to handle, but still offers enough possibilities to outsmart your opponents. I died alot, especially in my first hours. But the more I learned from my mistakes, the more kills I got.To keep this review short - this game is an amazing experience. My heart pumps faster in every match because of excitement and even though I never won a round, I keep playing. The feeling I get from this game is crazy! The best thing you can do here is to keep a cool head, but trust me... if you can set yourself into a game, it's nearly impossible to do so.EDIT (five hours later)I've won my first match... I tell you, this feels amazing!"
,Recommended,437220,22661535,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zackolyte,"TL/DR: ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS GAME! NOW!Please be aware that this is an early access review. So no matter how positive I am, Xaviant can still ♥♥♥♥ this up. But I believe they will not. I have faith in them.The Culling is basically the Hunger Games in ephemeral form. You have 20 minutes to loot, craft, prepare and have a brutal showdown in the center of the map, the Arena. But beware, the other players are doing what you do.The game in it's current state is unfinshed, but it already worth it's price. I only had 3 hours + tutorial in it right now, but I know I will spend much more in the future. The game is fast paced, adrenaline filled, addictive and fun!The game mechanics are really good, creative and satisfying, so I can't tell anything wrong about it.Xaviant! If you can here me out on two things:1) We need more ""natural"" traps, like the bridge that turns. My jaw dropped when I first fell down and it was a really cool moment.2) We need more maps. Heck, I will work two hours every day besides my job to plan you guys new maps! But we need more variety in locations!"
,Recommended,437220,22732008,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AzDaBossBennett,"<23:32:10> ""Hello"": If you like NAZIS Then u will Love this<23:32:25> ""Hello"": If you dont like nazis then u will like this<23:32:29> ""Hello"": soooo<23:32:36> ""Hello"": You WILL LOVE IT<23:32:38> ""Hello"": XD10:10"
,Recommended,437220,22592149,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,RandomLegend00,"It is a very fun game, amazing concept. Yet what sucks is that you need a monster of a computer to run it. My comp exceeds the recommended specs yet, I cant run it :( I hope I can either get a new computer or the game gets better optimized once out of EA, 10 out of 10 though! If you have a relatively good PC I'd say go for it."
74983495218375463,Recommended,437220,22218721,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sam - 94.23.215.128 - A3RP ! ! !,I killed someone with a stick 10/10 would r8 8/8
,Recommended,437220,22327805,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,{NiNjA}AntmanELITE,I highly recommend this game.  It takes a bit to get used to but WOW.  Very addicting.  I love it.
,Recommended,437220,22828015,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Not On Twitch @PenguinzPlay,"Great game, still in Alpha so it has some way to go but after playing for a game you can see the potential."
,Recommended,437220,22263975,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,xenoda,All I do is alarm gun people and try to escape their wrath. 10/10 would anger everyone I know again.
,Not Recommended,437220,26552999,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,nameer.jpeg,Good Concept but the hype has died and its impossible to find games
76561198008996055,Recommended,437220,22254653,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Arouse,Derp was derp.Good game!
,Recommended,437220,22276687,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JakeyBoyPro:D,Guy with spear killed me even though I sprayed him down with an auto SMG would play again r8 8/8
,Recommended,437220,22177323,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,☭Knee-Sox☭,"First match:I spawn and see a player in the distance,we battle it out for a couple of minutes (fists only)I hit player with a full-charge punch and the player explodes killing both myself and him...Game is good."
76561198015954956,Recommended,437220,21825608,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Phil42,"Awesome game, a lot of replayability and well balanced. Already in a good state for early access."
,Recommended,437220,21989451,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Scrimpy Shrimpkins,"Let me get started by saying this game is great! it has everything i wanted to be in a hunger-games style video game. And i understand that its only in early access but i want to give you some advice that every culling player wants.More gamemodes.more maps (definately).A few more guns (shotgun, sniper with scope etc.).Customizable gamemodes (edit time, edit lootables in game etc.)We all really hope that these come in one day. Thanks for the great game. :)"
,Recommended,437220,22094749,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kool,"cowmoo and were only young when we were taken to the ranch. After 6 years of bad treatment we rebelled and took up the human lifestyle and bought gaming pc's houses and cars. We saw ""The culling"" and thought it looked really cool and we tryed it and OMG IT WAS AMAZING !!! Everyday we wake up, milk ourselfs, have breakfast (cerial with our melk and drinking our melk), boot up pc and play ""The culling"" if you are a rebellious cow (and or any other animal for that matter) i -highly advice that you save up your melk and trade some ol'geezer for a code for this hay stack of a game - sounds tasty huh? Buy it now, BUY IT WITH YOUR MELK *MOOOOOOO*"
76561198135954061,Recommended,437220,22102115,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BDOOK,Fantastic! 10/10 I have just killed an enemy with a chiansaw!
76561197982541974,Recommended,437220,22115972,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jariel,Very fast and action filled game. Buy it.
,Recommended,437220,22211897,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,I love Pasha Biceps,"This game is super fun, yet also very difficult. It introduces many new aspects into fighting compared to other games, hand to hand combat wise. The airdrop and FUNC system is very original and well implemented. I also like how you get everything right away, and only get cosmetics from playing longer. After more than a couple hours on this game I still have yet to win, and I dont know if its because I suck or everyone else is a pro, haha. I definitely reccomend this game as its super fun to both play solo and with a friend."
,Recommended,437220,22682324,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Peäkz,"The Culling is a pvp battle royale game with two different online gamemodes, and three practice/offline modes. It gets extremely addicting after you win a few games, but if you get matches over and over where you get dominated, this game can get a little annoying. It's personally one of the better games I've played this year or in general, but I have to play it on a different computer because of the beast this game needs to be played without constant lagging issues. This game is extremely welcoming to newcomers as there isn't anything super complex about it at first. Once you start getting later into matches is when things get difficult. If you've managed to survive, you're going to have to do a lot of thinking and planning, you needing to know what would be best with your current gear, and that's where the complexity starts. If you've played the game for a while you'll be able to predict what people are going to be doing, but if you're new, it's a whole other story. Back to the review, this game takes a good PC to be able to play properly. I've tried playing it on my main PC (I've had mine for a year, and when I got it it was the best out there.) and it didn't run properly because of my PC. The PC is probably the main issue, as this game is just amazing. The game runs smoothly and looks amazing with a good PC. Even with extremely low graphics, the game still looks beautiful. The gameplay itself is the perfect amount of slow and fast, and is the only of its kind. Sure, there's H1Z1 Battle Royale and DayZ but it's nothing like The Culling. This game is great for being in early access and would be good enough to be a full game at this point. I strongly recommend this game, because of how fun and addicting it is."
,Recommended,437220,22350350,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,King Arkus,Lots of fun!! I highly recommend this game! It's that simple go buy it already!!
,Recommended,437220,21635913,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Skeeter,"If you enjoyed any other battle royale game ever, you'll realize how terrible those games are in comparison to The Culling. Ever tried to kill someone in H1Z1 only to have them prone, stand, and repeat to ""dodge"" your bullets? Ever felt like the game is predetermined based on who manages to pick up the gun first? The Culling uses a smaller population per game on a still sizeable map, and manages to condense the games into a beautiful 25 minute game. The crafting system allows you to take trash and make weapons that will actually allow you to contend with top tier weapons. The currency system makes for amazing interactions and allows for easier balancing of items based on the ability or inability to access items without feeling like it's unfair.1. Craft a weapon 2. Loot a building 3. Recycle some garbage you probably won't use 4. Become a PCP addict and murder other PCP addicts with baseball bats and blowdarts. 5. Recruit your real life friends to do in game drugs with you in a game that's as addictive as actual PCP.Buy the game right now. You need it."
76561198091095150,Recommended,437220,21670806,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,KamiTheUndyingPrince,I've been watching this game for awhile and it looked promising and it proved me right amazing game.My first game-Spawns in-Lol Im lagging-Woah wtf a gun-Spam clicks-Dies of trapWelcome to the culling (I'll get you one day royal)
,Recommended,437220,21676152,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Misty-chan,"I start the game in a box; find some rocks and a stick and somehow make a spear. My partner finds me a bow by sheer luck and then proceeds to get him self glitch into a tree and can't move. The gas is released and slowly creeps toward him, while he is unable to move. I stand there horrified at the scene that unfolds before me. My only friend dying before my eyes and all i can do is watch as the green smoke covers him. I run away crying for my lost friend. Where i get gang banged by two dudes who saw the whole thing and took no pity.10/10Would leave my friend to die and get gang banged again."
,Recommended,437220,21679515,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,brandon,I keep getting triggered when I hear claptraps voice
,Recommended,437220,21680981,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dhazz,OMGGG FUN/FUN/FUN/LOWCOST why not ♥♥♥♥♥ if this game was a potato it will be the est potato :3
,Recommended,437220,21734676,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,MormonJezus|Twitch,- be me in duos with best friend- manage to get together after being apart 900+ meters- partner finds explosive mine- travel to airport and hide in bathroom stall- partner planted mine in the middle of the room- awyea.jpg- i express my concern- partner says dont wor-- INTRUDER BUM-RUSHES BATHROOM WITH FIREAXE AND BOW- disregards mine- blows up and dies- scream victory screech- ended up getting killed by victims partner- 100/10 would trap and die again
76561198062537301,Recommended,437220,21735873,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pandalf,"10/10 would get poisoned, shanked, clubbed, mauled and blown up again."
76561198066256349,Recommended,437220,22218624,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Shake n' bake,"The arena doors were opening, I was introduced to a vast land of beauty, and power. You can craft weapons and use them, to make you more powerful, but at the cost of the in game currency. You can fight others for weapons, and the glorious victory you get. I was ready.After some time i had explored the land, i had made a grade level 1 axe and was runnin on the outskirts, scared. But a i realized, a drone was carrying an airdrop overhead.  I swiftly ran my naked black booty towards the heavenly drone, and when i had found the drops location, it revealead a georgous, tier 4 hammer.I realized many other naked black men surrounding the area, already fighting for the glorious weapon, and then one arose, with great power, i dropped his♥♥♥♥♥and got the hammer, i Killed many men, but i got the glourious prizeThat was my first week at my new job at the strip club.Then i went home and played the culling, its pretty good"
,Not Recommended,437220,25792954,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Killerofnl1919,"This game was a lot of fun when I bought it, in june. It was really fun, but a lot of people stopped playing the game. This meant longer queue times, I personally didn't have that big of a problem with it but the game got bad reviews because of this. I tried to stay positive with every patch. Until todays patch. They made it harder for players with skill to win, if u have enough F.U.N.C. (ingame currency) to buy a tier 4 weapondrop, you can't until the match is nearly done. Everyone either has Angry Octopus (perk that blinds other players when you are below 20 health) or smokebombs/pepperspray. They use this to either run away or heal while you are not able to see anything. Furthermore combat is broken. There are three combat actions: hit, push and block. You can get hit if your hands are not fully in the block position, but you can get pushed while your hands are not fully in the block position. Pushes can miss even if you're near them and hitting your opponent does not always cancel their hit, these are both really inconsistent. As of right now I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,437220,22493781,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Suicidal Chicken,"12:43 AM. I have a big Japanese presentation due tomorrow so I start rehersing the lines that are going to decide whether I pass the class or not. The rehersal is going so well so early and yet, I feel the urge. I feel the Culling, it's calling to me. No worries, I think to myself. I can interrupt this for one game. Just one twenty minute game, that is if I even last very long. Three hours later it's 4AM, I've just finished my last game of the Culling for the night, the presentation is in 5 hours, and I'm feeling tired. That's okay though. I only need to play one more match and then I can continue rehersing..."
,Recommended,437220,22765709,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Spazey ダンク,For  the 4 hours i have been playing this game it have been a blast!I would definetly buy this for 14.99 € if I knew how fun this game was!
,Recommended,437220,21909195,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jet,"my 1st match with other guy i dont knowwe meet up and go scarvenge togethermy buddy got shot by alarm gun and we try to run awayhe later get shot by arrow and almost die""I need to heal"" he saidi tell him i got medkit and toss him oneaccidently kill him with medkit11/10 would kill my friend with medkit again"
,Recommended,437220,21911032,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SHK.,"Its a great game, better than others in the same objective. Just needing some optimizations, but its just an Early Access, of course we can expect so many improvements :)"
,Recommended,437220,21934345,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,skittlez4you,"A game more people should try. The vibe of the hunger games both on free for all and as a team (which would be cool if we had more than just 2 man teams) is exciting, fun, and something new.Definitely recommend and hope the devs go a long way with this, with more content and more updates!"
76561198043904726,Recommended,437220,21761350,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,My_Feels,Stun lock the simulator
,Recommended,437220,21831541,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,pab,Dank game
,Recommended,437220,21912332,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ekrow,Battle Royale without all those chinese people
,Recommended,437220,22018010,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Weeaboss. Lord of the Weeaboos,"Was approached by a stranger in a building after recently killing someone. I was terribly wounded. Instead of instigating a fight with the man I crouched into a corner and shook my head no, while throwing my weapons down.He showed me mercy and we split ways.Later on in the final stages of battle when only 3 remained I assisted my new friend in killing the other remaining contestant with a bow from a distance. I once again throw my weapons down in a sign of peace. As the smoke closes in my dearest comrade throws down his weapons and leaps off of a rock into the fog.I was left speechless. He had killed many more than I but for reasons unknown threw it away to me..10/10 will never forget you Coffee."
76561198006669263,Recommended,437220,25258359,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Honorary_Snowman,"Joined a game, derped around for a few minutes. Heard the announcer say something about a kill switch and thought that sounded like fun. Notice at the last second someone put a claymore mine on the switch and immediately nope away. That feeling when:A) some guy shooting at me accidently backs up into said claymore and explodesB) said guy drops a stick of dynamiteC) I win the game by chucking dynamite into an epic battle to the death between the last two other players10/10 would win through no skill of my own again!"
,Recommended,437220,21795444,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,RALPHTV,"I rarely write reviews for games, but when I do I recommend them.if you like fps survival games, the hunger games or primitive combat sims...BUY IT"
76561197971943881,Recommended,437220,21664990,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dansmite,Really fun game especially when you team with your buddy. Be aware though we are still awaiting euro servers although in the meantime the game is fun enough to play anyway
,Recommended,437220,21671379,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BootyClappingCookie,Killed someone with a spear. Someone kills me with a satchel. 10/10 will get satcheled again
,Recommended,437220,21672247,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Elsa | Bam,g
,Recommended,437220,21678599,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,onion ring,Very nice battle royale type game to play with a friend or by yourself and many little aspects that make the game so good
76561198114582131,Recommended,437220,21679886,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SillyWilly,"Although it's in Early Access, it's a fun game.Literally just found out about it and decided to give it a try after seeing the good reviews. Wasn't dissapointed. Very slight learning curve, and then it's all about simply mastering the skills set before you."
,Recommended,437220,21679915,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yehti,"I personally played a bit of Battle Royale in H1Z1 and enjoyed it, but had it's flaws. The Culling seems to fix all of those flaws. The overall game is very instense, and fun all while being for a short amount a time, average 20 minutes which I love way more than H1Z1 because those things took forever. I wish there could be more people on teams but its fine for now. The community is really nice and I am meeting some cool people! The Culling has made it to one of my top favorite games. It is so fun. You can get some really epic moments. Now of course this is Pre-Alpha so it will have its bugs, but you cna work around them. They do need to optimize it a bit too.Overall I give 8/10.-1 for bugs-1 for optimizationIf you like a game to play in your free time with or without friends and make some epic memories, then get The Culling. I was skeptical at first about this game, but I was blown away by it and it is so addicting!"
,Recommended,437220,21714775,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Hawk,A huge suprise and an amazing hunger games simulator with hillarious commentary and a really good made melee system where skill matters. Its like you are in a boxing match when you fight. Really cool game
76561198052362851,Recommended,437220,21715340,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Sharmat,"Well put together, good community, and a balance of luck/skill makes this game slightly more addictive than heroin."
,Recommended,437220,21723999,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,bellyscratcher,rock chucking simulator 2016
,Recommended,437220,21738726,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ALF_UK,THIS IS A BADASS GAME 10/10 ''IGN''
76561198012280488,Recommended,437220,21775721,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,RamanShaman,The most fun and frustrating game ive played in awhile. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,437220,21777674,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kim Kong-Oon,"The Culling is a great PvP survival. If you're into an intense game full of weapons and armor crafting while trying to stay alive, this is a must. This game has drawn my attention and hours of my time. It gives you a Hunger Games feel that brings out some intense rivalry. Check this game out for sure and follow it for the updates."
76561198053456173,Recommended,437220,21727315,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sno-oh  [GTHG2],"If you like the battle royal games like H1Z1 or ark survival of the fittest,i would realy recommend looking at this game.combat style leans a bit more towards team fortress 2 instead of arma 3.(i'm not saying its a team fortress 2 rip off)no pay to win, the only payd things the game could add are cosmetics,but it won't realy affect your gameplay if they'd do that.because you get a cosmetc item each time you win or die in a round.i noticed winning a round gave me better stuff, luck maybe?F.U.N.C is a ingame currency, and will be lost on the end of a round, each round you'll start with a basic amount of like 16 F.U.N.C . This currency can be used to call in air drops, open lootcrates, craft weapons, traps, etc.A round of culling will take up to 25 minutes.When there are only 10 minutes remaining, the map will release toxic gasses near the edges, therefor forcing you to go to the middle, and meet up with everyone else to have a battle in the central stadium.The map gets fully covered in gass when the timer hits 00:00, so no slacking or you'll die of the poison fumes!one last thing for if you're not convinced into playing yet:the game has a great taste of humor if you like sexual jokes while killing people :)"
76561198203001319,Recommended,437220,21730740,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kriminal,Just....Fun10/10
76561198056210986,Recommended,437220,21732589,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Robban,At first the combat seemed very boring and stupid but now it's quite enjoyable and addicting
,Recommended,437220,22890355,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,L3G3NDARYxLIME,">Be me>Playing ""The Culling""> Joins first match>Confused>Tries to craft a knife>success>After making knife, go to a bridge>attempt to walk across bridge>Bridge falls down and gets anally penetrated by two other players before being murdered.10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,437220,23255038,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ailurus,"I love the battle royale concept of this game with its Hunger Games style game play.I love the immersiveness  and how the game plays.Yes it is in early access so obviously there are quite a few issues that still need ironing out.Yes some of those issues are caused by patches trying to fix other issues.Yes the game was better on release.The combat still needs some tweaking, e.g. It takes two attempts before I can actually block.However other than that it is incredibly fun and I can't wait to see what the finished product ends up as.This game has the potential to be an amazing finished product so I do recommend getting it and I highly recommend some patience with it's occasional quirks."
,Recommended,437220,23711860,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Si1enc3,"Good game, enjoyable solo or with a friend. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198019259153,Recommended,437220,23712150,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,steve,its fast and fun
,Not Recommended,437220,21887462,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Anonymous,Nowadays game is dead. Don't waste your time on this.
,Recommended,437220,29379769,Posted: 20 January,all,CPA | Dance Commander,"Best melee focused battle royale, folks get irate knowing things never stay the same."
,Recommended,437220,21776530,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Bean Bandit,Very good for just getting to the public. Some bugs but yet again they are patching this game like it my ripped clothing from being backstabed 5 million times.
76561198027075511,Recommended,437220,31476801,Posted: 30 April,all,TheSunEater,PRETTY GOOD
76561198244154484,Recommended,437220,22712233,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The Suspect,Ching Chong Chang :)
76561198012044442,Recommended,437220,21681196,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Fix,yes!
,Recommended,437220,21936304,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,James ☻,dis is a gud gaem
76561198342324423,Recommended,437220,30827200,Posted: 29 March,all,FUNCD,"The new patch has brought some life back to the game. It needs some bugs worked out and has a major desync problem, but what it really needs is more players!"
,Recommended,437220,21633374,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ChimpStealth,"This is one of the best games I have seen in a while, I might have only played a couple of hours. But I have to say in those hours it's been crazy, I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys killing and surviving. Even in it's early access stage it's still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,437220,22783544,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,LuxZ,A lot of fun :)
,Recommended,437220,29492590,Posted: 25 January,all,Flamy500 | TradeSkinsFast.com,This game is so good. I've been playing at my friends house for a while and decided to buy it myself. My friend and i both sucked so we decided to go back to playing CSGO. Just yester we saw the new update and freaked out. The update made the game for fun more smoother on my friends pc. Overall amzing game and recomend purchasing. What ever you do though play more than 3 games before you decide on how you feel and two check pc specs pretty graphic intensive game
,Recommended,437220,22481207,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ocelot,"If you're not good at this game, it's extremely rage inducing. I've never won a game of this but i keep coming back because it's fun for some reason. The combat suffers really badly from any lag at all, and the weapons/perks still need some balance tweaking. All that being said this game is well worth $15 in early access. It shows loads of potential and is already adrenaline pumping fun, if you're willing to put up with a few occasional total-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-feeling moments."
,Recommended,437220,22226737,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,IndieHusky,"In its current state, I would assess this game as a slightly unrefined diamond. It is a potential masterpiece that even now manages to provide a great deal of exciting, brutal, breathtaking, and heartbreaking (sometimes literally) fun. These are a few things you might feel when playing the game: nerves, excitement, happiness, rage, sadness. There is one thing you won't feel though - disappointment. I genuinely enjoy this game, and have already put quite a few hours into it."
76561197989482551,Recommended,437220,21672107,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Darkphoenix,Do you like H1Z1/ARMA Battle Royale?Do you like survival games?Do you love stabbing people in the face?Do you enjoy PvP games?Do you understand what Early Acess is meant for?Are you a human?If your answer was yes to most of these questions then what are you waiting for? you're 3 subway footlongs away from fun times!
,Recommended,437220,22260629,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,☭Mįkέ_Fǿ_Sħŏ☭,"Like my favorite reviewer would say ""Hodor"""
,Recommended,437220,23929281,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Soldier 76,"This game will make your heart go to work !I have not ever played a game that had sweat running down my body this much.At the moment, I would say it probably is the Early Access game with the highest potentialto become a no. 1 Topseller.At a very appropiate price even when not on discount,this game has got everything it advertises for:The feeling that everything you do a second too slow will kill you in the end;The need for finding a way of killing people efficiently;The need for crafting survival tools like bows, satchels, armor;The Pro-players who make you want to become more skilledAnd much more, but frankly i am too lazy list it here"
76561198255983355,Recommended,437220,29403965,Posted: 21 January,all,EthanHoag,Great game so farthe only thing i have to say is there is a bug where i cant invite any of my friends playing the game also
,Recommended,437220,22714690,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bob The Builder,"DISCLAIMER: This game is currently in alpha, and as such is not complete and is a work in progress.Now that I have gotten that out of the way, this game shows a great deal of potential. When I launch it after a short while of video clips I am greeted with the most authentic desktop simulator I have ever experienced. If it wasn't for the splash screens playing and the god awful long load time I wouldn't know it was a game at all. After a full couple minutes of loading and logos I was awestruck at how believable this desktop simulator is. It comes complete with my wallpaper, and all of my icons. My dreams came true with this authentic desktop experience. Please buy and contribute to the desktop simulate genre, as this game is a pioneer in this field.Note: The game was operating fine until a recent patch. After the patch I started getting DLL errors on startup. After looking into the redit I found a fix (I run windows 7). In my case I needed to install service pack 1 and install Visual studio C++ redistribute 2015. All is well now."
,Recommended,437220,23732767,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Alfafa,"I just die a lot, great game though"
,Recommended,437220,23938365,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cambo,"Really good fun, lots of people are upset by more recent updates but I haven't been around long enough to compare the current version to anything. Very intense at all times and I feel it's the peak of what a battle royale game can be. Still plenty of bugs, but you would only expect such as an early access game and the devs fix several with each patch (at least it says in the patch notes). There are many different elements to fighting that take time to comprehend and most weapons that seem op (like guns) have counters. I think the devs are doing just fine and even with my 0 wins, I'm enjoying it a ton."
76561197987261942,Recommended,437220,23880916,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mayhem Monkey,"I've been around since the game first came out. As of right now, this game is fantastic. It needs a bit of work to help replayabilitiy, and tweaks here and there, of course, along with some additions to the reward system. But as it currently stands, it's a fantastic game and the developers are constantly deliverying solid updates, especially with the most recent one. I have 200+ hours on this game so far, and I recommenend those both casual and hardcore to give it a try."
,Recommended,437220,21653959,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,✪ RG,The best Battle Royale Game/Hunger Games Game in a long time
,Recommended,437220,21654251,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Khyris,"Im from Australia and have honestly the worst internet (400KBS) and i can play online just fine, Definitly a game worth getting and its only in alpha so it will be such a great game once completed."
,Recommended,437220,21671408,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jeff,https://gyazo.com/5e224738db88425c18846cfd737fbec0
,Recommended,437220,22741317,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Star Lord ッ,"This is my favorite game ever! If you liked the movie ""The Hunger Games"" and you like Battle Royal games, this IS THE GAME FOR YOU! It is such a beautyful game and each game is different! Its so many different perks that makes your playstyle, fighting and combat different each time!Highly recommended game! 1000 out of 10, will play 1000 hours more :D"
,Recommended,437220,22762464,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Frak,One of the few games you can spend longer in the queue than actually alive
,Recommended,437220,22776422,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,love this game absolute fun only problem is the community must all have sticky q keys because good lucky against a push spammer
,Recommended,437220,22699700,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Teevo,"VERY good game, but please developers, if you see this, i think you should focus in optimization more! :)you keep up the good work and listening to feedback as always! you are one of the best dev teams out there"
76561198081865025,Recommended,437220,22713273,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ryan,Very Fun. YOU SHOULD GET IT
,Not Recommended,437220,22559297,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ParkBark,"oh my god. Its my 5th review. After hearing about this big update i was stoked. I then realized by ""fixing"" things. The culling developers decided not only make it so every drop takes 5 kills to get regardless of contents. Obviously lowered the entire amount of items found as a whole. Not in crates but even lockers. Yet an even further butcherment to the combat system. May as well make a pile garbage out of the remainders of this game. 2/10 would not reccomend buying whatsoever."
,Recommended,437220,21877988,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,spunky skeleton,"Amazingly fun game to play with freinds, I'd give it a solid 5/7"
76561198005129276,Recommended,437220,22390190,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Steals,"Very fun, tense game playing either solo or with a friend. Games are quick and last up to 20minutes each. Lots of strategic options available to win games, sneaky players often win... ive even won a game dealing 0 damage once :).The game has a decent playerbase so its never struggle to get a game going. Updates and communications from the developer have been great so far (every 2nd wednesday i hear).its already a very solid and endlessly replayble game, but i can see lots more getting added in future and kinda like rocket league or something i think this game will be a massive hit with gamers"
,Recommended,437220,22184401,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Conex,Good game will recommendExcpet i keep on dying and i suck at it but i have had a total of 3 kills and 2 in 1 game so yeh its really fun tho :DMust buy
76561198079329777,Recommended,437220,22211654,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,pissa,I killed someone with a bow by throwing the bow 10/10
76561198133013255,Recommended,437220,23341040,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Gravity,"READ IF U WANT TO BUY THIS GAME.If you want to find a reason to destroy your pc, this game will give you plenty of reasons. As an impuslive player, i have the urge to destroy my computer almost every day. This game is full of 12314215345 various bugs, which will make you lose a match. If this wasn't enough, there are people who love to cheat, team in solo mode, or do other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff, which will destroy all the fun a game should give you. In addition to this, devs give us updates, which make the game completely diferent than it was before the patch and most of the updates make the game even worse and more annoying.I recomend to wait until the game is fixed, because overall i had a few moments which were really fun, so this game has huge potential, devs just need to make a good use of it.Edit:// After the Big House update i really enjoy the game. Lets start The Culling! :D"
76561198107031095,Recommended,437220,23709120,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr.DoubleChin,"The Culling is basically The Hunger Games: The game.16 players spawn on an island where they craft, loot, survive, and kill other players in order to be the last man (or woman) standing.There are many weapons and gear, great combat system and nice looking graphics.The game is updated regularly, and is not in any way pay to win, since there are no microtransactions.There are tons of cosmetics to earn (even if you dont win a match you may still get a reward).Overall i think this game is very fun (even more with a friend because there is a pairs mode).If you like first person shooters/action games that make you super tense, you should definetly get this game."
,Recommended,437220,21877670,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Binkx,My first game -Got out of my boxwent into a housefound a man trackerclicked it i saw <18was like O_Ogot my face smashed in with a hatchetrangot shot with a blowgunget sickget kicked up the♥♥♥♥♥♥die11/10
,Recommended,437220,21839575,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Swiggity :^),">First game in, playing teams with one other friend.>Have no clue how to do anything.>Manage to make it into the top 3.>Spot other team.>Both people have chainsaws.>nononononono.>Friend and I laugh as we are slaughtered by chainsaws.>10/10"
,Recommended,437220,21823687,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Runawaytrain,Currently my favorite game. 8/8 m8s would r8 gr8 and b8 till 8 on a d8. I hate myself
,Recommended,437220,21826350,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Fesh,Devs are doing a pretty dank job of fixing bugs and the game is alot of fun to play. This is coming from someone who did not like H1Z1 and other survival/battle royal games at al but has a lot of fun with this game.I heavily recommend this game to people and also if you see this and buy / bought the game friend me so we can team. 10\10 would buy again...If i had to
,Recommended,437220,21855676,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Tepotu,My friend and I were on the last team. He used a chainsaw to cut one in half and I damaged the other guy until he was on 1 health. He tried running. There was onlky one thing to do. I threw my sword. I missed. I pulled out out my last resort. I threw it. My man tracker slapped his♥♥♥♥♥as he fell to the ground. I killed the last guy with a airborn mantracker..
76561198113005399,Recommended,437220,21717196,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Hey :),GOOD
76561198067941488,Recommended,437220,21634602,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jasutin,Why do they call this game The Culling?They should've just called this THE KILLING-Found a naked guy trying to kill me-Fights me and sees that I have better items than he does-Hit the bridge once and it broke-Saw him fall down to his death and see him fall on his knees.11/10 would kill a guy with the bridge.
,Recommended,437220,21630134,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ryan,servers down rip
,Recommended,437220,21664410,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,draque,"After much contemplating, my friend and I decided to buy the game. We agreed to stop before the 2hr mark to decide if we wanted to keep or refund the game.We played 8 hours straight."
,Recommended,437220,21714244,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MRC,"The culling is one of the funiest/well made games i have ever played, many people are complaining about the servers but i live in the south of Brazil and my conection is really good(40 to 53 ms) i can kill people with no proplem, the game is fun solo but it is more fun when you play with a friend because you can make strategies and etc. This game looks a lot with hunger games but in a more comic way with diferent weapons and cosmetics to use on your character, the game has perks and airdrops that you can unlock by playing the game and killing people, the game released like a full game and it still is on early access and the developers will add more maps, a female character new weapons new airdrops, cosmetics and they are fixing many bugs(i only experiencied one crash but nothing else the game runs relly well) and will balance more the weapos (so far there are few weapons that are op but the only one i think they should fix is the impact granade, and they should make the chainsaw airdrop a litle more expensive). Buy this game 10/10.(evrything on the game is earned playing it, no microtransactions).EDIT: Now they have Europe serversThe Culling é um dos jogos mais divertidos/bem feitos que eu já joguei, muitas pessoas estão reclamando de lag nos servidores mas aqui no sul do Brasil a conecção é boa(entre 40 e 53 ms) e eu consigo matar pessoas sem problemas, o jogo é divertido sozinho mas ele é bem mais com amigos pois você pode formar táticas e etc. Este jogo lembra muito Jogos Vorazes mas de uma forma comica com armas diferentes e cosméticos(roupas) para usar no seu personagem, o jogo tem muitos perks(habilidades) e airdrops(caixas que tem items q vem em um drone) que você ganha matando pessoas e jogando o jogo, o jogo  lançou como um jogo completo e ainda está em acesso antecipado ou seja, os dezenvolvedores vão adicionar mais mapas, mais cosméticos, mais armas e eles ainda estão concertando bugs, além disso eles estão balanceando as armas(a única que eu balancearia seria a granada de impacto e o preço do airdrop da motoserra um pouco). Compre este jogo 10/10.(tudo no jogo pode ser conquistado jogando ele, sem microtransações)."
76561198049119134,Recommended,437220,21909788,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mrmaka,i love this game
76561198052159871,Recommended,437220,21924558,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kapei,Yes
76561198158364491,Recommended,437220,21927506,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,epiccatz,YOUR GAME KEEPS CRASHING ON ME! But its good exept for the crashingggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
,Recommended,437220,22403146,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,NEO,"If you enjoyed the good parts of ""h1z1™"" without microtransaions, you'll enjoy this.  I hope they add 4 man teams, that would be fun xD"
,Recommended,437220,23442442,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,flu0r,"What can I say about The Culling that has not already been said?You get to kill random people on a remote island =)You can explode them, shoot them, stab them or simply punch the smile off their faces.Sure, if you a new to the game you will die! A LOT! Prepare to die many times even before managing your first kill. One thing I can guarantee you, when fighting someone for your life YOU WILL feel your heart pumping. If you die you will probably blame the developers, the ping, the opponent and the weather, but when you finally get the VICTORY screen, it will all be worth it!150 hrs on record and rising, hell yeah I recommend it!Forget what others are saying, they just can't handle some change, the game is great and it will be fantastic when it's finished, so pick up a copy, try it out! You can always ask for a refund if you don't like it ;)"
,Not Recommended,437220,22922641,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,tiltorus3,"Well , I don't really recommend this game because It has seriously big problems, like mouse & keyboard do not work for Culling, moreover the game aint runs smoothly, what means there is no purpose of PvP because who has a GTX 900 series graphic card can run the game, but not lower than it. The idea of survival between 16 people, is nice but how did the developers make it, I would like to refund it."
76561198044638784,Recommended,437220,22316408,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,El Donk0,Cant fault this game and for £10.99 its a must have!
,Recommended,437220,21842014,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sharpshot,Great game good meela Br game
76561198065462932,Recommended,437220,22182855,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,mdk[gamer_dad],"i think this is a really good game because when i tab out, it wont let me tab back in10/10[EDIT]also when i spawn the game crashes, very good game overall!"
76561198045004316,Recommended,437220,22207576,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Doinkey,"The game itself is a blast to play. I am literally shaking from adrenaline as I write this review. The latest match I played in solo left me and another player as the last 2 in the center. I fired my compound at him. Missed. He shot me with a rifle. 2 times. Oww. I had a bandage on me and peeked the corner after I healed. Shot him once. He charged me and I grenaded him. He was reduced to 1 health and I, 5. I threw my sword at him for the kill.Gameplay: 8.5/10 Its a lot more fluid and while I was stuck getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerates a week ago optimization has improved and I run the game smoothly on my laptop. It's a ton of fun to play. The random nature of the game can leave you very frustrated. Its not fun going against a team with explosives when you're still running around with a crafted knife.Team functionality: 6/10 as it is, there is no voice support in the game. Not really a problem as I found a friend to play with and we run skype. This most definitely gives us an advantage over teams without any way to talk excluding the in game chat. Furthermore you can't talk to other players in solo. No proximity chat or anything like it. While its fun to toss a weapon and crouch up and down to indicate passivity to someone its also quite frustrating.Balancing: 7/10 The game's melee has gone a long way in the past week. Where as all weapons were equal on speed before ( a bug) The speed rating actually impacts the swing rate of your weapons. This leaves the blades (fastest weapons) at quite an advantage with almost all of the higher tier ones having a 20% speed advantage over any other class. Guns can drop you quite fast in the hands of a skilled player. Explosives can turn the tide of a battle in a second. And playing slowly and just gathering func (ingame resource for your airdrops, healing, items, etc.) seems to be the superior strategy than roaming and hunting all the players.There's been a lot of complaints recently about one of the latest patches. I was really impressed with how quickly the devs responded and how they didn't go overboard in another direction to compensate. I feel the best way to patch is slowly with small nudges in the right direction and thats what the dev's have done.Overall 8.5/10 A higer sum than its parts. I really enjoy it."
76561198221883112,Recommended,437220,22214471,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Steve_FSX,brilliant
,Recommended,437220,22214796,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,GunzyGunnar,"Really fun game especially when your playing with friends. All i ask for them to add is new maps and new skins for the weapons. if they add this, i will love the game even more."
76561198027378767,Recommended,437220,22947541,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,能▇能MøñêyکђŎŤ▇能,"Why have nightmares when you can play them? i have spent most of my time running away threw the woods  from people with much better gear and weapons who are trying to murder me, i even spent one game hideing in a bathroom stall, 10/10 would Run from people trying to murder me with an axe again."
,Recommended,437220,29934697,Posted: 14 February,all,RedDawn Boulder,it gud
76561198345496719,Recommended,437220,30015501,Posted: 18 February,all,Heisenberg959,"There's is something about this game that really excites me, and I keep going back for more. It's a great game love the updates, but there is still a lot of bugs that are annoying. I really wish the devs would focus on making pc version instead of xbox. Also I would like to see solo games even if they have to get rid of team games all together. Overall though the devs have done a great job with the game, and haven't given up even with all the hate. Keep up the good work, and anyone thinking about playing the game should get it; it's one of the most fun games I've ever played."
76561198010169597,Recommended,437220,23740883,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,grank,Way too much fun.  Strangely addictive.
76561198029137851,Recommended,437220,22711274,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Big Ben,Best game I've played in a long long time. The Team that is making this game are very responsive and quick with updates!!! This is the best early access experience i've ever had. Please give this wondeful game a chance you most likely wont regret it.
76561197999444333,Not Recommended,437220,22994160,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Snowflakes,Free for all is currently unplayable with the amount of teams.Not the worth the headache.update: still cancer wtf is this block.update: still broken was a great game in the begining and they just killed it
,Recommended,437220,22106596,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Habib skinhub.com,10/10 Would Gas another contestant again
,Not Recommended,437220,22755191,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Damuel,The learning curve with the amount of luck and the amount of horrible favoritism to experienced players (ANY useful airdrop is locked from you at the start) makes this game a big NO from me. It is not worth playing AT ALL solo. If you have friends the team mode can be fun though still frustrating.It's not an awful game but ♥♥♥♥ me if it isn't the most frustrating game I've ever played. I've literally had more fun trying to kill people with AK's in Rust while I was armed with a rock than I've had with this game's combat system.The fact that the netcode is such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that you get people hitting you from insane ranges and teleporting just makes the game total trash at times.
,Not Recommended,437220,22755288,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,I just cant stop sucking cock,that last patch nerfed block alot and now the game is filled with campers
76561198047103035,Not Recommended,437220,22446197,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Excalibur Underwood (My OC),Don't buy this game until devs ♥♥♥♥ing get NA west servers.
,Not Recommended,437220,22752347,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DoradoDiablo,"I believe this would be my first review i ever write for a game.Almost every patch says they did something with the block mechanics of the game, yet sense day 1 i see no difference in it.  I just uninstalled this garbage♥♥♥♥♥game for the fact that I can sit there Holding Block for a good 5-10sec and get hit through block by every type of weapon. The enemy never pushes or staggers from my blocks and hit me every time.Only thing i can see cause this problem is latency, but i canstanly run this game at 54-68 ping, so it shouldnt be a lag issue, so either fix that garbage or remove it, other waise i'll never play this trash again."
,Not Recommended,437220,22753642,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TagNBagIt,Takes me 10mins just to load to the menus... takes another 10mins to join a game (if it doesnt crash in the mean time).. in game performance is poor considering how rubbish the graphics are given what else is available these days. Poor effort.
,Not Recommended,437220,22755846,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kopy Kat,hard to find a match
,Not Recommended,437220,21938143,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Keg,"Positive review recalled as of May 2017.I can no longer recommend this. Originally the game was incredibly fun, if you took the time to find a strategy that worked for you and a team mate it was great. Unfortunately that isn't the case anymore.They started appealing to the players who didn't have the patience to become ""good"" and removed everything that made gameplay unique, including features & perks that introduced a certain skill-cap.I played the game for one last time recently with my old team mate, combat is boring and unchallenging like it used to be, they've made it a lot less punishing to engage in fights. It's almost like they got tired of people on various forums complaining about ""dying a lot for x reason"" and tried to remove all those variables, rather than encouraging players to take the time to learn the strategies of the game. People should have been reminded it was intended to be challenging.My final words to the devs (Xaviant) would be drop the stubbornness and revert the game to how it was originally, polish it with your current performance improvements and release it as a finished product. Myself and many others will happily play again and buy any DLC/Maps you release in the future for giving us back the genuinely fun game this once was."
,Recommended,437220,21687189,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,StubbornSlave,"Directly focused on the fun factor of KOTH. The quick crafting system meshes well with the game speed. The weapon selection and variants are quite extensive. The humor is on point ;P. Being in the Early Release phase, It seems to be running quite smooth. 60+fps at all times(970 here). The combat is a bit lacking of all the proper animations. Jumping feels uneven and not so responsive. Weapon switching could use some polishing. Quite a few small things that can be worked out over time. Nothing you wouldn't expect from an initial early release title. Overall for 13 bucks and some change when I bought it, well worth it. Great job Xaviant, nice way to step up survival KOTH."
,Recommended,437220,21763374,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Beary,"Amazing standalone battle royale game. However it is still in Alpha so if you are looking for a highly polished battle royale game wait a year and come back to this. Furthermore the servers right now and are abismal for anyone out of Europe and America. I'm Australian and our internet sucks already. I am getting ping between 200 (on a good day) and 400. Aussie servers please!!Overall The Culling is a great game in progress and for such a low price it's well worth the money even in its current state.*edit - Australian servers are up; ping is HEAPS better. Game is undergoing updates constantly and is only getting better!*edit2 - Barely play this game now. Playerbase dropped off masively, still hoping for a relaunch when it hops out of alpha/beta."
76561198020352267,Not Recommended,437220,26517341,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Henry Bowers,"when the game first came out i couldnt recommend it enough telling people ""oh there is only one map for now but there will  be more"" however there are no more.... this game has been out for some time and still no content updates as far as new maps when they have a world full of ideas that could freshen up the game. the game has died off significantly since its launch mainly because of its repetitive and lack of map variation that all i can think was some sort of quick cash grab by the devs. its a shame but thats the way steam works these days..... allow devs to take advatage of people on a regular basis."
76561198202229110,Recommended,437220,22669234,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,John Rambo,best game ever
76561198001637881,Recommended,437220,22512383,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Arren,"A Straightforward aand enjoyable game priced well for the casual yet quirky game that it is. This is what I'd like to see more 'early access' titles doing -launching with a product that even if development stalls and goes nowhere (always a possibility), that the game I buy when I buy it is worth the money I pay.The Culling is a Battle Royale-esque shooter where you are pitched against random opponents (or teams of pairs) in a no-holds bared fight to the death. The graphics are quite ennjoyable, the combat flows relatively well (though the melee feels a bit clunky), and there are a good variety of items and perks in the game to vary your playstyle without there being one 'true' meta game (that I've found so far). THe actual gameplay is fast and intense, with a good blend of stealth and brutal in-your-face stabbery, and it's a great way to burn an hour or two in between study/chores/whatever."
76561197975244853,Recommended,437220,22383123,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ll Squilla ll,"Although this game can be complete BS sometimes, I do understand it is still early access. I am hooked on this game for now, plays better with a friend in a Team battle. Looking forward to the Devs adding more clothes and weapons. Please add a new map! Would be awesome!! Add me if you want to play some Team battle royale!"
76561198085976141,Recommended,437220,23879151,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,y'all mind if i,"Good game to pass time, wish there was a point system for winning tag teams not just singles."
,Not Recommended,437220,30247160,Posted: 28 February,all,WhiteZe,"If you are on Linux you have no reason to buy this. The game is all sorts of fked on Windows version, and on Linux it's that + more issues. I contacted support  WEEKS ago to fix a COUPLE of issues out of the dozens there were. They responded: ""We know of these issues and are working on it, thanks for the log files..."" And the game is still completely ♥♥♥♥ed with no fixes on the Linux version, the devs have also been including terrible updates on the main gameplay as well."
76561198172243183,Not Recommended,437220,21717710,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mengke,"I am changing my review from positive to negative. Why? Because the servers / software architecture is so incredibely bad that the fights are clunky and become more about guessing than actual countering.I have 100 hours on this game so I feel qualified to say that the performance is just getting worse and worse, likely because of inceasing amount of players. The servers / software architecture can't handle it, There is a delay in literally everything. You block and your hands are raised 1 second later. You take damage and after taking damage you see the actual attack animation. You can also abuse this yourself, read you opponent and you can attack / block before they see what you do. Amazingly bad.You can literally casually run around outside of combat, click and hold right mouse button for block, wait sometimes UP TO 3 SECONDS, then see your hands raised for block. WITH 60 PING. So there is obviously something seriously wrong other than the latency.I really did enjoy this game before it became this bad. I just can't play this anymore. It's getting worse by the day."
,Recommended,437220,22741302,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sentrance LA CHANCE,">I play in 2v2 with a friend called Loop.>We loot the map, kill people, med ourselfs.>2 teams left...>Hopes&dreams.mp3>We got some good T3 weapons.>Nobody can stop us.>We saw them with a chainsaw and stun gun.>They can stop us.>My friend is surrounded and he can't escape.>allahuakbar.exe>I throw to them 3 my dynamite.>My friends die. He died for the community.>I jump in the pit and rush them.>I kill them both easily, they had ~5hp.>My friend keeps complaining but my ultimate strategy gave us the game.>victory.png"
,Recommended,437220,22738455,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Tbaine27,"tip: throwing rocks in random directions WILL get you a kill, you just gotta be lucky. Best moment of my life"
,Recommended,437220,21878711,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,NaHaJr,"this game is worth the money. One match i was in with my buddy, was so crazy that 2 players where going at it with chainsaws, people throwing explosives at each other. Once you play this you wont want to stop playing this."
,Recommended,437220,21685404,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,OhNoIt'sNick,"First game i join, i see someone and then i get destoyed by a stick. I love this game and i hope it evolves into a better game than the mess of H1Z1 because h1z1 doesnt know what funk to do, they basically dupped items on the steam market and they should own steam $$$$ dont make the same mistake!"
76561198122762055,Recommended,437220,22138485,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,PlutoNash,"If you like the hunger games, then this is a game for you."
,Not Recommended,437220,21921932,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,White Autumn,"For me, after it has found a match, it freezes for 1 minute and then when i finally join, the game has a 50% change to crash. Please fix."
,Recommended,437220,22129052,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jarko,Solo is a bit frustrating at the beginning since you barely know how to craft but having friends to play this game with i really recommend it.
76561198009441706,Recommended,437220,22126314,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MightyZaa,This game is incredible but for the love of God please add some more maps
76561198086034547,Recommended,437220,22113554,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Snuggles,Just came second place in a game because my opponent was able to hit me from the front even though i was blocking... 10/10
76561198119358778,Recommended,437220,21946784,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rusty,this is a great game but my windows cannot run the game and i hoping you make this game avalible for  mac players because many more people like me can enjoy the game and some to even play it if they dont have windows
,Recommended,437220,21894471,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Weaver,Say good bye to blinking for 10-20 minutes at a time! Need more eye drops..
,Recommended,437220,22270023,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,God,From what I'v played this game has alot of potential.  Some of the game mechanics are really interesting (e.g. crafting and map dynamics) however the lack of content like game modes and maps is disapointing; but I know this is something they are addressing in the future.Definatly a very good game for the price and considering it's early access!
,Recommended,437220,22271437,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Froots,This Game is pretty cool! I like the concept of a hunger games inspired game! I just wish there were some south african servers so that i dont have ping spikes while playing.
,Recommended,437220,21637419,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Caleb,gr8 game m8
,Recommended,437220,21705435,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Sargia,Make the combat less ♥♥♥♥ing clunky and itd be good thanks fam
,Recommended,437220,22480918,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,h3x,"The Culling is a really well made game, of course, after it is early acces it has a few bugs still, but im pretty sure they will fix alot and probably add more than the two gamemodes that are currently avaiable."
76561198108340071,Recommended,437220,29924293,Posted: 14 February,all,Onkel Tom,"Killed two Guys witha butcher tool, achievedsmg and felt invincibleengaged 2 playersforgot my smggot stunneddead10/10would forget my smg again"
76561198059327266,Recommended,437220,21759085,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Arnie Grape,-Kicking guys♥♥♥♥♥-Starts running away-Golden Arm Perk ENGAGE-Only thing in inventory is my trusty man tracker-Proceeds to charge up long shot throw..-HAIL MARY.-HEADSHOT.-Victory.
76561198205767600,Recommended,437220,29480935,Posted: 25 January,all,SBG Ridicoulous,"personally i really enjoy the game but i think i needa get my cull creates, cause im really addicted to things like case openings haha :)I think  it would be more enjoyabe if you could play it as more than 2 players online (and if thats not possible because the matchmaking it should be a ""free-for-all"" with random players and your 3-5 friends)The combat system is a bit like rock-scissor-paper which i really enjoy even if im not really good at it.id recommend it to everyone who likes survival kinda games and maybe some compeditive ones .So far i´ve only played with a friend and even if we lost most matches it still was pretty fun haha ;)"
,Recommended,437220,22999605,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sharquise,Well...I downloaded this game a few days ago and i am absolutely terrible at it and have hardly seen much because of my playtime but from my overall experience this game is really well done. It is definitely worth the money but is very hard. good luck!
76561198044990762,Not Recommended,437220,31161111,Posted: 15 April,all,CronicImpulse,"Devs destroyed this game, don't buy."
,Recommended,437220,22879960,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,dotcalm,"I love this game. The devs have been great when it comes to listening to community feedback and have always been quick to fix any major issues that the game has. I've been playing for weeks and I continuie to see new and better features implemented. The game has a couple minor things that could still be updated, like updated FUNC numbers when you have the Moneybags perk, or having the Man Tracker text say it tracks female characters too, but overall this is an amazing game that I continue to come back to and look forward to the future of."
,Recommended,437220,21807377,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Drolvik,Trapped in a room for 5 minutes setting up snares. Was able to escape 2 guys by pepper spraying them and injecting myself with steroids. 10/10 would escape people throwing dynamite blindly.
76561198247751434,Not Recommended,437220,31159566,Posted: 15 April,all,DetectivePYG #youtube,this game sucks i cant even log in i would like a refund
,Not Recommended,437220,32727842,Posted: 24 June,all,Epickairu,Dead game lol
,Not Recommended,437220,26513845,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rumplestillbirth,"I am currently in que for a free for all on Oceania servers and have an estimated 83:48 minute wait time, with a single person in que. Confirmed dead game. :("
,Recommended,437220,22704215,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kaihang8980,so good
,Not Recommended,437220,23162335,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,duckferno,"As much as I want to recommend this game, I can't.I absolutely loved the game when I first purchased it about a month ago. Played team mode just about every day with a friend and it was an absolute blast.The game only gets worse with every update and the last major one really killed it. Threw any sort of balance in the game out the window and made combat an unresponsive, frustrating mess.I'll come back to the game eventually to see if it's salvageable, but as of now, there's no enjoyment to be found in this broken mess of what had so much potential.(Also I've heard of multiple people with decent to high end PCs having performance issues with the game, although this has never occurred to me.)"
,Recommended,437220,22654825,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Smiffmaff,please make the game freeso i can play with people
,Recommended,437220,22654722,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KAZZY,"Awesome game, fun to play, a more comical version of the hunger games... but its strange when i play on max settings and get 30fps, then i go to lowest and it goes down to 27fps.... wat?"
,Recommended,437220,22400644,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,TuckingFypo,"Battle Royale style game, best of its kind. After an awful December update, the game has finally reached and surpassed the pre-December patch. While im still not a fan of the airdrop changes from a while back, i am once again confident in the direction this game is taking. Hopefully people will update their reviews to reflect the improved state of the game like i have."
,Recommended,437220,21634846,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,FLAMESCATMIXX,R.I.P Daybreak aka King of The Game Splits
76561198079505437,Recommended,437220,21634396,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,BAZZIGGER,"Note: I also alpha tested the week of 2/27.The Culling is, essentially, a Hunger Games videogame. 16 players are pitted against each other in a fight to the death, having to scavenge for weapons and crafting resources. The Culling plays in 25 minute matches with a last-man standing objective.Pros:-Amazing concept-Good crafting system-Interested loot/weapons-High replayabilityCons:-Graphics (Early Access)-Only 2 modes (again, Early Access)-Combat can seem repetitiveOverall: 8/10Can't wait to see Xaviant finish this game!"
,Recommended,437220,21870101,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Fgw_wolf™,"♥♥♥♥♥son you get to beat people to death with rocks and then craft those rocks into a spear and then call down an air drop with a mother♥♥♥♥ing magnum and then miss six shots and die. Its great, also you can dress like micheal Jackson and get killed by a guy wearing a blinding pink shirt and no pants. Melee combat is great yo"
,Recommended,437220,22668110,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,somatization,"I truly don't have much of  anything bad to say about this game. I love everything about it. The Culling gives you a true sense of being hunted and hunting your own prey. The developers are excellent and release quality updates addressing many community concerns for balance issues (there aren't many OP things, though, if at all), bugs, glitches, crashes (few of these as well) and even adding community requested features.10/10 would buy and play again."
,Recommended,437220,21725793,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rooster,So long as they never add microtransactions this game will flourish. As of the time of this review its my current go to game. It provides the needed excitment and blood flow to achieve both maximum gerth and hardness.
,Recommended,437220,21792778,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ilias,This game is absolutely amazing-Stunning graphics-Smooth animations-The crafting system is cleverly designed-A few weapons have a few balance issues but i am sure with the progress of this game it will be sorted out-I love the announcer . clever quotes and the choice of voice fits perfectly with the design and the main theme of this gameI wish i could think of more positive attributes to add but i am currently busy punching a tree to get woodOverall this game is amazing . Best for a hunger games fan !I personaly believe that $15 is a cheat compared to what this game has to offer
,Not Recommended,437220,30762231,Posted: 26 March,all,Dr. Peppermint,"Had the potential to fufill it's own niche as the only melee-focused battle royale game on the market, but then promptly made the melee combat garbage and subsequently ruined the entire game."
76561198107189356,Recommended,437220,29903745,Posted: 13 February,all,Maurice l DaTweekaz l,i can reccomend this game its funny just now the update is released its funnycombat is hard on the beginning but you can learn it easily : )
76561198017462340,Recommended,437220,29915481,Posted: 13 February,all,mewpew.pewpew,"Its fun to play, easy to learn and well designed and got a good sense of humor - Buy it - Play it -> Have as much fun as possible :)"
76561198071356970,Recommended,437220,29949988,Posted: 15 February,all,DongPudding,"Really is a great game and I'm not positive if they've put it in yet, but having just a ""vocal local chat"" would be amazing (like in rust). Then players could make alliances with people they meet/talkshit/roleplay/deceive/makenewfriends whatever. but just allowing that communication would really open up this game into much more...even if you still make alliances both knowing your gunna have to kill eachother at the end."
,Not Recommended,437220,22757218,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zravik,game keeps freezing
76561198064622310,Not Recommended,437220,30541472,Posted: 16 March,all,Iceman,"Its fun for a bit then it gets so boring and more on luck then skill, the sad thing is this game is going out of early access this year and imo its not ready."
,Recommended,437220,22128531,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,samilay,nice
,Recommended,437220,21683304,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,MeatShield.,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥its Hunger games but battle royale!
76561198063365261,Recommended,437220,21758304,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SeattlePoliceman,"While it is clunky and sloppy at times, The Culling is a solid game.PROS+Large map+Lots of loot+Large variety of weapons+Decent combat+Humorous bollywood feel+Pretty much is ""Hunger Games"" the gameCONS-Combat sometimes feels cheap and clunky-Occasional frame drops-Enemies have WAY to much health-Certain perks are OPRATING: 7.8/10Overall, this game is worth $15 dollars even with its few errors"
76561198056472417,Recommended,437220,21935990,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Skelmor,EPIC GAME
76561198108151916,Not Recommended,437220,31246802,Posted: 19 April,all,TJuice770,They ruined it.
,Recommended,437220,22251303,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Batman's Dog ™,Always first to die10/10 would die again
76561198301108004,Not Recommended,437220,26748584,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Hamish416,"This looked like a really fun game with a unique concept. When I bought it it was some-what entertaning but there are 4 reasons why I would not recommend this game. 1, The game can sometimes lag to the point where the entire game freezes, sometimes up to 2 minutes (at least for me). 2, For whatever reason whenever I try to block there is a 1-2 second delay before my character blocks which has resulted in me never winning any melee fights and never winning a single game (on free-for-all and on teams). 3, The updates are killing the game and practically forcing you to go after other players if you want to have a fighting chance, which makes it really tough for the new players. 4, You can sometimes end up waiting 7-8 minutes to join a game. If the developers at Xaviant could fix these issues then I would 100% recommend the game"
76561198046490317,Recommended,437220,21658163,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,K0ALA🐨,The Culling is a great game to play but it helps if you have a friend to play it wit :)
76561198066733187,Recommended,437220,31453122,Posted: 29 April,all,Facts are racist.,"Guys, they are starting to roll back to the old combat system. Should give it a try. Thanks for finally taking off your horse blinders Xavient."
76561197999199112,Recommended,437220,22815847,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Flappy Jenkins,"Great game; very fun and VERY intense matches. Map is well designed. Great atmosphere, good crafting systems, lots of weapon/item options, good customization. A lot of people are complaining about the balance of this current patch, but it's silly to expect a game that is still adding features to be 100% balanced. Honestly this is one of the best games I've played in recent memory and I can't wait to see what gets added in the future."
76561198136914447,Recommended,437220,23114330,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN!!,"they ♥♥♥♥ed it, everyhing cost a dickload and its just too hard if someone has superior weapons than you but i still reccomend it coz i reckon that they will ballance it back."
76561198052896501,Not Recommended,437220,21753703,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,【≽ܫ≼】Leͥgeͣnͫd,"Troll devs. Troll patches.not my kinda humor.Great game, but bad devs."
,Not Recommended,437220,22699875,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Inthevoiiid,"Needless to say, I have never witnessed such a great game go south so quickly... Take it from a vet of the game, this game back in its prime was golden, literally god-tier, but they have ruined combat so badly that blocking is actually no longer a thing, I wish i could refund this game but it's unfortunate that I cannot, This new update I was kinda hyped for, but it turned out to be just another uninstall, feelsbadman."
,Recommended,437220,21649176,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MACHOBOB,"good battle royale game for casual fun, still alpha but looks really promisingbeating someone up with brass knuckles while juiced up with 4 different chems is fun"
,Recommended,437220,21649556,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Harry Styles,"Very fun and polished for Early Access with a great price tag. This game offers a nice blend of survival, gathering and crafting on the fly which is a great element of progression. Fighting is intuitive with blocks and shoves so it's not just mindless hack n' slash. Looking forward to the future of this game."
,Recommended,437220,21649608,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tyler The Dank Meme,This game is amazing it keeps you on your toes and if you dont have alot of time to play dont worry the games last only 20 minutes and thats not bad at all plus i think that h1z1 should have done this because h1z1 in my opinon is a bad game and this is nice to play. the game is not hard to learn and the combat is really good i love this game just got this yesterday and already have 8 hours on it and plus if you just want to keep going then you can que up with a friend and makes the game 10 times better in my opinon. this is like a hunger games simulator acually it is a hunger games simulator and it is realistic in a way 10/10
,Recommended,437220,21650183,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pasta,Don't usually review games but after a great time playing this game I just had to
76561198068520584,Recommended,437220,21651380,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Audiophile,"Update 2017. I loved the game i really did and i wish when it was still alive i played more then i should have. now the game is near death with about 40 players. not worth the download but, i honestly would play this over pubg or h1z1 if it was back in its former days. RIP maybe ill see you again another time.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*******only bad reviews are about that servers are in NA only******Small update. Playing more i have noticed that when you run up to somone in battle i hit push and nothing happends its like a glitch thinking your far away but your not and another time when you actually push somone when they hit attack it will show you push them then you still get hit from a non existant swing from a sword or ect. as well as if you in battle the damage hits seem to be late somtimes if your the one being hit to the the point where i hear me getting hit on the left side of me where i feel like im getting double teamed but when i look theres no one.Since this is early access i cant really complain about some of the small almost non existant bugs in the game that i have experienced. great game i was not oa fan of h1z1 tbh and not much a fan of the other trash one i think we all know what im talking about rhymes with ray z. Its simple. super simple but with its own signature feel unlike others. crafting is wicked and fun to try everything out in the smartest ways. the tutorial for one blew my mind and was very well done.But there is only one thing i have noticed that somtimes catches my eye, again this is early access and it may or may not get fixed due to it may be the play style im doing but when i try to block somtimes it will not block. i belive its because im hitting attack then too soon im hitting block and then im just standing there open and i get shanked. i thought it would have just blocked after the attack was finished since im holding block but instead it seems to void block out entirley. thats just a small thing that i dont enjoy.I reccommend this game 99%"
,Recommended,437220,21651641,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Austin,Its veddy good
76561198058147273,Recommended,437220,21636135,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AmericanWarrior,Managed to play a handful of games Until I ran into a HACKER?... Was fun for the most part but using the man tracker I was trying tohunt this guy with my bow. The man tracker indicated the person i was looking for was 10 units in front of me and should be standing right on a air drop platform...except i couldnt see him. I saw the ground and water moving as he ran to what i assume was to punch me. I ran for it i thought maybe some type of visual bug. Further along into the game I activate the kill switch making sure the closest person was 99+ units away. With gas completly surronding the middle  I get hit twice with a compount bow( one of the air drop supplies) and died as I see what appeared to my killer flying away. I instantly Alt+ f4'd it but i should have tried to spectate to confirm the HACKER.
76561198060319692,Recommended,437220,21646946,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SloshyFob,The Culling TI 2017
76561198060074563,Recommended,437220,21647068,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cheesus Christ,Awsomest game ever! It's challenging and really fun to play. The graphics are really nice too and in my opinion it's one of the best battle royal games. It doesen't cost much and although it's early acess there are only some graphic bugs but it's still better then the most games of this genre.
76561198043839815,Recommended,437220,21647084,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Doc Brown,If you're a fan of Battle Royale or that part of the Hunger Games that is not boring then you should give this game a go. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,437220,21647296,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Napkin,"A full fledged tutorial, stunning graphics, well optimized, a battle royale game with crafting, tons of weapons, a good sized map, great sound effects, the combat is great, great looting system and mechanics. WHAT ELSE WOULD ANYONE WANT! This is how every early access title should be, well polished, and ORIGINAL! P.S Advanced tutorial users... there's no turning back!"
,Recommended,437220,21647554,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CatLikePeak,"This games a much more ""Hunger Games"" esc battle royale. Much more focused on this gameplay then other games that share the same mode. Its still got some work to go, but it has great potential. And at only $15 this game is more then worth it."
,Recommended,437220,21647961,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Ezman360,Hungry games. Awesome 9/11EDIT****On a serious note this game is AMAZING. If you like action packed and quick games then you will love this. Imagine Rust or any other grindy games and take the thrill of the fight you get every 20 hours in the game that rush is amazing and heart pounding. This game has that comming at you every minute. You see people you fight you run you bait. I would stand by this game in a heart beat. I logged 20hours in 3 days.The price point is LOW I think this game is worth 20 now and id pay 35 for the final product no problem. The price point is a steal. 100% WORTH.
,Recommended,437220,21648148,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,XOSpicy🅱ada$$,"This game is actually suprisingly fun!? At first watching people play was pretty boring so I decided to try it out myself, and so far, the game actually has been pretty fun.Overall from what I saw:Graphics- If you have played Ark (the dino crap) its on the same engine. It looks nice, options are good but are a little unclear in the menu when you change them on the frame they are using (they use a shot of a dummy and shadows to show a frame of how each setting effects the look when you change it) It runs a ton better than Ark tho, so definitely worth a try.Gameplay- Fighting mechanics are actually not as bad as you would think, well, as I thought really. They are a bit.. Drab.. but it is not a big gamechanger honestly, it actually gives a ""Chivalry Midieval Warfare feel"" to me. The gunplay is a little well, drab, like if you were playing H1z1 its about the same really.Crafting- The crafting is definitely Ark... Basically the exact same interact system, but with the F.U.N.C (the game's crafing and resource) points its actually pretty well done.BattleRoyale/HungerGames- Yes, yes, another one. It is worth it though. Closest version of BR to actual Hunger Games style and I can't wait to see what they will add.Now a rather different subject. The Announcer. All in reality what I got to say is.. Shut UP! I know it appeals to immersion of Hunger Games, but seriously the repetition of this guy is insane. It's cool to hear it the first, maybe second game. But to the third its deffinitely got to go.So far I gotta say its looking pretty good and I am seriously considering purchasing it.REVISED:Yet again devs decide to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥update to promote a competitive mode instead of actually fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing game first.... Consider this..."
,Recommended,437220,21649120,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KiwiScotta,"This game is very good if you have a friend to play with, it's still decent playing alone, but it makes things much more interesting with a team mate. I would recommend this game. A few bugs here and there, but pretty well made."
76561198043218030,Recommended,437220,21650499,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chong,10/10 would spar three half nude men in balaclavas again.
,Recommended,437220,21648324,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Zach,Amazing game. Definitely was one of the best games under the radar. Gotta go game just started!
,Recommended,437220,21648399,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chicken Joe,Pepper spray > h1z1
76561198046941690,Recommended,437220,21648743,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Glazz,"Really cool Early access game.There are no game breaking bugs even though its early access. Hell, the only thing i've witnessed is 2 items dissapearing after i threw them - nothing really important.I'm hoping for more maps and more weapons, but as it is it's already worth the 15bucks."
,Recommended,437220,21651080,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AceA🅱iator,Very nice finding a chainsaw and ♥♥♥♥ing running with it like lether face !10/10 would lumberjack again.
,Recommended,437220,21652142,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pizza1124,The game is really fun and everygame is diffrent which help the game to keep going and not die off
76561198051956369,Recommended,437220,21652732,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pistolman,HUNGER GAMES SIMULATER  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT  GET IT GET IT
,Recommended,437220,21647913,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LemON,- Start the game- Try to craft some items- get chased by a maniac with a chainsaw- run out of stamina- get eviscerate- die-restart10/10
,Recommended,437220,21648274,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Snuggle Bear,Rub two sticks together= Bandages
,Recommended,437220,21649191,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MrGamingRager,"Smack to rocks together to get a knife, then use the knife on a stick to get a spear, then wack the spear on another stick and get a bow with 6 arrows.Or just go to a building and get a tier 3 weapon..."
76561198093934448,Recommended,437220,21649737,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Waaatnooow,"Gets Body armor, compact bow, man tracker, and javelin. Dies to fist10/10 would get fisted again"
76561198056341503,Recommended,437220,21651974,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KnightOfMadness92,Hunger Games: The Video Game
,Recommended,437220,21673075,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ŕάşţάмùғғίή,"Geniune, fun hunger game experience. Currently requires more balancing between items and alot more optimization."
76561198056306345,Recommended,437220,21636077,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[R&D]summerLd,"Quite fun, but i dont know if it will stand the test of time."
,Recommended,437220,21637008,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DeMarco,Great game for 15$ cant go wrong
,Recommended,437220,21647971,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,|MRDRS| WoofWoof,"If you are coming from a game like H1Z1 and enjoy the battle royale it offers.. then what i can say is you'll love this game and for what it provides. Battle Royale focused, including unique perks, and killing methods. Definitely recommend this game, how can i not at such a great price!"
76561198078357186,Recommended,437220,21648216,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rent Boi,"sticks do the same damage as steel pipes, all you need to know. other than that, decent game."
,Recommended,437220,21648548,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HugItOutBro,Awesome
76561198077980003,Recommended,437220,21649168,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NonStopGaming,After the Steam market will realesee it will be really FUN to play.for now its fun but without any prize and goal.
,Recommended,437220,21649242,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Game is easily worth the pick up, it's pretty much everything you would want from a hunger games style game. The only complaint I have is that blocking and striking is a bit weird through what the animation says and when you actually manage to hit/block, so sometimes it just turns into a cluster♥♥♥♥ of hitting and shoving"
,Recommended,437220,21649605,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,! Taz the Husky,I usually don't like competitive multiplayer games but this one is pretty good. It has a nice feel to it.
,Recommended,437220,21650170,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sagetbh,"This game is what H1Z1 should have been.Literally the best ""Hunger games"" like experience I have ever had.With the roadmap set out here, I am very confident that the best is yet to come:https://trello.com/b/swzuqjxq/the-culling-development-roadmap"
,Recommended,437220,21651519,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,OneShot,"9/11 because there is no option for a fedora (so far) that you can tip after you slaughter your enemies. Pretty dank but need more. Once added this game will be hella dank.*tips fedora*Yours truly,Oneshot"
76561197992339273,Recommended,437220,21652032,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tadashii08,Better than H1Z1 by far!
76561197975958147,Recommended,437220,21652982,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,OPOP,"This is the BR game that we deserves and the one we need right now. So you have to try it.Seriously this is the real BR game, super intense combat system. Besides some server issues, I would say it is the most fun BR game right now in the market, not that H1Z1 shi tty ""BR"" mode."
,Recommended,437220,21653172,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vorik,"Start game. Go into sewers. Fight sewer people. Kill with bare hands. Now have Tomahawk. Go around map looking to people to Tomahawk. Tomahawk guy, get his supply drop. Now have a gun. Procede to meet people. Shoot them in the face. One has a chainsaw. Now I have Chainsaw and gun. Run around center chasing people with Chainsaw laughing like a maniac. Kill 4 people by myself. Get pepersprayed and hit with Blowgun. Puking and blind swinging a chainsaw madly around. Die. Puking OP, better than chainsaw. 10/10 would puke again"
,Not Recommended,437220,33439248,Posted: 10 July,all,GreyLensMan,"I have only 2 hours in this game for good reason, its a good concept that has been utterly botched in every facet.  It tooks me only two hours of gameplay to realize that it is a fad game looking to capitalize on the all the common quick release quick cash model of all too many developers today.  The combat system is jumpy and clunky at the same time, and after only two hours I found myself both bored and frustrated with it.  Glitches and bugs are noticable after only two hours of gameplay, and though none of them are game breaking they certainly show a lack of polish in the game.  Finally servers, they are the worst part if they are not completely dead they will be slow and laggy. I give this game my stamp of [DO NOT BUY]."
76561198039231063,Not Recommended,437220,32841658,Posted: 26 June,all,Miata,"This game is dead, and cannot receive refund"
76561198032613740,Not Recommended,437220,32817792,Posted: 26 June,all,Kobarci,No one plays it anymore.It's like pripyat
76561198127737972,Not Recommended,437220,32861781,Posted: 27 June,all,braytonsky,The EU servers have 250 some people and the N. America servers have 6. Would not recomend
,Not Recommended,437220,32864746,Posted: 27 June,all,Hybris|FIN|,"It's dead, all players have moved on"
,Not Recommended,437220,32880369,Posted: 27 June,all,Bit Snowcore,"This servers are absolute crap,dont buy this garbage."
,Recommended,437220,29071349,Posted: 6 January,all,RandomGamerYT1 | kickback.com,great game to play with a mate and very entertaining
,Recommended,437220,29653682,Posted: 2 February,all,SUPERCELL_CEO,Super fun game and the staff is dedicated to this game. i highly reccomend it if your into the hunger games.
,Recommended,437220,29659656,Posted: 2 February,all,Slinky,"A very grounded Battle Royale game. The new update is amazing! Any old reviews are invalid. This game is loads of fun, even more so with a friend! I've been playing since day one but now it has new life breathed into it! BUY IT!"
,Recommended,437220,29475097,Posted: 24 January,all,209803,im having trouble with the game when i luanch it just say  luanch error go online for a soultion does not workand now i just spent my money on nothing its SO ANNOYING if you could help PLEASE by all means help me
76561198216588653,Recommended,437220,29095336,Posted: 7 January,all,Duggy_Fresh,"I would recommend this game inless you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer, but it's not the creator's fault even though i only run 3 fps im getting a new computer so that should resolve my problems for most games i have!"
,Recommended,437220,29475083,Posted: 24 January,all,I'm on Dateline NBC,"It takes time to get good, put in the time to learn, and you'll have a good time with this game."
,Recommended,437220,29657494,Posted: 2 February,all,Baked Wallaby,very good
76561198253716748,Recommended,437220,29125569,Posted: 8 January,all,AloneRanger,If u are looking for a game like the hunger games. You should stop lookings and get this :D! It is the best one you will find and its really easy to play with ur friends!
,Not Recommended,437220,22802299,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Backbite,"Youcanbe banned for absolutely no reason.I do write code, but never anything for malicious / cheating purposes.Nor have I ever knowingly tried to cheat / hack.Xaviant has not responded further on the issue."
76561198045758437,Recommended,437220,23317042,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MedicManLandon,"I normally don't write reviews, but due to the recent negative reviews of this game I thought I would.-Spawn in box like that movie Predators-Smash to rocks together and make a knife-Stab some poor guy in the back-He turns does some ninja move and gets behind me-I accidentally click the middle mouse-Knife flies into his head and he dies10/10 Would accidentally kill again.But on a more serious note, if you're a fan of H1Z1 but not so much the insta-death that comes along with it, then this game is a subtle compromise. It has no major flaws as of right now. The melee system could use some work, but a patch can fix this. Overall, try this game out, It has great promise."
,Recommended,437220,23450793,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Freyon,"Great game. A must-buy for this price tag.At the moment is in alpha state, so the meta and balancing shifts with each patch, some patches are good and some others are less good, but the devs are really trying their best.Besides, the game is awesome."
76561198027489052,Recommended,437220,21976479,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Toylo,4 people was fighting eachother with spears n daggers from a distance..  -Equiped my rifle with only 4 rounds..............forgive me jesus
,Recommended,437220,21975903,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,woodcut,just bought this game and played it for 5 hours straight. will definitely be playing many more.
,Recommended,437220,21653973,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Caesar,"Basicly this game is what I wanted ark, dayz, h1z1, rust etc etc to be.Survivalatitsfinest.& it's the cheapest (pricewise) of those too, still the best.Price probably increases after a while, so would suggest to get it soon incase you're interested.If they don't add microtransactions, or microtransactions, or microtransactions, or some other **** like that - I recommend this game !"
76561198078836858,Recommended,437220,21978825,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,j3ff,Hunger games Simulator
,Recommended,437220,22004539,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Otto McJibbers,"Just one guy left. I've waited a long time for this moment. As the green toxic gas is closing in on my butt cheeks, I pull out my knife, pop some OJ, and run to the center arena expecting an intense knife battle. I see him. I'm pretty good with knives so I convince myself to run at him full speed. I'm closing in on him. Dude pulls out a rifle and shoots me twice. I die.10/10"
,Recommended,437220,21931174,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Toxic Claudette Main,"OverviewThe culling is a game set up as a battle-royale survival game with different weapons, a good combat, system, and a class set up system.  Before you join a game you can customize your character with different apparel, perks, and airdrops.  You do not have every single item except the perks at the start and instead must earn them.  You earn your airdrops through opening them in the world.  Some of the best ways to get new ones is to use the random airdrop to get them, use random events in game, or join a team game and ask the other if you could open his to earn it.  The game has different things to use and I do not want to spoil it all for you so you'll want to look it up or play it on your own (theres some pretty cool stuff).  The game has buffs for you to use in the form of stims which is a syringe you will take to give you a temporary buff.  The game also allows you to craft multiple items and before you say they make no sense it is explained that func is something pumped in your body that allows you to create these items.  The announcer explains this in the bow room when he says that it usually takes more materials but with func its as ""easy as rubbing sticks on your bow.""  And with that I haft to mention the announcer who has to be one of the best commentators on anything.  To give you an example during the tutorial when you first learn to craft a knife he says ""please do not use these rocks to create any sort of explosive device or kill your self with them.""CombatThe best way to describe the combat system in the game is a game of rock, paper, scissors.  The combat consists of 5 things to do with melee weapons, attack, charged attack, weapon throwing, blocking, and pushing.  You can of course attack your oppenent but if he's blocking you would hit it and stagger.  If they're blocking and you want to attack you can push them so they will stagger leaving themselves open for a hit or two.  If you're oppenent is running you could throw your weapon at them in an attempt to kill them or you could chase them while having your attack charged for a hard hit.CustomizationThere is three aspects to customizing your loud out before a match, perks, airdrop, and customization (clothing).  Perks are selectable items that give you a specific advantage in game.  Recently alot of perks in the game were removed and so there is very little to choose from causing removed variability in loud outs meaning skill is a bigger factor in fights.  Airdrops are crates that can be called in after a certain amount of time for a specefic amount of func.  These crates contain items useful for the player that will give him the advantage in fights (airdrops are discussed further in balancing).  The last aspect of customization in this game is the customization (clothing).  You start with minimal clothing in the game but you earn more as you win more games.  The rarity at which you earn the clothing is determined by your rank at the end of the match, the better the rank, the better the clothing piece.  The game has support for the steam market so you can sell the clothing you don't want or buy the clothing that you do want.BalancingThe game is balanced well due to recent chamges in the crate system.  You now have the choice between four different types of air drops, early, mid, late, and utility.  Early drops can be called in at the beginning of the match and provide you with a random tier-2 weapon of the weapon category you chose, a random stim, and crude crafted armor.  These drops are for new players that cannot last long enough for a higher tier drop or from a normal player that is looking for early kills.  Mid  drops can be called in after six minutes into the game [19:00 remaining] for 100 func.  These drops provide you with a tier-3 weapon of the olayer's choice, a random stim, and reinforced crafted armor.  These drops are for players that are confident in their ability to gather the 100 func and survive until the time required.  These are the most popular drops as they provide a good weapon without a long wait.  Late drops can be called in after 12 minutes [14:00 remaining]  for 250 func.  These drops provide the player with the tier 4 weapon of the player's choice, a random stim, and body armor.  These drops are for experienced players that can fight at a disadvantage until the aloted time.  These are the least popular drops due to how long it takes to get these drops and how expensive they are.  Utility drops are the last type of drops.  They can be called in after 6 minutes [19:00 remaining] for 100 func.  These drops include specefic items that the player choose before the match.  These drops are meant for players that are using a specefic loudout so that the drop compliments the said loudout.OptimizationThe game is not optimized well for slower PC's.  If you want to try and compare your preformance to mine then my specs are a Intel Core I5-4570 @3.2 GHz, 8 GB of ram, and a GTX 970. I get 60 FPS on ultra for most the time but I get a random spike to 40-50 FPS for about 15 seconds every 4-5 minutes.  The game is capped at 60 FPS but you can remove this cap but do that at your own discretion.  I recapped the game because there were some graphical glitches on my side.ConnectionThe game only has servers in the United States, Europe, and oceania, so if you don't live in or around those places you will have a terrible connection so don't buy the game unless you want to just play offline with bots that honestly don't have very good A.I.TL;DRIf you are a fan of battle-royale survival games you should buy this game if you have a good enough rig and live in or around the United States, Europe, or Oceania."
,Recommended,437220,29376038,Posted: 20 January,all,VovOne,Back from dead? We'll find out
76561198198658203,Recommended,437220,25138927,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AlvinAndTheEquipmunks,Finally someone gets it right! Awesome idea for a game and good developer backup. Now make some new maps!!!
76561198008315317,Recommended,437220,22185573,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[FoE] LeChuck @ M0nk3y,"Well, let me start off by saying this: This game is 100% worth the 15 bucks you have to pay for it. I'm going to go over both the positives and negatives:Positive:-Cheap with no in-game store (looking at you, H1Z1!)-Constant updates (I'm one of the people who like the combat slowing down. Before the most recent patches it was just spamming buttons until you stagger someone and then spamming left click, rinse and repeat)-Fun, interesting perks-Fun, interesting weapon variety-Fun, interesting crafting system-Fun, interesting gameplay and map-High learning curve-Game encourages a variety of playstyles, all of which are viable in their own way-Devs are very engaged with the community, you can e-mail them, message them on twitter and on reddit.-In a week of playing this game, I've only encountered one hacker so far. So far less than H1Z1, DayZ or even games with solid Anti cheat systems like CSGO-Weapons are balanced: Guns are hard to handle due to heavy recoil, iron sights, and being able to knock them out of a player's hands, so they are by no means a guarantee for victoryNegatives:-Game is buggy and poorly optimized (Early acces + Unreal engine)-Combat kind of feels like rock-paper-scissors and timing your blocks / attacks / shoves doesn't really come into play much (I think Chivalry has a very similar combat system but does it better. They should take notes from that game)-Combat can become chaotic and high ping will punish you-Only one map as of nowSo, as a closing statement: I've gotten more than my money's worth out of this game, and I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to spend the 15 bucks to pick it up and doesn't mind having to play on a raw diamond that is still being refined day by day."
,Recommended,437220,23430575,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Glitchsythe,"This game is alot of fun. Solo matches, team matches and on top of that you can play privates with your friends."
76561197994622143,Recommended,437220,21701074,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pump,"still some bugs but i mean what do you expect, its only in alpha, but omfg this game is amazing, best game ever by far"
76561198110653644,Recommended,437220,29383098,Posted: 20 January,all,FishLifter,"I think the game is at a good state right now, combat could be better, but I think they are going in the right direction.I personally recommend this game, it's a lot of fun especially the team mode."
,Recommended,437220,21841714,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Farva143368,Great game having alot of fun. I just wish the bug would be fixed from the suprise air drop. It just says suprise airdrop and u get none. Other than that i would say a really great game so far. Keep up the great work.
,Recommended,437220,21846591,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Squiffy,"I am surprised that this game is so addicting. I may not have played a lot of it at the time I am writing this review, but I am confident in giving this game a 4.5 out of 5 stars. This game is the adrenaline rush that is needed by a gamer. I bought this game because i thought it looked like a ton of fun to play and when i jumped into my first game it was a little slow, but all of a sudden it is me versus this one other guy. Heart pumping, hands sweating, brain going crazy. This is by far the best game of this survivalist/hunger gamesesque games.I am not saying survivalist as in eat/sleep/build a house, I just mean in the way of surviving the 20 minute rounds. Given I have not played a lot of other ones, but the gameplay videos do not look any bit as intense as this. I am not dissing those games, I'm just saying they are not my cup of tea. Well anyway, this game looks beautiful and really makes you feel like you are 1 (or 2) against all. The only reason I give it 4.5 out of 5 is because the weapons (craftable or dropped) seem to be finite and the map seems to not change (so if you are a first time user, watch your back lol). This game is in alpha so I expect to see much more added including maps and other weapons. I am excited to see what the devs have in store for us. P.S. I have only played for 2 hours or so so I may be completely mistaken on the weapons being finite. Hope this review helps those who are like me and dont really care too much about graphics and the indepth details."
76561198132684914,Recommended,437220,22984509,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,↯RustyPlays↯,Its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nice ;D
,Recommended,437220,22013722,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Canna,"TL;DR Game is worth it if you're into Battle Royale/Hunger Games and you have a decent PC.The culling is an interresting survival game based on Battle Royale/Hunger Games concepts. The game is enjoyable and has decent replayability, but it suffers from fatal flaws. Many will use the early access argument to say that this kind of stuff is justified, but the game is one of the most poorly optimized games i've seen come out of the EA system. Not only that, the combat is terribly simplified, making 2v1 fights batshit retar|ded, meaning that running is ALWAYS the better option when meeting another team in the coop survival mode.Other than that, the game is pretty well made overall, and I am sure these problems will be fixed. I would recommend it if you enjoy the genre, but the optimisation, combat system and sometimes the bugs in the game can make a player pretty salty. I would recommend trying it to make sure you can run satisfying settings on it, otherwise auto-refund, because if you have around 30 FPS or lower, theres no way you're going to win vs decent players consistently, and if you lower your settings too much it just becomes a blurry mess."
,Not Recommended,437220,30529515,Posted: 15 March,all,Drewzah,"The game could be considered fun when there are actual players online, but at the moment the queues are ridiculously long and games are starting prematurely with not many players in them. Not enjoyable and I requested a refund."
76561198052372085,Recommended,437220,23408619,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Chuck Testa,"The game is fun and gets your heart racing. But also the devs are on top of things and the game did take a turn for the wors about a month back, but they brought the game back, updated it, fixed the combat, and its better than ever, thus is why im writting the review."
,Recommended,437220,23413846,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Garrotxa,"The Culling is the most intense, aggravating, and satisying multiplayer game to come out in a long time. What it does right, it does great. Being early access, there are some problems, but I've stuck through every patch and watched it improve. The core of the game is a thing to behold.There are a lot of people who don't like this game, and I understand why. You will be salty if you play it, no doubt. But every time you outsmart, outplay, or outcalculate all your opponents, that victory will make the suffering worth it. That's what this game is about: survive by any means neecessary.I don't feel like most of the bad reviewers have given this game credit for what it does. Most are just salty at losing more than they win. They're spoiled by games that are just two teams and so they think they should win more than they do. If you have to win often to feel good about yourself as a gamer, then The Culling is not for you. If you enjoy a serious test of skill and wits then pick it up, suffer through getting stomped for a while, and then achieve: surviving the Culling."
76561197970577492,Recommended,437220,23411942,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,swannylfc,I have gotten so much entertainment out of this game it's not funny! It's still very much an EA release but it has regular updates and I can see the game having a very bright future. For now I'll let my time spent in the game do the talking for its value.
,Not Recommended,437220,22624651,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CodyBruhh,Put so many hours into this game so good until every update they release the fighting gets worst and worst. Just uninstalled.
76561198023024057,Not Recommended,437220,23412101,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ImThatBad,I thought it looked like an awesome game but framerate made it completely unplayable and their netcode is horrible. I hope they fix it but I'm out for now. I have a GTX 970 and I was playing with the lowest video settings and horrible resolution and it was still unplayable.
,Not Recommended,437220,28823115,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,iPally,"Don't buy this game, you will regret waiting for about 50 minutes to find a match --,"
,Not Recommended,437220,28833343,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,aceshades,"This game really isnt fun unless you have like 3 friends playing with you there just isnt a point in buying,it gets reppetetive after only an hour the game machanics, oh dont get me started on them!now unless you are brainless or i is on sale for under £5 DO NOT BUY!"
76561197996887947,Not Recommended,437220,28968722,Posted: 2 January,all,Snapon,"Developers need to revert the game to how it was in march, as it is right now the game is trash.Combat mechanics are not fun at all, no balance, and no matchmaking. You'll get players with 600+ hours in every game and have no chance."
,Recommended,437220,23715315,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,paenguin,"One of the most fun games ive ever played. Now that most of the performance issues are fixed and that the combat got so much better since those terrible patches theyve put in before, ive having alot of fun with this game again!"
,Not Recommended,437220,22670353,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheDragon,"I have to admit I originally enjoyed the game when I first got this, but after the first day they updated this to their new fighting system which is down right horrible.  The game has basically become sneak to the very end or button mashing combat with no real strategy or purpose.Multiplayer with friends is not posible.  Has they'll usually spawn you and your partner 600 yards away from one another and the one or two couples that get spawned near one another just roam and kill the ones that aren't lucky.All in all this game had a lot of promise and initial appeal, but I'll have to give a very commited thumbs down."
,Recommended,437220,21698099,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Steeple,"Match startsAcquire full inventory of rocksUse Golden Arm perk, double throwing damageFind opponent, has no weaponsThrow all the rocksReady up a single charged punchSecond opponent backstabs me with a spear and ends my lifeSpears the other guy and steals my killNever saw it coming10/10 Would be speared again"
76561198331138619,Recommended,437220,26013895,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JWhittsy,"ran around with a chainsaw killing every one , then came home and did it on the culling."
76561198269255402,Not Recommended,437220,22754545,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,phil_27mo,nice idea 4 a game but the fighting is so terrible its not even fun to play.
,Not Recommended,437220,22262292,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Idiosyncrasy,"before the patch it was a great game.now its a laggy and buggy mess, and crashes alot. 25% of the game starts result in crashing.i mostly play with my friend and almost every game we spawn on the otherside of the map, in bad locations and within the first few mins we would already be getting attacked by full teams with good starting gear, so unless if you get a decent location and somewhat close to your teamate youre most likely screwed.way to many bugs and way to much lag."
76561198074460575,Recommended,437220,23148826,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,telehead1,love this game its just like the hunger games and sure there has been a few bugs but thats what early access is all about.
,Not Recommended,437220,31416948,Posted: 28 April,all,T-800,"When it came out it was a cool and fun Hunger-Games style game. Fights where thrilling, placing traps and see your plan succeed was a great feeling. Now, a year and several ""patches"" later, the game is rather broken and dead.Don't buy it."
76561198143674801,Recommended,437220,23673102,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jesus,Very good competitive survival game!
76561198100629580,Recommended,437220,23634918,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,🐾☭STITCHES_THE_FURRY_WOLF,it s hunger games the game. nice graphicks and preaty compeditive. If you ask me it s worth getting
,Recommended,437220,23635795,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Erik,"This game is great, but it isn't perfect. Many of the negative reviews you'll read probably have excellent points. Let's start with the good stuff.The core concept is something unlike anything I've ever found in a game. It's got the exhilarating, high-stakes combat of survival games, but the careful, strategic combat of fighting games.The developers have a fun concept and they've very dedicated to seeing it through. They're making excellent use of their Early Access status to constantly make changes and try new things.The bad?Not all of those new things have been successful. A lot of people are frustrated with the current changes to the combat mechanics and yearn for how it was when the game first became available to the public. I'm fine with how things are at the moment, but there have been frustrating periods of time where I felt the game was too unbalanced to enjoy.But that's Early Access. Presumably everyone bought this game knowing the risks.Another thing of note: This game's community is... bad. If you go to the subreddit, you'll see lots of whiners whining. Fortunately, you never have to talk to another player if you don't want to. The game has no chat features while you're playing - only after dying - so you never have to listen to any salty babies after you murder them with a crowbar.Overall, though? It's a fantastic idea for a game with some excellent base mechanics. You'll note how most of the complainers still have 50 or 100 hours in the game. I'd strongly recommend giving it a try, and if you don't like it within the first two hours, get a Steam refund."
,Recommended,437220,22184942,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Gavrochen,"Super fun, ignore the random whiny people who complain about balance in an early access game."
,Recommended,437220,31599625,Posted: 7 May,all,uvuvwevwevwe,dead
76561198024730064,Recommended,437220,21841071,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,redrum,"Great game, someone should have done it.Hope it won't be abandoned.As I see most effort should be toward melee combat system improvements, something like in dead island or chivalry would be awesome. Also the mimics and physics of player models when moving/fighting/jumping can be vastly improved.And more creative deaths like ability to dismember, impale, cut on half, cut limbs, burn and smash people.Overall the game is very good and interesting for its current stage."
,Recommended,437220,22041797,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Valerigo,"The culling is a fast-phased and fun game. It is a great game to play with friends, or alone. It resembles many things from the hunger games but also adds a lot of cool and fun stuff. The only thing that is not perfect is the amount of detail in the buildings and the combat system.Got two rocks, smacked them together, made a knife. Best game ever!9.5/10  Katnisses"
76561198189655015,Recommended,437220,31495864,Posted: 1 May,all,Dad,GREAT GAME
76561198076568818,Not Recommended,437220,31477709,Posted: 30 April,all,Aris,"they broke the game, why it was good at the start"
,Recommended,437220,21715409,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Trippie,"For an Early Access game, this is pretty amazing. The graphics are great, the mechanics are very well made, and the game is just smooth overall. The only complaint I have is the rarity of drops. What I mean is that I can go into a building and check all the lockers, refrigerators, etc. and still not find anything in them. This doesn't happen all the time, but it happens often. With some more weapons and more drops, this game will be even more awesome than it already is!"
76561197990878608,Recommended,437220,22185509,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Skilla Thrilla Hero OF THE GODS,"Let me just start off and say this game is fun, but the melee combat is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest I have ever seen in the last 15 years of gaming..... you can literally spam the push button and it uses 0 stam..... you can spam push and this will alow you to get a free melee hit in after the push allowing complete baddys to out push you..... not out play you and push stab push stab push stab push stab and you die... IF they can Fix or even better remove the ♥♥♥♥ing push key the game would be 10 out of 10The game has amazing grpahics, it runs great, lots of weapons to kill with, traps and its basically the hunger games, just unbalenced by complete ♥♥♥♥jobs who dont understand balance at all that being said you can check out my Youtube video of 100% gameplay combat.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pskrb7PPD1A7out of 10 only becasue PVP"
,Not Recommended,437220,24768422,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,nicholasjacob814,THIS GAME IS A RIP OFF
76561198023085322,Not Recommended,437220,24768593,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Crimat,"The culling is a battle royal type game. The concept is great and the game has quite a bit of potential. That said, in the current iteration of the game (and for quite a while now) the fighting system feel slugish and unresponsive. As i play more and more of the game i feel like i'm being cheated by the fighting loop and end up dying more often than not unsatisfied by knowing that i didn't really do any mistake and that i simply got beaten by the game and not the other player.I would recommend to wait on your purchase to see if the devs make the fighting better as if it stay as is, i couldn't say the purchase is truly worthed."
,Recommended,437220,21904033,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Masterrr,Good Game
76561198114900087,Recommended,437220,21630088,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,epsilioN | kickback.com,"Fantastic game but to many server errors. Can't connect with friends and unexpected errors, sometimes it crashes aswell!But all in all i'm gonna rate it a 6/10."
,Recommended,437220,21657915,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gus,hella fun
76561198058811608,Recommended,437220,23285326,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SadBoi,i can run gta at 60 fps on high setting but i get 15 frames on this game great bait mate
,Recommended,437220,22523835,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GWEEZY501,Love it
76561198014747249,Recommended,437220,23875543,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,digitalcody,pretty good
,Recommended,437220,23678204,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Yeakevin,"This is a great game. It is being worked on a lot, although some people are impatient and feel as though nothing is being done. This game is tons of fun and deserves more praise than it is getting."
76561198308705555,Recommended,437220,23679705,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Firefoxmax,"other than the excessive wait time to find a match, this is a very nice hunger games style game."
,Not Recommended,437220,22036322,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,^6BossNZ,No pacific servers!!! Ping was insanely high. Great game but until I can get some half decent ping I dont recommend
76561198080457684,Recommended,437220,23679617,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BRON BRON,Its fun
76561198050830167,Recommended,437220,21875310,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,WakeMeUpInside,1/10 Peeta and Rue weren't in the arena.
,Not Recommended,437220,31382550,Posted: 26 April,all,L8NiteNoodles,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥game... Definitely NOT WORTH the 24.99 price tag. Get Rust or PLAYERUNKNOWN. This game is maybe fun for the first week. Combat is absolutely AIDS. If they fixed COMBAT then I would maybe play again.
76561198151173681,Recommended,437220,30620655,Posted: 19 March,all,DeadliestWubs,"It's very fun if you can find a lobby. I mean It's basically the Hungergames only more gruesome and entertaining, I only wish there were more maps!"
76561198129914829,Recommended,437220,23660990,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Octavian,Great concept with a pretty good execution. Some things are still rough around the edges but the game is still in Early Access and the devs listen to the community and update it regularly.
76561198260242097,Recommended,437220,29368155,Posted: 19 January,all,Lt. John,"At this point 1/19/17 with this update this game has very well improved and is a better BR(Edit): 7/5/17 This game has died sadly because of the port of it to console, tried to play the other day and there was only 6 other people on would not buy right now unless somehow the player base comes back to PC or just get it on Xbox One where there is still a player base."
76561198004421862,Recommended,437220,21751721,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,dexman95,From my first match i was hooked. The pure adrenaline of hunting another player while constantly watching your own back was enough to make me shake by the end of my match. I highly recommend the game to anyone who has been yearning for a PvP survival game.
,Recommended,437220,21753545,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lobbier,"I'm running late for work... Ah, why not, I have time for one more, right?Love the tempo, craftables, environments; the audio is on point. For onceI can actually hear where the action is in a game. Truth be told, I cannottouch any other game. Whether I finish 1st or last, I'm quick to hop backin queue. This game has me!If I had to nitpick, I can't run the game with settings set high-I know thiswill be resolved soon. Waiting for items to spawn in lockers is a bit of adrag, but all the same exciting.Thanks Xaviant!"
,Recommended,437220,21743717,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,FDR,Really fun game!  The combat is really intense!  I'm really enjoying playing and can't wait to see where the devs go with it!
,Recommended,437220,21748714,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Don,The culling is a hunger games runoff and I have a blast playing it. I think the Dev's who made the game did a wondeful job. I recommend anyone who likes battle royale hunger games to get this game
76561198092990917,Recommended,437220,21743746,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,JohNWh1ck,Bough the game after they added EU servers.Hit reg is good and game is good fun .
76561197964366561,Recommended,437220,21747124,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,-nAn00k-,"addictive, compelling, deathmatch intensity!"
,Recommended,437220,21754648,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Comrade,Simply amazing
76561198004316095,Recommended,437220,21754708,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Alexander,"The ONLY game that has no microtransactions, and it allows you to sell and regain any item you obtain after a game!!!"
,Recommended,437220,23296253,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jenkum Jenkins,"If you're complaining about this game, you either haven't practiced combat enough, you're bad at predicting human behavior. or you're purely unlucky.  And in the vast majority of cases, it's almost never the third.  I usually end up in the last four people every consecutive game without fail.  Game's still trolly, as most people know, however this is not necessarily an issue worth NOT recommending this game over (assuming you understand peoples' behavior).PROS:-The mechanics are fun-the combat is simple (if you've had time to practice it)-the gamespeed is fast-winning is very addictive-there are a lot of opportunities to laugh at stupid mistakes, peoples' somewhat autistic behavior, or the announcer jokes-active devs-decent graphics (although they need more optimization)CONS:-crafted knife range is literally the same as the crafted spear, yet it looks like it deals damage when players are pulling away and/or not within striking range-sometimes you can't drop/throw items (this problem is avoidable in game)-the recyclers at several buildings can be used from behind the wall-gore/blood decals are still somewhat primitive-physics are not completely developed yet (things still look somewhat choppy and unnatural)Otherwise, if you can swallow your pride and stomach ragequitting, you'll be good at this game.  Don't sweat being killed in the first minute a few hundred times, as you will overcome it and beat players who usually choose to scrap beginning game.  And if any of you who chose not to recommend this game talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about my review, I am more than willing to post 10 different victory screenshots anywhere at anytime to show that this game is more skill and decision-heavy than anything else mentioned by anyone.Jenkum Jenkins Recommended Game Seal Of Approval 2016"
76561198126827078,Recommended,437220,23303815,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,pinindajin,"The developers seem to listen to the community and want to keep their development process transparent. They even have a public facing Trello board to allow players to vote on what issues they want to have looked at first.It's fun to play with a friend (teams larger than 2 not yet implemented but on roadmap) and due to the nature of the game allows you to have a ton of fun experiences in a short amount of time. Max match time is 25 minutes (assuming you live to be last man standing) which allows those with a life to still enjoy the survival genre while not hampering those without one.There are so many play styles with the available perks that you can play a whole day without ever doing the same build. While there is definitely a 'meta' for builds you can easily counter these or play around them so it's not much trouble.The best part of this are the fun stories and memories you have of meeting new friends and summarily attempting to kill them. At $14.99 it is completely worth your money and super fun. Even in it's pre release state I've enjoyed it more than many $60 games i've played.So now for the elephant in the room. While as of late some of the combat updates have changed the way combat is being played, I personally have not had any issues with it. It just seems like combat is different more than 'broken', though likely it is a mixture of both. If you are reading this review and wondering if the combat is in a state that will ruin the game for you I assure you it is completely fine. Just practice combat with a friend so that way when you die (which you will know why). The combat in this game while sort of a triad counter system is still heavily skill based. A good fighter can easily smash a lesser skilled player with no contest - for better or worse that is how this game is. I would argue that positioning and reading the situation is actually more important than combat skill so don't let any combat woes discourage you. This game is fun. Get it. Get func. Get rekt."
,Recommended,437220,21632887,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Turbulent,"For all those that want a simple review instead of wasting valuable playing time: Awesome game, fun to play with friends, for 13 dollars I believe your getting your moneys worth.GG - Turbulent"
76561198036133280,Recommended,437220,21817636,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sir Pigeon The 3rd of Dunecaster,"Great game , played it a ton non stop if I've learned anything from it so far Is that they need to do somthing about the guns , if you want to guarantee your self a win all you need is an air drop with a machine gun and a man tracker, let every one else kill each other and then when I comes down to a one v one you just unload a clip into him , the only chance you have at loosing is if he's got a gun. But overall great game to play with mates and have a laugh in 9-11 would cave some ones head in again."
,Recommended,437220,23304753,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Doc Holiday,"The Culling is Early Access.My experience the first Games i played:Confusion about how to craft, where to go and how to fight the first games.If you press Help you get a Crafting Table -  I would highly find it good if it would also be in written form the symbols because if you are new to the game you do hard to guess what some symbols meanNot knowing what building is called what.You get the information that a Airdrop will be delivered to a location.  Even so after some games you have been to some locations as a new gamer you are not sure what building is supposed to be what 100%.I think i did know it after the 10 Game after looking on helppages on ""Maps"" and ""Descriptions"".Perks -  At first I was scared and you tend to like to use ""Inhuman"" to not be able to be locatet and ""Scouting"" and ""Moneybag"".But after like 10 matches and watching some Twitch Videos of good players you find out that to be competitive you needto go for Health Boost Perks or Damage Reduction majorly and that most go that direction as it seems like if you do else you are more likely to loose the early combats.This counts for casual players.Of course like in every Game there are skilled players capable of going different perks but compensating it with great fightings.I watched some Video Guides from Good Players to find out how to  improve.The first big step in getting better was that good players say that the ""Hit Box"" stays up a little longer after you finished a attack.And also good players tell you how to cancel your attack with a block and then fast move to a push.This little new knowledge helps alot getting far better in fights.Func and Airdrops - As a new player you have no feeling how much Func you can collect in a given time. And you have no clue what Airdrops you should go for.I did choose Suprise Airdrops to increase my rating of pool to choose from.Now i know that most will go for a ""Mid-Cost Airdrop"".   125 Func Airdrop is reachable.FUN:I have played so far maybe 50 matches in total.  So still very new.  But the Game Concept ( Hunger Games) , the 20 Minutes and the  action and tension you feel are just what i Love.I love to be challenged and to be forced to have a hard situation to deal with.If you are new to the Culling it is hard -   but if you do your first kill you cheer!I had my first Total Win of a Match and it was very much fun to make it.I have fun to try to outsmart a enemy and when i succeed it makes me Fun.If you loose a lot of fights in a row you need to be a personality who can cope with it and get motivation out of it and not frustration.I am that person and you need to be such a person.Longterm Motivation for me:If you are a person who easy gets frustrated if he does not have a high percentage of successful moments in a Game, then this is maybe the wrong game.I for example would say i have a not good Rating but still have fun.    I would say out of 5 battles i win often only 1 or 2.That is not much and some would say bad. But it is enough for me.You will see Twitch Videos with players who have won alot of times and have the opposite - like 4 wins out of 5 battles.Be honest withyourself and see them as what they are -  the minority.Enjoy if you win once a Culling Match and see it as something special.For me that it is.Other Fun Factors:I love the Option to collect new Outfits through playing and getting Rewards.  Some Clothing is very special and Rare.This is nice.Suggestions:  Please add a higher variety of ""Reporter Comments"" to the Game.  They are often good for a laugh but currently too repetitive.I think removing the Health Bar of the Enemy would ad to the Game Fun.   The blood gives you enough hint if he is about to get killed or not.I think not knowing how much Health the Enemy has would improve the Game.-  Option:  Add to a current Perk -  Hide Health..................................................................................................................................................................I currently feel hooked to the Game and see myself looking forward when i get some spare time to be able to play it.So i can recommend it as a very Fun ""Early Access"" Game aware that they are improving the Gaming Experience.But all be aware it is a Early Access!But Fun!"
,Recommended,437220,28753894,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BaconGamer88 Gamdom.com,"In my opinion, this game is awesome! It has decent graphics and gameplay with immersive sounds. It doesn't take rediculously long to find a match and the tutorial was easy to follow."
,Not Recommended,437220,23261434,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Robo Kitty,"Ruined the game completely.Was awesome at first, Now its not worth the 15$.Wish i could get my money back.♥♥♥♥♥♥devs"
,Not Recommended,437220,32651231,Posted: 22 June,all,[TAW] Josephgrills,absolute trash at this point ur too late now PUBG has won the battleroyal genre.
,Not Recommended,437220,22754022,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,OpenDown,when you play the tutorial it runs great then you play the game you can harly move
,Not Recommended,437220,24965062,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,oblivion2k,"*Updated Review 1/20/2017*Currently playing again after a major patch which developers claim moves the game from alpha to ""beta"". There are still some very glaring bugs post-patch, such as not getting crates you are supposed to get after leveling up in the new-fangled xp system. But I imagine those will be patched out given lots of time.The biggest complaint, and the reason my review stays negative, despite my continued play for the moment, is the persistent dumbing-down of the combant mechanic to appeal to the console demographic that the developers are getting ready to port this game over to. You may hear about the ""block-stagger"" removal from other reviewers and be confused about what that's all about. Basically if you tried to hit somebody while they were blocking with any melee weapon it would stun you for about half a second. This was apparently thought to be too complicated for the console kiddies by the Xavient crew, so they removed it and replaced it with a bunch of needlessly complicated debuffs that nonetheless could be completely ignored by the kiddies when the game gets ported to the Xbox One release. And it has the veteran community furious. Check out the Reddit community at /r/survivetheculling sometime, it's anarchy.Not to mention today's patch, which made it so you can't shove somebody when you're weakened by the aforementioned convoluted debuffs. I have no words. These developers are on a whole 'nother level of disconnect from their audience, it's surreal.I cannot recommend buying this game until Xavient can show that they can develop this game in a direction that proves they actually listen to their audience, and appreciate them."
76561198079617798,Recommended,437220,23934009,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Epic Pie,Got 7 kills did 647 damage. Have a revolver with six shots just me and another guy in FFA. He pulls out sniper rifle and 2 shots me. 8/7 needs more op snipers
,Recommended,437220,21719569,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,KaMp0riNi,fun game but for now need more servers other than NA.
,Recommended,437220,21723332,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Fats,You really  need to be able to que with more than 2 peopleI want to kill my friends
,Recommended,437220,22825014,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,cut亀,"Great game if you like; hunger games type of style with survival but also mainly focussed on BR gameplay,If you purchase the game BEWARE it is still in Alpha."
,Recommended,437220,21719752,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Marv Merchants,"I ran out of ammo so I threw the gun at my enemy and killed him. The game is hilarious, fast paced, and intense, extremely fun to play."
,Recommended,437220,21675476,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jA.Wild-117,"Randomly assigned me a teammate as I started a match. Geared up before I met up with him, might've been a mistake as I found him Half dead, hitting trees to heal himself. I threw him a piece of body armor I found, as if I was literally saying ""here, take this ****er."" We then got ourselves an airdrop and geared up some more as a team. Soon we encountered our first group, killed them in a bloody battle. we regrouped and healed but unfortunately some one heard the screams of the dead and came to finish us up. My battle Brother! You were amazing! Striking like a lion! may we meet again, even if it's as enemies. Let your battles be glorious!"
,Recommended,437220,21675905,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sig Sauer,"The best part about this game over similar games is that you can use the ""Perks"" to build your character to your playstyle.Do you want to be a stealthy hunter that tracks down opponets and backstabs them at the most opportune moment? Pick the stealth perk (no noise movement), the backstab perk (40% more backstab damage), and the Mantracker perk (tracking device that tracks the nearest human).Do you want to snipe from afar with bows and ranged weapons? Longshot perk (40% more damage at long ranges), Ol' Painless (10% more damage), and Stunner (arrows cripple opponents).The list goes on, and ALL these perks are available immediately. The only unlocks are cosmetics and airdrops (once you see the air drop in game, you can choose it for your loadout)."
,Recommended,437220,21715862,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dual Wide,"Better than most battle royale mods or titles, very fun with lots of replay value."
76561198078894439,Recommended,437220,29363408,Posted: 19 January,all,Memoniak,"The new Big House update has brought this game back from the dead. I had a lot of faith in it back in the day, and now I am really happy to know that it is worth my money. I just hope the devs dont ♥♥♥♥ up and ruin the game.If you want a hunger game like experience, that revolves on fighting combat and not shooting. Then this game if for you."
76561198072084287,Recommended,437220,23710724,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Scylla,It's a great game again! The developers listened to the community and improved the performance a lot! I have never seen a FPS improvement from 20 to 50 FPS with one update :D
76561198152336000,Recommended,437220,25410949,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,minty HITMAN  hatton,good game
,Recommended,437220,22266391,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,KING POPO DONALD TRUMP,"This an amazing game. 10/10 and very addictive. If you loved the Hunger Games then you'll love this game. I especially like working with your teammate to kill the other players. When you use steam chat to communicate with your teammate, it makes the game even better.  Call in a drop, get your Katana, and you're ready to slice and dice the opposition."
76561198034026639,Recommended,437220,23024493,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Conner,ITS A GOOD GAME AS IN FIGHTING KILLING BUT TO LAGEY I THINK NOT ANOUGH STABILTY
76561198103643153,Recommended,437220,23189103,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mr Nuggets,I love this game so much it gives u hours of fu  without wanting to stop.
76561198051656402,Recommended,437220,21735234,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,91 ez,"Very cool game , doesn't seem like an alpha."
76561198074252828,Recommended,437220,21732886,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,RussianDoge,"So far best early access game ive bought. The gameplay is fun, addictive and downright intense at times. Buy this game you wont regret it :DNote: I would love to have a stat thing somewhere to see how many wins i have so far ive been screenshotting my wins lulz"
,Recommended,437220,22823476,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,prokillerbg2004,Very Good Game
,Recommended,437220,22654607,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Westruun,"Spent 15 minutes looting, crafting & scouting before getting accidentally back-stabbed by my partner 3 seconds into our first combat and immediately bleeding out.  Amazing."
,Recommended,437220,32260739,Posted: 7 June,all,HotShot,#makecullinggreatagain
76561198119307930,Recommended,437220,32213874,Posted: 5 June,all,Kantmiss Everdeen,"was fun before the servers became dead. good concept, took a while to execute, wouldve been cool to see if out of alpha"
,Not Recommended,437220,22610127,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Karamell,"I refunded, game has potential but it feels... weird or something.Its hard to describe but at the moment it feels like this game is for those who are dying for a game like this,and not for us casuals who doesnt know♥♥♥♥♥♥I also feel the crafting in this game is shait to say the least. You can pick up sticks and rocks but for some reason two stones gives you a knife, 3 stones an axe.. WTF. Two sticks for bandages yeah that makes sense...In a year this game might become a great big game, but at the moment it is dull, weird and absolutely no form formatchmaking or control of who is in a game. I do not recommend, unless you know what you are coming to."
,Not Recommended,437220,28218232,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SlaughtAy,people do not play this game anymore
,Recommended,437220,25628960,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BULLonPARADE,Like Hunger Games.  Super fun. For 15 bucks you can't beat it.
76561198020313484,Recommended,437220,21793648,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,football13tb,"I flat out love this game. Best 15 dollars I have ever spent.Edit: as of 6/22/2016 patch the game has got better in every way, fps increase, ping decrese, and gameplay got better.~football13tb"
76561198059613138,Not Recommended,437220,28393140,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dank Stain,Just tried it again for the first time since release..... wished i never bought this game.... dont think anyone else should buy this game unless your happy to wait 5 minutes between matches and just to get crapped on..
,Recommended,437220,21633165,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rossisrossis,"Not bad alone, but much better with friends.."
76561197996823624,Recommended,437220,22852602,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ViVas7,"Once you win your first game and start learning the fundamentals and no longer fear every moving player you meet but see them as F.U.N.C Points insted - This game is the sh*t! Its so god damn awesome, and i am looking forward to see what else this game will bring on the table!"
,Recommended,437220,31446100,Posted: 29 April,all,This guy's a noob ---->,"Awesome Action packed game.This game has had a lot of ups and downs lately with the updates, but that didnt keep me from having fun. It takes a little time to get any good so expect to die a lot at first. There is plenty of different ways to fight or avoid the fight, lots of weapons and strategies to try. I think the worst thing about this game was the lack of players but I hope this last update and free weekend will fix that, I even bought it for a friend.I really feel the game doesn't deserve all the bad reviews, the last update fixed most of those I think. If you want to make up your mind, watch some gameplay videos. Of course there is still some bugs and work to be done (early access)  but I like the way it's going now.Overall a very good and fun game with GREAT potential, definitely worth the price !"
,Recommended,437220,21829012,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Percivale,"So far the most fun Hunger Games/ Battle Royal themed game I've played.1. Me and friend finally meet up at a gas station2. I start looting while he's running up outside3. He gets attacked while I find weapons4. He's holding them off with a stick, nearly kills both5. He gets overwhelmed, I run out and avenge him with a machete10/10 would exact bloody vengence with a machete again"
76561198064269231,Recommended,437220,29948956,Posted: 15 February,all,Hungriestdragon,"Fun, takes a long time to get gud, but still fun."
,Recommended,437220,22049184,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,LoRd_GaBeN,there is lots of nudity
,Not Recommended,437220,32565545,Posted: 19 June,all,sh0wman.,"This was once my most played game, I would play dozens of matches in a row for its fast paced and crazy combination of play styles.This is coming from someone who was around at the time that the healing machines would heal while you could continue attacking others (good memories on rages about that)The perks were cool, having to work around builds and be smart on how to engage your enemy.Combat was fast-paced, shoving and blocking was fun (and frustrating at times), but part of what made the game enjoyableThe developers appeared to be looking out for feedback and going in a good direction for the first few updates.Then they changed combat and the perks, the end."
,Not Recommended,437220,31089522,Posted: 11 April,all,A Mallon of Gilk,Was a good game at the begining. Now queues take 7-8 minutes for games with (often) only 4 other players. Completely dead for fixable reasons but the developers seem to have no interest in the game's continued success.
,Not Recommended,437220,30941793,Posted: 4 April,all,Drumpf,"My friend and I used to play the hell out of this game, but what the other reviewers say is true. The devs somehow managed to release one patch after another that made the game worse. Many elements of the game have been damaged but what they did to the melee combat system is atrocious.My friend and I now use ""The Culling"" as an inside joke to refer to a product that will get worse with time, or reminisce about The Culling when we find a new, exciting Early Access Game with tons of potential, hoping that some patch doesn't come down the tubes to ruin it.Perhaps worst of all is the plethora of survival, solo or team-based battle royale games that have come out that utterly leave The Culling in the shadows. Thanks for the 85 hours of enjoyment, at least the first half of that time spent was truly great. What a shame. Onto the next game boys."
,Recommended,437220,31459158,Posted: 30 April,all,Giraffe,"----About Team Mode AKA cancer----Every single ♥♥♥♥ing match i get the cancer Team Mode (Becouse the matches are random)one of 3 things happens...1. another player comes along and killes me in a 1v1 (ok, fair enough)2. your team mate gets killed and you are left to fend for yourself from teams of 23. ITS YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING TEAM MATES FUIRST TIME AND HE TRYES TO KILL YOU!there being you hafto murder your own team mate whilst crying and yelling ""you were my brother Anakin""Its a great game but for ♥♥♥♥ sake bring back the option of free for all."
,Not Recommended,437220,34684096,Posted: 2 September,all,Worm,"Was a very good battle royal game at first, but now: almost no players, boring combat, no new maps and i dont see The Culling coming to top battle royal games again anymore on pc, too much competitors now."
,Recommended,437220,31493298,Posted: 1 May,all,レム,I like the culling
76561198073542169,Recommended,437220,29352606,Posted: 19 January,all,Irondouble,"I dont get why people hat this so much. The game is absolutely fun and it brought me hours of great time. I played it at start with the old combat system and i know it was better. But u heared from EARLY ACCESS??? Of course its not finished yet and they just gave you a big nice update so be happy about it. They also changed combat system again, they try new things what i realy like. And if this doesnt work maybe they bring back the old combat system but until then stop hate.I recomment this game for everybody who good a good computer because the engine is not the best but the game is realy fun if you play it with your friends.And to all haters: ""See you in the arena!"""
,Recommended,437220,26199356,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,εпσямεч,Fun game but the queue time is way to long.
,Not Recommended,437220,22812078,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/mustash84,"If you wnt a game that can literally♥♥♥♥♥♥you off in 30 minutes or less, then buy this game.Want to win this game? Either play with an overpowered glitchy baseball bat and hit every milisecond on peoples faces, b/c that's fair...or just like...uninstall.You will not be able to block anything and you will get frustrated at how bad the melee combat is. Literally mad. Angry. How do they test this game and think it's working?!?!?!?These guys are the 1% of devs and they need to learn how to give back. I bought this game and now I regret it b/c I keep playing it and i Keep getting angry!Until I found a bow build that works - and hide 90% of the time - and hide more. Bascially I just hide now until I am forced out and I try my hardest to shoot from a distance over and over and over and over because melee is just broken.Do not buy until the ""Recent"" reviews start showing positive, because right now, it's garbage."
,Not Recommended,437220,22637877,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Revolver Ocelot,"Everything is good about the game but the ♥♥♥♥ing combat. It's completely busted. If you get staggard once, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. No running, just dead. BUT IF YOU AREN'T STAGGERED, YOU CAN JUST RUN TO THE NEAREST HEALTH STATION EASILY AND HEAL WITHOUT ANY DIFFICULTY. This is a completely one-sided broken combat system that works like rock-paper-scissors. Please, fix this."
76561198120058073,Not Recommended,437220,28154697,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kevin,Game was fun when it first came out. It got boring afterwards
,Not Recommended,437220,28095624,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Devish,"This game seemed very promising when I saw people playing it on Youtube. It was fun at first, but it become boring and repetitive. The melee games mechanics could definately improved as it seems to be alittle glitched. It's an ok battle arena game but it could be better. I would recommend playing this game with a friend. It's not fun without a mate.tl;dr - It's ok but gets repetitive.Sidenote - I am very bad at this game."
,Recommended,437220,21885670,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Wip3ouT,I love that you can die and then you're done with the match...I realy have they bring out a SA server !
,Not Recommended,437220,27897016,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DemonSeed,I wholely regret getting this game and bought into the hype.
,Not Recommended,437220,34038448,Posted: 5 August,all,Queen (ENG),"The queen enjoys hunting for men in the forests and killing with whatever she can find, HOWEVER THE GAME IS AWFUL. Very few players and ,for your own safety, DO NOT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,437220,22881770,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,†Pastori†-Fin,This♥♥♥♥♥♥dosent start.... Please fix it!
,Not Recommended,437220,28017526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GreenMagiZero,Lots of cheaters.
,Not Recommended,437220,22665587,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Trump4Grave2017,"Unfortunately, after the new patch, the ability to disable shadows is gone. I could understand this decision, if the game were not optimized so badly that you need triple the recommended specs to run the game at the lowest possible settings. This game used to be good, now it is unplayable unless you have a 2-3k rig."
,Not Recommended,437220,26010351,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Snow.,"this game is good dont get me wrong, but the stupid fighting mechanic is horrible, push or block .. nothing more too it, and somehow they always get these pushes in that are no where near you, but still hit you and your stunned for like 3 seconds, and cant do anything about it... and got forbid someone blocks your machete with their hands somehow ? and you get stunned again .. for another 3-4 seconds and by then your done.. theres some stupid switch block push mechanic people do that try and trick you that sometimes works, somehow hits, and somehow ill die from it... they need to fix the fight mechanics.Graphics are nice, the entire game itself is a good game, but the Fight mechanics ruin it."
,Recommended,437220,23755379,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,I'm Above The Law,the last patch was 111111/10 it was so goodbetter fpsgood combatmore airdropsnew spawnsand a lotand a lotand a lotof bugs fixed
,Recommended,437220,25611645,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Deadly9001,It crashes alot but besides that its a great game.
76561198089063353,Not Recommended,437220,26005432,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Unseen2339,with the updade they decided to remove more perks and made shure they were my favroit they took the fun and the creativity out of the game to where everyone now can do more stright up fights by makeing shure everyone is runing the same build no more range no more stelth no more sprinting just slow ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rock paper scissors
76561198275932438,Not Recommended,437220,26099374,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Labrinth123,♥♥♥♥♥want money back
76561198011965365,Recommended,437220,21680735,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"For an early access game, this is really good. Havent came across any bug yet. Gameplay is a beauty along with the crafting. Hopefully more weapons and a dark setting will be placed on here. Anyone looking for a nice battle royal game, def get this game if you are into intense action"
,Recommended,437220,21689606,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rust,muito bom
,Not Recommended,437220,35013417,Posted: 16 September,all,otaviN,Has turned into a tremendously smelly pile of sheeeeeeeeit.
76561197966121130,Not Recommended,437220,34448571,Posted: 23 August,all,MikeySkillz,"Dear The Culling Team!Please downgrade the game to the date of June 1, 2016!This was such an unbelievable good game.I had spent so much time in this game with my best friends.You just destroyed the game from patch to patch.And i think i can talk for the whole Community.Everyone would agree with me.If you downgrade the game, you will get such a hard comeback, you would never belive.I'm begging to you, please give us ""The Culling"" back!This version of The Culling doesn't deserve it, to get called ""The Culling"".Everbody says it. IT is though to admit faults and going back to a old version. Sometimes the tough decisions are the only ones. I am not touching the game as it is now - no way. The fighting system was brilliant. If u were better .. u won. No matter what. Then came issues with the pushing and blocking.. the loot .. every patch was almost always making things worse"
,Not Recommended,437220,31402140,Posted: 27 April,all,pFM,♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Not Recommended,437220,24778042,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Tender_BootyStrokes,Wow.
,Not Recommended,437220,33999015,Posted: 3 August,all,discount booty,it was good last year and then they removed the value from everyone's inventory and broke the game so nobody plays it anymoreoh and also $10 price increase
76561198002165882,Recommended,437220,31903643,Posted: 22 May,all,dns.play,I love this game - it was and is great :)
,Not Recommended,437220,22246540,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,YUNG NIGGA ELLIOT RODGER,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game people can get shoved and then block right away and literally be invincible 0/10 would not recommend
,Recommended,437220,21672807,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Echiiro,Really fun game
,Recommended,437220,21636219,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tudy,"It's the hunger games, not h1z1 BR."
,Recommended,437220,21627045,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zyron,"Really fun battle royale type game, very fun even with it being in such early stages of development! I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Battle royale/Hunger games type games. Very intense!"
76561197960848065,Recommended,437220,21627406,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,breakthings,"BR style gameplay, an impressive showing for an EA title. Devs are on point, game runs great."
76561198009133922,Recommended,437220,21629362,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Genocide,Extremely addictive
,Recommended,437220,21629838,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,(LJ)▲,"THERE ARE BUGS.I have personally experienced 3 so far that require hard closing/crashing.This game is not polished.The Culling is addicting and plays similar to a shortened-to-20min hunger games where you spawn into the world emerging from a random box scattered accross the map which features a dome-like enclosure complete with a scoreboard in the sky. From there you start deciding how you want to play, you can choose to craft your best weapons and use your selected perks which are all unlocked in the beggining to cater to crafting costs/effectiveness, you could also select the faster sprint speed perk along with the backpack spawn and immediatley run towards any buildings and gather all you can to sell to the vending machine type resources in the game to get enough currency to call in one of a list of airdrops you choose for your character before the match starts.The experience is fun but the atmosphere is NOT SERIOUS.This is not at all a survival game, unless of course you mean survive in combat. There are no real survival mechanics in this game and thats not a problem. This is a deathmatch pure and simple, find your weapons, set your traps, and kill or be killed."
76561198030602258,Recommended,437220,21673632,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,potatoatak,"This game currently feels like a really good mod. As the developers and the store page mention they are ""building The Culling from the ground up as the first stand-alone entry in the battle royale genre."" What this means is the devs have creative and architectural freedom in every aspect of the game.I am extremely excited for this game. The potential is almost limitless. Since its not being published by an AAA title the devs have to actually try and care if they want to be successful.Really fun in its current state, excited for its future."
76561198074875271,Recommended,437220,21647349,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SuckleMeBungels,No russians YET10♥♥♥♥♥
76561198142970091,Not Recommended,437220,33639699,Posted: 18 July,all,Volcanix,Was good before they jacked the graphics and now my computer cannot run it very dissapointing.
76561198056843840,Not Recommended,437220,32140640,Posted: 2 June,all,wuyucheng2018,they keep changing things and not a good way
,Recommended,437220,21649134,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Grease Nut,such a good game.pros:-no lag-fun-addictive-just like hunger games-combat is really good-no lag-also i find that its good that the game gives out cosmetics really easily instead of micro transactionscons:-none
76561198074920616,Recommended,437220,21628988,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Citizen Snipps,Chased people with a chainsaw 10/10 would Leatherface again.Seriously though improves upon all elements of other BR style games with a refreshing and comedic twist!
76561198079521157,Recommended,437220,21636350,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rats Rats Rats,For early access this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
76561198092563412,Recommended,437220,21646945,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chillbacca,I was killed by a flying chainsaw.  10/10  Would be Patrick Batemaned again.
,Recommended,437220,21673393,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Slothz Second,very fun to play with friends. Just like the hunger games
,Not Recommended,437220,22395146,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Memakai,same optmization as ark....terrible
,Not Recommended,437220,31436841,Posted: 29 April,all,Ludak,this game sucks atleast for me
76561198013411837,Not Recommended,437220,34683001,Posted: 2 September,all,Krato,What a sad state of afairs. The game was brilliant when it first came out but a mixture of Devs not listening to it's community and updates which completley destroyed anything fun about the games combat made it another one of those titles that will never come out of early access. Hopefully it can be revived but with PUBG being recently released i highly doubt it.
76561198255541312,Recommended,437220,30754341,Posted: 26 March,all,Catbob11,Love this only problem is amount of players. I'm not sure why it isn't more popular though as it is a great game.
76561198202357971,Not Recommended,437220,31437790,Posted: 29 April,all,Dr.HotTamale,Played this game allot in the alpha until they took almost everything away came back to the beta when it was released to see if they fixed they servers and match making and guess what no they fuken didn’t a level 4 going against a level 193 no life like wtf I’m glad I quit wish I could get my money back not recommending this game to anyone. Every time now that i play it just a disappointment.
,Not Recommended,437220,33618450,Posted: 17 July,all,Artaimis,Ruined combat system a year ago and have never fixed it
,Not Recommended,437220,33656971,Posted: 19 July,all,^0          MW2_G0D,"Game had a good start but then it slowly lost its population due to its style. Somehow you get bored easily from this game. Anyway Europe servers are all empty at the moment, it should get disabled in Europe to prevent people waste their money and time on this product."
,Not Recommended,437220,34189739,Posted: 12 August,all,MooN,I think this game is dead and too expensivePlease give my money
76561198306833267,Not Recommended,437220,33681364,Posted: 20 July,all,TFA,WHY
,Not Recommended,437220,34011223,Posted: 4 August,all,Jaker,"The Culling started off as a great game, very fun to play (even if I never won) and it just went downhill at some point. I had taken a break from it and came back some months later to find it's trying to hard to immitate Overwatch's crate system (it seriously had the same presentation.)I don't know if they've fixed any of the bad changes since I last played because I really didn't feel like playing something trying too hard to be an Overwatch clone. I do hope they fix it, because The Culling was a great game."
,Not Recommended,437220,34307188,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr.PedroMartinez,"I only played a little with my friend when this game was new, but since then i never played it again. so i decidet to play it again after all the time..... i must say that it sucks now. the way it was before was way better. gonne deinstall it and maybe never play it again. bye"
,Recommended,437220,29659793,Posted: 2 February,all,Dual Nuggeretta,this game got amazing after the updates all who put it down are just salty idiots i has improved and will for ever be an origanal consept so thumbs up!!!
,Not Recommended,437220,34060657,Posted: 6 August,all,Boobiesaur 3,"this game went from 10 to 1 since the first time i played it , i really hope they can see that and that they will downgrade the game to the last enjoyable version"
,Not Recommended,437220,34116441,Posted: 8 August,all,Blackdiamondz,"It hurts so bad to give this game a bad review. It was my all time favorite game in its prime. I could play it for 12 hours straight and only get off to sleep and wake up and do the same thing again. Don't be confused with that sentence though, this game is terrible. They ruined it... It was nearly perfect and they changed the whole game. Now it is a dead game that only seems to have people playing it on console :("
76561198135010459,Not Recommended,437220,34525131,Posted: 27 August,all,0w0meow,"Dont buy it if you are in Asia. There's no Asian server so it's really really lag. Most importantly, now it keeps saying fatal error and i cant even start this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ IT!!!!"
,Not Recommended,437220,34700778,Posted: 2 September,all,Shawn Wolf,"Spent a chunk of time on this game back when it was good. Even the tutorial was enjoyable back when I bought the game. I always found a match and (during the matches that my team mate actually managed to connect) I managed to enjoy the time I spent playing the game. I even won first place with a team mate in a few matches, and wound up with a cosmetic that i sold for four dollars.The Big House update was a cancer that was never cured.RIP Culling."
,Not Recommended,437220,35259804,Posted: 28 September,all,^2Nathan3197,It More Dead them MWR. When i got this game i was really hoping to have fun but after bad patches and bad patches the game slowly die. now there like 4-16 player online which make finding a game so hard now.
,Not Recommended,437220,35312882,Posted: 29 September,all,Natendragon,"The game was at a good state, even when its optimization was absolute trash. Gameplay wise, it was solid.The developers have been stripping away all the good stuff, to the point where it's just bad. I recently thought about it and I'm seriously missing my $15 (it was cheaper when it was better, figures)."
,Recommended,437220,29454010,Posted: 23 January,all,MP Nbgyguy,its kinda laggy ( might just be my wifi) but besides that its a great game! but i dont think its worth 27 bucks....i think its worth like 18 or 16 bucks.
76561198104494724,Recommended,437220,29737865,Posted: 6 February,all,King_JelleBeatz,After the new update i can't play the game any more.before the update i could play the game.i hope there is a sollution for it.because the game is fun
76561198000341813,Recommended,437220,29739993,Posted: 6 February,all,DJ Satellite,Has a cool plot and some fast paced survival gameplay
,Recommended,437220,29432970,Posted: 22 January,all,Beastmatt,"The new update brings life into the game again. I would give it another try, especially if you stopped playing like me. Still has some issues here and there, but it's nice to see that the developers are going about trying to fix things,"
76561198146411636,Not Recommended,437220,33755926,Posted: 23 July,all,Nexx is a aquadecapentasexualgen,Don't buy it nobody is online and the game is unplayable
,Recommended,437220,23034480,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DӦӦ⊥^⊥ӦӦᗡ,This is Hunger Games!!!!!
,Recommended,437220,21759689,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Triple Nutted Barbarian,"Last 2 teams standing. Friend beats other guy to death. Friend gets blow up by my claymore??? I have 3 health, I'm bleeding and poisoned. I throw my bat in frusteration *nails last enemy standing in the forehead and he dies* *WINS THE MATCH WITH 1 HEALTH*10/10 would throw my bat in frusteration again."
,Recommended,437220,23358189,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ali,"60$-AAA-Title, 30h playtime: Recommended ""So great!""15$-EarlyAccess-Title, 150h playtime: Not recommended ""They patch the game! How dare they!""If you are not a little ♥♥♥♥♥ complaining about every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because you are bad at this game then you'll love it. Out of 16 players 15 will lose. Get over it.Also: It's early access you dib♥♥♥♥♥. It will change a lot. If you want the finished game wait for it."
76561197979757224,Not Recommended,437220,24493295,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,derelict,"There's a good underlying game here, but it's wrapped in an extremely frustrating package. The total lack of match making means that better players will hunt you down and kill you quickly, so despite queues being not particularly long, you'll probably spend about as much time in the queue as in the game. There's probably a snowball effect here too where players who picked up the game near the start didn't have to deal with veteran players knocking them out extremely quickly, and so were able to get sufficient combat experience to improve at a reasonable pace.Pros: The Rock-Paper-Scissors combat system, and the perk crafting and weapons systems do seem well-balanced. The corny announcer is pretty good.If you're willing to spend 40-50 hours being farmed, I'm sure you'd reach a level of skill that would make the game fun instead of frustrating. Personally, I don't have the patience for that."
,Recommended,437220,22144077,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Vizionthing,Was 8/10 before 3/30/16 patch. Now melee is sluggish and horrible. Bow players got heavily buffed. Many melee perks were nerfed. Game now feels 4.5/10 with changes. Hoping they get reverted.
76561198285291665,Recommended,437220,21866391,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,MaryWanna,this game is amazing love it
76561198137991767,Not Recommended,437220,24559967,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bobolightning30,I picked up this game during the steam summer sale and loved it.... until now.. The game has a history of being unbalanced especially with anything ranged... Melee combat is still FUNCtioning (lol) but ranged still seems to dominant in many places. Firearms have always been looked down upon because they have crazy clip sizes and do ridiculous headshot dmg. Until this update where it reduced that crazy OP feeling of firearms. But now the guns cost an insane price that make them unobtainable. With guns being the only real counters to archers this make archery more appealing. On top of that bows were buffed with long shot dmg by a whopping 60%!!! Trust me this game is quite fun but the devs don't give 2 ****s about what you want or what you think.Update 1The game's community has decreased especially in team game mode. Not everything I said was entirely true. You can still get guns but it makes them a grind to get. Somehow I still see myself coming back to this game over and over again. Bow kiting is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and people constantly do it. Stun guns are nerfed but still usable which is pretty nice since they practically immobilized you. I've found an entirely new perspective to the game with my friend. Just have fun and release your inner savage on 22 other people. If you have that mentality you'll quickly understand that this game can be hilarious and fun.Update 2A new meta has found its way into the culling and it will make you cry. Axe classes are the new thing because of 2 perks. Chopper now reduces and axe's charge time by 30% and Mangler applies 100% dmg to stamina which is f**king ridiculous. Why fight somebody when most of your stamina is gonna run out anyway? Yes this can be countered using the perks Big Lungs and Recovery but that takes away 2 useful perk slots that could be used for something else. Axes and spears have relatively the same range so spears won't help. The only way to get a fair fight is by playing lightning round because everyone has the same perks and starts with the same equipment. Until axes are balanced I would not recommend buying this game.
76561198093983287,Not Recommended,437220,23389070,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jasonweerawardena,"The game is near damn unplayable in its current condition, the constant fps drops and unbalanced abilities tied with the what is now impossibly expensive airdrops make this game a shell of its former self, I used to be able to run this game just fine but now I get 5-10 fps, something has changed so i will not recommend this game until it is in a better condition"
,Not Recommended,437220,23129239,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Anthony BBC,garbage patch dont buy
,Recommended,437220,22044629,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cave Goblin,The Culling.
,Recommended,437220,22234821,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shimoariku,"Played for like 6 hrs straightYou get drops (either win or lose) to make you feel special in any outcome :P(Unless you die VERY EARLY in the first 2 mins of the game)Felt special so i wrote a review.Drank chocolate milk, did my laundry, washed the dishes cuz i felt special.Then i forgot i was writing a review.10/10 would feel special again"
76561198125794184,Not Recommended,437220,31442594,Posted: 29 April,all,Krambit,1. play 2 person game2. teammate spawn across map3.get rext by two people full geared 2 secs in to game4. worst game on steam id rather play no mans sky
,Recommended,437220,22200770,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jaeger,Ignore all the naysayers citing the March 30th patch. They hotfixed it April 1st. This game is great!
76561198100170288,Recommended,437220,23955618,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Professor Keno,"Been watching The Culling on Twitch for quite some time and finally picked it up during the Steam Summer Sale when I planned to nab a few titles. Finally had my own ticket to the island! I went into the game feeling so familiar with it, immediately grabbing a rock to craft my first knife to run like a gleeful bloodletting child. I thought, hey, I know this, I've seen so much fighting it'll just be rock-paper-scissors when it comes to melee combat!Oh god, I was so wrong.Combat is more complex than it looks, and does require strategy and juking of your opponent. When I first started I couldn't land hardly a single hit, and tripped over my mouse buttons in panicked confusion, even when I had better gear. I distinctly recall dying with a tier two weapon to someone who was unarmed. Ranged combat wasn't any easier, as the game's hitboxes are on point, and an arrow or projectile needs to legitimately strike your opponent to make contact and aiming took some skill, especially with throwing.But, with being ""culled"" all a part of the battle royale experience and the fun of competing, I practiced and stuck with it. Hit up the bots to learn aiming, and took my time with real players to figure out melee. And, you know what, it feels really good to do well. The skill curve makes getting a kill satisfying, and something as small as successfully blocking; bouncing your opponent back with an energetic thud; feels both exciting and scary, as that player has the same chance of pulling their own strategies to stop you. Beyond that, when compared to other battle royale type games, combat here is close and personal. You can only stay at range so long, and you'll be fighting for your life.Last night, I won my first game. It felt so - freakin' - good. Five kills, and hard won. One of those kills was a long distance rock throw on someone whom wanted to escape after attacking me. Ping, right off her head. The game leaves you with moments that can blow your mind, and I was straight up amped for an hour after finally winning a game, only one blow away from dying myself after having an interesting conversation with a stick of dynamite at the culmination.TLDR; the game feels very good. Rewarding, tough, competitive combat, with a lot of different ways to approach it. Many feels to be had!I also get a full 60 FPS on my 760-SC with most settings on High, for those curious of performance."
76561198118199971,Not Recommended,437220,22385671,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TheManlyMenelaus,"First off, I get that it's in early access, and I hope to god that it changes drastically in the months to come, but as of now, The Culling is something you should stay away from.The best way I can describe the combat in this game is to say it's a bootleg Chivalry. It's like it took all aspects of Chivalry combat, and then just built the foundation with no optimization at all. Hit detection is awful; you never know if you hit them or not some of the time. Bare hand blocks can block spear and knife hits, but the second you toss a rock, you're now stunned. Makes sense, right? It's said that to block something, you have to be facing the direction that the hit is coming from. Well, when the blocking works 50% of the time, it's hard to really pinpoint when to do it or not. But it doesn't stop there. Imagine this crappy combat with the stuff stated before, on top of there being guns that slaughter you within seconds, darts that make your vision messed up and leave you stunned for one second every five seconds, a perk that if someone throws a weapon at you, it takes 50% of your health, and just mix all of that in with FPS drops ranging from 1-5fps, and 10-15 fps in the midst of combat.Again, it's early access, so don't expect any other maps or game modes or weapons or anything besides one map, one game mode, and a decent amount of weapons. Stay away from this mess."
76561197983123505,Recommended,437220,23407241,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jmanthethief,Each patch has been better than the last. Haven't been more excited to get home and play a game in a long while.
76561198013721179,Recommended,437220,21747796,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PostmasterP,This game will be amazing once they sort out they griefers but in it's current state i can't go 20 minutes without someone killing me for no good reason.
,Recommended,437220,21744445,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PRESIDENT BANNON 2016,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's like a real life Hunger Games.  Please get it so I have someone to play with :)
,Recommended,437220,21744460,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MartabakKeju,"I love this game, pls add SEA Server. I very interested"
76561198055467313,Not Recommended,437220,28889510,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HappyMiles,"Game was so ♥♥♥♥ing fun, played it all day and couldn't wait to get home from classes to play this, then it just lost it's luster, stopped playing it and went back, it was cool and played like a game a week but there were like 10 people in a game, nobody was playing and all my favorite things about the game (the perks) were gone. This was a great game, but now I just can't play a full match."
,Recommended,437220,22268993,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zelba,"It's basically «Hunger Games The Game».The only downside i can think of is poor optimization and no map variations.Some new equipment would be cool too, but i guess they'll add it along the line."
76561198085436054,Recommended,437220,21737852,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,i like my dads batty,Threw a Machete at a someone head. Won. 10/10
76561198075448755,Not Recommended,437220,22968833,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Roman,"Fighting some guy, I had a tier 4 axe, he was on around 10 health. Threw my axe with all my strength, hits him, does 5 damage to him. He takes my axe and kills me 0/10"
76561197992469862,Recommended,437220,23722027,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,clenbuterol,-
76561198055962169,Recommended,437220,21631844,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,CosmicGaming,Great game so far i got the chance to play the game in close alpha and it was great but i hope they stick with this game and improve and add more thinks like weapons new island and maybe new game modes. I have a group of friends and the only problem is you can only be a team of 2 which isnt a problem but it would be cool to see maybe 2 teams of 8 players against each other. Also im hoping they could do something more for the winners i dont know if you get better clothing items for winning but maybe custom weapon skins or a leaderboard to show your stats i do know it is a early game and im not complaing it is great fun and cant wait to jump back in so far so good 10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,437220,31175199,Posted: 16 April,all,Glaxe,"Huh.. TheCulling the game that people expect to be the Hunger Game as well how people expect the game actually gonna be. Overtime this game become less likely to play cause of the lack of connecton,servers,player, and lag. Even though my Gaming Laptop have reach the recommended system the game need and a good Wifi connection. I still have issue on the game where it have connection problem and lag spike half of the game. Based on my opinion you rather spend you money on something way more better than this crap."
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,437220,28829055,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Supreme Petters,"> searches for a match> ""average wait: 1385min""> uninstalls"
,Not Recommended,437220,22041252,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Kazuto Eleros,"So at first I thought this game was great, until I realised the abundance of ♥♥♥♥♥iness that comes with 80% of early access games, one of them being that if you vs someone with a worse connection than you, you also suffer from their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection instead of them being the only ones to suffer... ie. Attacking someone who is mid swing to all of a sudden being blocked because on their end of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection they were blocking but on server end they were still in the attack before, so the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and unrefined as most Alpha's are so in this point in time would not even reccomend to my worst enemy even as a troll, that's how♥♥♥♥♥♥it is. Has the potential to be a good game if the developers aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, let's see how that goes.EDIT: I have since played this game even after multiple people have told me that they have fixed a lot of their ""net code"" problems but this trash is still dodgy, GG Waste of money and would refund if could."
76561198166882543,Recommended,437220,29854071,Posted: 11 February,all,walrusiscool,It's the hunger games done *almost* right8/10
,Recommended,437220,22194161,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Иoττelling,Fun gameFunny game
,Not Recommended,437220,28125877,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ManekiN3ko,"First I'd like to say this was my favorite game for a long time.I'd like to draw your attention to this... (513.9 hrs on record)This was one of the best games I ever played. Now it is irritating and pointless and a completely different game.- Almost all your customization options have been taken away.- Every update is negative.- There is no longer strategy you MUST run directly to the next player and attempt to kill someone or you're at a terrible disadvantage.- Hope you like spending average of 10 minutes in the queue for 5 minutes of gameplay.- The queue will never end in the morning no one is playing.- One patch was so broken the matches ended after the first person was killed.- Often your inventory will be hidden so you can't see what you have in your backpack (this has been broken for like 90% of the games existance.Notice all the positive reviews of this game are old or people trying to be ""cute"" with ""story reviews"".Here is how the update process works for the culling...Devs: We have prepared ham sandwiches for all 100 of you players. Enjoy.99 out of 100 players eat their ham sandwiches happily and enjoy them.1 player cries and screams that he doesn't like ham.Devs: NO HAM EVER AGAIN. HAM IS GONE. NOW YOU HAVE BREAD.99 players don't like it but eat the bread.1 player cries ""I hate bread!""Devs: NO BREAD AGAIN EVER"
76561197975463564,Not Recommended,437220,22188520,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tomgreen,"Loved game a week ago prior update. Last update was a downgrade and now were getting compromised half patches instead of reverting to the cleaner and more enjoyable version. Its a bit scary to be honest. Taking a break from the game played it relentlessly before but now I don't enjoy it since the update at all I hope the devs understand I'm not alone in this change. Nobody had issue with last version, people have issue with this version. Lost trust in devs for time being we will see."
,Not Recommended,437220,22726762,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Deadgirl ♡( ◡‿◡ ),it's great
76561198038862043,Not Recommended,437220,23182437,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[Itz]Havok,"The idea of the game is genius but the actual gameplay lacks smoothness. The fighting physics engine is terrible and the hack and slash aspect is not very good. So in sum, sweet idea but bad execution."
,Not Recommended,437220,23126509,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Schtolteheim,"This game has a great concept and incredibly witty writing, as well as decent graphics, but that's all I can recommend it for at the moment. The game, befitting an alpha title, is very poorly optimized, has unbalanced and laggy combat, and remains rife with exploitable strategies and perks. I'd recommend waiting on this game until it presents itself more solidly, despite how addicting it already is."
,Not Recommended,437220,23126203,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Soose,"Combat was a great part of this game, its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Uninstalled the game to save myself from any impulsive hope in a patch fixing anything."
,Not Recommended,437220,23193217,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ShatteredFemurr,"See this game WAS fun. It's still in early alpha and I get that it's going to change, but the FUNC system and the combat is ruined now. All you do is spam shove and left click and whoever has a weapon with tier 3 speed will win. FUNC system is broken. Basically, you would get FUNC as a currency for kills and by exploring the map (amongst other things). You would use the money to get an airdrop which help you out by giving useful items.However, the game is now broken with this system by an airdrop going up anywhere from 120-250 FUNC, 250 being the better airdrops. You only get so much FUNC per game and 200+ is pretty difficult to get.I used to play this religiously. However, until the game is fixed, I can't recommend this game to anyone so it's going back into my library for awhile.Devs, if you read this. PLEASE fix the game back to how it was."
76561198068728681,Not Recommended,437220,23125246,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,xHoLy_mUT4nTz,"Latest update has completely ruined the game, used to a fun, enjoyable game, now it's just of mess of Bullsh*t and luck, not to mention the amount of hackers at the moment. Latest update has ruined it.EDIT: Gets worse with every update, Please Devs make it into a fun game again."
,Not Recommended,437220,23014062,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,✪ Enzo,"New update ruined it, used to be fun but now the comabt mechanics are broken and the game will randomly crash out of nowhere. The game has potential to be really good but until the devs fix it I wouldn't reccomend buying it."
,Not Recommended,437220,31188367,Posted: 16 April,all,wknd.,"Can't open the game, I tried everything, were a nice game, now It's just a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,437220,31110311,Posted: 12 April,all,Nom Nom,A game that got boring very fast. Would not recommend buying it
76561198052188643,Not Recommended,437220,31404262,Posted: 27 April,all,Ðesert™,Don't buy this!
,Recommended,437220,23847597,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cat®,"A fun and exciting take on the Battle Royale genre, though with flaws. Devs are slow to address issues, and seemingly not always on top of things. But overall, even as it stands now in early-access; it is a solid game and worthwhile to get invested in. Some teething issues but I at least find it great fun and one of my favourite games the past year."
,Recommended,437220,25596419,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MrxBrownx25,"love the game, wish the locker glitch was not there tho..."
76561197961876138,Recommended,437220,23846119,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Octavian,Great game.  More content with each patch.  Devs are doing a good job balancing it.  Worth the money.
,Not Recommended,437220,26056009,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shepard,This used to be a great game. Now it sucks.
,Not Recommended,437220,25444102,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Dopeythe Gamer,THERES NO ONE ON
,Recommended,437220,25185187,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tough Guy,"Let me preface this review by saying I recommend it. I have over 285 hours in this game so I believe I am qualified to write a review. Before you buy, understand that it is early access. It is still in development. Please understand this. The skill gap between someone new and a veteran is enormous but after playing the tutorial and several Free For Alls, you should pick up the combat pretty quickly. I recommend even playing bot games and fighting the bots as soon as possible without looting. Also, as a Tough guy, do NOT run away from fights but if you call people out about it you will be banned from the subreddit/discord by people like IRLAlex who is powerhungry and NOT tough."
,Not Recommended,437220,22211641,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hyper223,It sucked returned it 1 hour after purchase poopy pc's stay back or youll just be wasting 16 bucks
76561198080548743,Recommended,437220,22147070,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Nazarene,the new update today ruined the game. I loved it before this update just ruined it. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX BACKSTAB
,Not Recommended,437220,25876325,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Enthrone,"Initially a good game, made progressively worse by each passing update."
,Not Recommended,437220,32076220,Posted: 30 May,all,inconspicuous rhino,"Used to be a fun game, but was ruined in a recent patch. They also deleted my in-game items and gave me nothing in return. Will not be supporting this developer in the future."
76561197995139401,Recommended,437220,22022944,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,2x4,"I realized how I've missed this type of games, since I stopped playing War of the Roses and War of the Vikings.It all comes down to killing all other competitors and be the only survivor on the island in a 25 minute battle royal style death match and using dominantly melee and throwing weapons, with a scissor-paper-stone type of combat (actually combinations of pushing, hitting and blocking, wherein successful blocking applies a short stun for your opponent, and pushing a blocking player applies a short stun to the player that was blocking) where it's all about one's skill and not just spamming attack button.Recommend to players who liked melee FPS games like WoTR, Mount and Blade or Chivalry, as well as to all the bloodthirsty ones out there."
,Recommended,437220,21627340,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kajzer,I've played Alpha and since the first match i wanted this game so much. Best game ever
,Recommended,437220,21649869,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Codrew,"It's like the hunger games, except it doesn't suck major♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,437220,21626782,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Snapper,"good game played it on alpha a few days ago,well worth the price,hopw it will get regular updates and more content solid game,"
,Recommended,437220,21649886,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,☢ Charles Bartowski™,"After playing it for a little bit, i got to say.... its actually a good game. It takes the H1Z1 Battle Royale aspect and upgrades it (if that makes sense) you can craft to make various weapons e.g Bow & Arrow, Spear and get alot of kills xd. You can upgrade your players perks (Performance) your Clothes can be changed to your liking (Have to unlock clothes/items) and you can just have overall fun with it. I would rate it 8/10 (Maybe 7/10) due to it still being in Alpha so there is going to be some flaws but hopefully it will progress and be an even better game."
76561198250275494,Recommended,437220,30377999,Posted: 7 March,all,Dead$hot,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,437220,31316078,Posted: 23 April,all,Vaginal Discharge,dead
76561198249361070,Not Recommended,437220,22078478,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,PubStarLOL,amyone wanna buy this game i am willing to trade it for steam monet $13 dollars hit me up
,Recommended,437220,31443832,Posted: 29 April,all,[DG] Atom,"Nice, good combat style, really laggy though! But overall the game is pretty good, check it out if you are looking for something fun and addictive to play!"
76561198044554391,Not Recommended,437220,33911056,Posted: 30 July,all,holothewolf,Was my favorite game when it came out. THe devs ruined it and now no one plays it anymore. Really sad dont buy
76561198382775374,Not Recommended,437220,34607716,Posted: 30 August,all,NO friends,if you are looking for a game dont buy this one
,Recommended,437220,21633408,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Hemp,Yes
,Recommended,437220,29136296,Posted: 9 January,all,Obi-Wan Jabroni,AMAZING GAME. Should be an automatic buy.
,Recommended,437220,22012150,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,isaacfess,"Well, Its finaly here, THE GAME IS OUT BABY!First things first, I love this game so much. It's so addictive when you start to get the hang of it.So now for the actual review, The game is basicly the hunger games but alot better! (Because you dont actualy get killed in real life.)Spawn in, get loot, Kill KILL KILL!When I first one the game it was such a rush of excitemnt and my heart was racing.Just take my word for it, when you get the hang of this game. you will LOVE it.OLD EARLY ACCESS REVIEWIf you like Dayz and can handle some comedy in your game then The Culling is the game for you!Ok well i love survival games in any type so i loved this. theres not much else to say its just a really awesome game!8.5/10EDIT: Recently the game has gotten slightly worse with the combat.EDIT 2: The Big house update has made the game better than it has in a long time."
,Recommended,437220,30270890,Posted: 1 March,all,I only buy r8 m8,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,437220,35504342,Posted: 5 October,all,Sonico,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIs dead, nobody plays it anymore...It was a good game during the first months of Early Access, but the updates made it worse patch after patch...A bad support from the developers leads to this: 14 people online playing it at the moment.Would you want to pay 23€ for an online multiplayer game to play with less than 20 people?I guess no.So... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,437220,22058382,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,clckwrkrng,"Although the game has a very interesting concept, I can not recommend it yet. There are 2 major reasons for that:absolutely terrible ping (I live in the centre of Europe and get 120-170 ping in every match)poor optimization (30-50 fps on any settings in a game with almost empty map with dozen of empty buildings and graphics like in Far Cry 1, how is it even possible?I could even put up with optimization, but high ping makes it absolutely unplayable, all your skills and reaction don't matter at all, the one who has better ping wins.The game has a lot of potential and I hope that the devs will polish it so I can change my review."
76561198067878286,Recommended,437220,21882795,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Authentic,"UPDATE (11/11/16): Game's not great now. It was one of the best games ever for the first month but all the updates and changes just made it worse. If they released a version that was the original Early Access build I'd try it again. Original reivew below.PROS:1. Quick and easy crafting of weapons, traps, and utility items; better than just picking up random guns.2. Perfectly timed rounds (25 mins); doesn't get boring and keeps you on your toes.3. Team play (2 person teams at the moment); even more fun surviving with a friend.4. Awesome developers; they are balancing and improving the game based on feedback5. Build diversity: perks, airdrops, numerous weapons and other items to keep things interesting.6. Guns are not the end all be all; they are powerful but are limited and expensive7. Hackers are being addressed early on in the development and are rather rare. (I've met 1 in nearly 30 hours of play)8. Too many positives to mention here!CONS:1. Some concerns such as team spawning distance have yet to be addressed at the time of this review.2. Many people may dislike the melee combat and call it ""clunky""; do not expect Chivalry level, but it is solid. Watch a gameplay video to get a better idea.3. Occasional high ping creates latency problems (US server)In sum, I recommend The Culling to fans of battle royale and survival games with a combat and crafting focus."
,Not Recommended,437220,23396983,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,P0werP1ay-,"So I have more than 1 friend so we all get the game. We try to invite eachother into a party so we can all play together but cant. So we split up into partners. We click the find game all at the same time but no matter what we do, we cannot play this game all together. Only 1 partner in a party is not true Multiplayer and they have ignored this fact.Welcome to the culling. refund while you still can!"
76561198082710692,Not Recommended,437220,23396623,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sallem Ima Bird [HFG],"Once a great game in my eyes quickly lost its flavour. The main problem I see is that teaming even if its not allowed and has a report option is rarly delt with. The rewards are laughable not even making me feel like im earning anything back from my purchase.Glitches where you join a game and perks dont work, explosives point blank dont damage your enemy. Over powered options. Unless your prepared for some options people choose you have no chance ranging from ranged to up close combat.Stealth is laughable I have yet to be able to hide in any bush even with the camo clothing if you got low enough quality you look like a rock trying to hide in whiskers.Then there is the rediculous time it takes to get into game on team or FFA and team rarly is worht it cus if people dont like your name they suicide and your left alone. Teams are punished and singularitys that can be abused are rewarded, constantly feel that even if i have the speed boost and stamina syringe people catch up to me like its nothing with no bonus.Its a waste of money seeing as how they are not seeming to even try and make people feel like they made a smart purchase. ""play this and if you win you can do this"" Its a good game for a short bit but after that it gets too repetative and you quickly get sick of it."
,Not Recommended,437220,22193894,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Phoenix,"It used to be fast and fun before the 30 March Patch , now its meh. They tried to improve it with a hotfix on 1st April but its still sh!t since they didn't even revent half of the slow pace ZZZZZ changes.Not to mention the fact that do you should no expect half of your attacks/shoves/blocks to work since , they won't. Networking bugs and stuff like that.Edit : 28/4/2016 , they managed to make the game even worse in the recent patch of 27/4/2016Spears are broken specifically Trident on Cyclops drop , armor is useless because of Spears but strong if you try to shred it with anything less , unjustified nerfs to already nerfed or weak airdrops...I don't even know if they are playing their game at this point. Even on Vanilla it was way better and funnier/entertaining even if it had more bugs/worse textures."
76561197992861010,Not Recommended,437220,22223384,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Internet Hate Machine,"All around boring game. You spend half an hour of searching for and crafting weapons only to be killed by nothing or someone you can't even see. There is no point in taking it slow and smart. You can immediately leave the game after you die and join another, so it's easier to just grab a rock, and run striaght towards the nearest enemy and hope you kill him, then rinse and repeat. Combat is unresponsive and more luck based than any real skill involved. Just bash the enemy unless he is blocking, then simply push him and keep bashing away...only if you can actually see anything with the poor framerate and unpolished combat system. A waste of 15 dollars."
76561198265374745,Not Recommended,437220,23277600,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,VacStreetBoys,FIX YOUR COMBAT SYSTEM. STOP RUINING A GAME I USED TO REALLY LOVE!
,Recommended,437220,21659694,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ariel,♥♥♥♥ h1z1 this is 10 times better
76561198007154941,Recommended,437220,21679351,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rekkas,"After playing this game for only a total of 6 hours, I can hounestly say i've had more fun in any battle arena style game playing this than I have any other.I feel inclinded to share my last game, which is something i've never witnessed with my own eyes in game before, bar recoreded video on youtube etc. and i'm sure there is more and better encounters to come.- Spawn into game 20m from loot building- find nothing worth keeping bar remote C4 which was in a free crate- run through jungle to next building- in this distance i can hear sounds of lockers being ripped open... someone is here- i get closer and hear the splatter of water... someone else is hear- they start to punch on like two savage animals- with no weapon, i kreep over to the blue sell item vending machine and place my c4 on the front- the savages are still fighting- i creep behind a corner and wait- some poor soul dies, and the unsuspecting winner loots his body to sell the goods- i hear the vending machine activate from behind the corner- BOOM  GOES THE DYNAMITE- instant kill with the body obliterating to nothing- i manage to scavange all loot which included a tier 3 weapon & MORE C4 while uncontrollably laughing- also found a blowdart gun, but no ammo- as im scavaging ammo from one of the gas canisters an arrow penetrates my back- frazeled i turn to fight, slashing away at each other untlil i release the health war is in his favour- as death was imminant i dropped the C4 at my feet, and with one slash away from death, hit the kill switch- BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE- we both explode- kill confirmed and game overone of the best times you can have in 10minsHas hours of fun fresh replay, with an arry of combinations with weapons, perks, airdrops, items and your general environmentSeriously recommend to anybody, especially the team mode."
76561198044775942,Recommended,437220,24105954,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Santrio.,"Best game I ever played!!! , 28hours in 3 days!!! , I will play this game for longest time I can!ty for this game!"
76561198045429739,Recommended,437220,21737909,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sulli,"Did Push someone over and over into the Gas, he died.10/10 Best Hitler experience Possible"
76561198069149916,Recommended,437220,21695808,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,The Green Jew,"Great concept, well executed!*definitely worth $14.99*good servers*doesn't seem too repetitiveSugestions:*more building and loot*different maps*maybe make perks or airdrops purchasable with F.U.N.K*different items*better hair/player customizationOverall: Great Game |  9/10"
76561198141808557,Not Recommended,437220,30470184,Posted: 12 March,all,Mako7,Stay away.  Horrible game. that has continually detoriated with each new update.  I regret buying this.
76561198081535445,Recommended,437220,30644053,Posted: 20 March,all,PhaF,"Look, this game is hard. I would recommend ingnoring reviews of people who say the game is garbage with under 100 hours on record. It's in early access, change is going to happen, and the game has a huge learning curve.The combat is different but certainly still skill based.The devs, while not always as quick at fixing issues as we would all hope; make an honest attempt at listening to feedback making changes.If you want a mindless game, its probably not for you. If you want a relaxing game its definetly not for youIf you want a very challenging game that you will be murdered over and over and over again before you even start to get the hang of it... Give it a shot. But trust me when I say I've never played a game in my life that is more exhilarating, and gives you a better feeling of satisfaction when you win."
,Recommended,437220,21696738,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Team Sneak,"Title of game should be ""Katniss Everdeen Simulator"""
,Recommended,437220,25082874,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GizZy,Very addictive and very fun :) if you like the hunger games you will love this :P
,Not Recommended,437220,23104516,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,OregonCronic,I think this game is slowly degraging with time. I enjoied playing it before all the patches came out.
,Not Recommended,437220,25835591,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,» Dead,Oceania Servers in a Nutshell:Time in Queue: 30:45Avg. Wait Time: 80:32╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮
76561198084730922,Not Recommended,437220,23228700,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Tiger Samurai 42000,"This game is trash,I played 100 hours and i started getting constant headache from the soundwork, truly overall depressive artwork and graphics in general, the gameplay is constantly interrupted by starring into the ground to craft.. just anoyying as ♥♥♥♥ game. dont buy it if you plan to be playing more than 100 hours.4/10"
76561198066780169,Not Recommended,437220,28965843,Posted: 2 January,all,Lachmayne,"I have 300+ hours on the culling and I started to play this game close to the release.  I have bought this game for several friends and always found it enjoyable.  Even when they removed most of the perks and implemented killstreak rewards I stuck around.  Unfortunately this game is in an unplayable state now.  With the last update they removed the stagger effect when attacking someone that is blocking.   I played about 15 hours of this new update until I gave up on it. This essentially makes blocking worthless and there is no drawbacks to spamming attack.  The person who has the highest damage weapon wins and the skill curve is now non-existant.  The entire community seems to be outraged at the current state of the game and most are leaving.  I really hope the devs listen to our feedback and bring back the classic perks and classic combat system to make this game whole again.  You can keep the killstreaks system, but reduce or remove the health gain on kill.TLDR: This game used to be so freaking awesome and now it feels so awful.  :("
76561198092795036,Not Recommended,437220,24559867,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,FrodoTheRipper,"Ok this game was my favorite game for about 3 weeks until they ruined it with patches, it was even anyone could win.  Now its who ever has the OP perks and air drops they rek every person and win like evry match.  I used to win 5 too 10 matches in a row on teams with my friend now none of us can even kill anyone...  This game was fun but devs kinda are lost..."
76561198215921155,Not Recommended,437220,23360024,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Traxi,This game is  suck after many update
,Not Recommended,437220,25523246,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Batman™,5 minutes to wait in the queue... 8 minutes later you are 4 in the queue... SERIOUSLY ? GO **** My ****
76561198164611946,Not Recommended,437220,23237801,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,FaZeButthole,"IF YOU ARE READING THIS, DON'T BUY THIS GAME! This game is massive trash and does not work at all .The current devs have no god**mn clue on how to optimize this game. Waste of $15 dollars. I want a refund, Valve.EDIT:The game is basically dead nobody plays this! Don't buy this game or any games from these developers!"
,Not Recommended,437220,28322822,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Suh,"The game didn't run, and is now dead. The Culling had tons of potential to stay in the scene for a long time and threw it in the trash. Seriously, not worth it...."
76561198053229074,Not Recommended,437220,24779265,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,-_-,"I have played this quite a bit now, and it's definetely a game you WANT to love but there are huge issues with the judgement desicions by the devs. First off, the fighting is soooooooo sloooooow aaannndd clunky. It's actually faster(not kidding) to pick up a weapon, throw it at point blank range, let it fall(really not kidding), pick it back up, throw it again at point blank range, etc. etc. etc. than it is just throw a few punches between blocking..........   you fight at the pace of a down syndrome child on xanax. And this is what the game is centered around, other things that can add a level of gameplay to the tactics get nerfed, The alarm gun, for instance, has the ability to get others to attack others. Since last update, it has basically been made to be uneccesary clutter in precious backpack space. Maybe instead of making peripheral items worse. make fighting better? How about make it so people can actually hide instead of sticking out like a sore thumb so you might as well wear flourescents.(spelling?)The concept and things like the narrator are great and very well done, but there is an obvious disconnect with the feel of the combat. Please devs, make the fighting a little more realistic?  the block, shove, punch thing isn't bad but don't make me feel like it's performed directly after a stroke....   or ten shots....   or a concussion. Maybe get creative with your items, like a gas mask that lets you endure it for a few seconds, if you're going to make it that central to the game. Glad it's in beta still, needs a lot more work and to rethink the combat...."
,Not Recommended,437220,22222889,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DragonChaser,"Runs like crap.... dont buy, gonna refund. Stutering is so mad you cant fight.i7-4770k8gb ramR9 280x"
,Recommended,437220,21648063,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,meemum,"one man, two fists and a quest to find the funchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImI78s638hQ"
,Recommended,437220,21648918,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gnome Child,"Definitely the best BR game you can buy right now. More of a focus on melee combat makes the game seem much more fun than H1Z1, Rust, and ARMA BR's."
,Recommended,437220,21626364,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Diabetes Dan,"I've been waiting for an actual Battle Royale based game ever since I watched the movie back in 2000. This game goes BEYOND what I excpected. It is perfect in every way. If you are a fan of these types of games, or are just interested. GET IT.   It's $14 for a game worth at least $40. You won't regret it, even if you play it for a few days. It's amazingly fun and very replayable. I can't wait to see what they do with it in the future. Some DLC with new maps and cosmetics. Just talking about it gets me excited!"
,Not Recommended,437220,31363600,Posted: 25 April,all,Intoxicated Rainbow,"Broken game, broken mechanism, hitbox sucks and the only thing that is left good is the concept of this game that has become a trash since the company whom holding it doesn't even bother to fix the game and listen to their community."
,Not Recommended,437220,31386573,Posted: 26 April,all,Gahnzoe,The money got to the devs and didn't fix anything the community wanted them to.
76561198106828854,Recommended,437220,25532173,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Annihilator,"Very fun game to play with friends or solo, queue times can be bad at bad times in the day an in non american servers, but gameplay makes it well worth it"
76561198069244044,Not Recommended,437220,21975906,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Raginteen105,"to many factors in this game like perks that will never get you a win but are just purely for getting a couple kills in the beginning. Chems are just a stupid wild card that shouldnt be in the game, like if someone happens to get to a building just a couple seconds before you and chems up you stand no chance. Also the fighting is messed up, more than half the time i block they still attack right on through it and when i push them out of their block they somehow hit me right away with no stagger time for me to get a hit."
,Not Recommended,437220,24123155,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Steeled,"This game has an incredible concept and would be very promising except the melee combat is absolute trash. Seeing as this is the core of the game (especially at the start), it is very frustrating to play. Movements also do not seem very fluid and the person you play as moves like an android who's joints have not been oiled in the past 1,000 years. I unfortunately had to issue a refund, would love to check back in a year or so and would purchase again if these changes are implemented. I did not want to support a project that would be finished with this combat / clunky movements."
76561198093425971,Not Recommended,437220,22268412,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,CloudFTW,I am having a big problem about this game since i bought it. When i tried to push Play it always crashes!.I have good computer but it wont let me play. I think i have this game for about 2-3weeks now. Im just wondering if i can get my money back.
76561197987287898,Not Recommended,437220,22146198,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Quipmunk,-4.6ghz processor-GTX 970-16GB RAMI can max Fallout 4 but not this? Frames so low it's unplayable...
76561198277446128,Not Recommended,437220,22210637,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Big_Ben720,The servers are not too good. I would wait.
,Recommended,437220,21693194,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xide,"ROCK, PAPER, SICCORS! ARENA FIGHTERS MAKING A COMEBACK! WHAT IS THIS 1998?! BLOCK WITH ROCK, PUSH HIM WITH PAPER, CUT THEM WITH SICCORS! WHAT IS THAT A GUN!? WHERE DID YOU FIND A GUN?"
,Not Recommended,437220,22425357,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,nobody,"I watch people play this game and it looks like fun but, sadly, I am getting a refund, for two main reasons:1.  Horrible mouse input lag.  I move the mouse, and 100ms later the screen responds.  I play lots of games, and this is the only one that has input lag.  Even DayZ at its lowest framerate doesn't have input lag.  This makes competitive play nearly impossible.2.  Overall poor performance.  Even with all graphics settings on Low, framerate is still very poor.  Other games that are more graphically intense don't have this problem.People may say that it's unoptimized, but, hey, it's Unreal Engine--individual game developers don't have to optimize it as if it were their own engine.  What is this, a debug build?Maybe in a few months it will be worth trying again.  I hope so.  In the meantime, if you buy this game, be sure to watch your playtime carefully so you can get a refund if you need to."
76561198119254797,Not Recommended,437220,22151473,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Kane [D.O.W],"Game went from 10/10, to 1/10 with the recent patch. Normally I don't even review games, but this patch is just embarassing to the gaming community in general."
76561198086118133,Not Recommended,437220,31399189,Posted: 27 April,all,ThatLegacy,Used to love this game. It was so much fun. Now I strongly belive this game shoudlnt even be on the marketplace. cant beilive its on sale trying to get people to buy it.
76561198129742748,Recommended,437220,30987203,Posted: 6 April,all,Nucks_Sean,"GREAT GAME ,  I dont understand why people are mad, A small learning curve?GAMEPLAY IS SMOOTHCool take on BATTLE ROYALE .EASY TO RUN, RUNS VERY VERY WELL."
76561198327846480,Not Recommended,437220,31837245,Posted: 19 May,all,Xan got me spinning like fidget,"♥♥♥♥♥ass game, has become totally cancer after the big patch. Waste of money"
,Not Recommended,437220,25472476,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,This game is poorly designed and unbalanced
76561198003787752,Recommended,437220,33989628,Posted: 3 August,all,Gangztar,Let us make The Culling great again!
,Recommended,437220,21626478,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tdigit,This is a great example of early access done right!
,Not Recommended,437220,31424027,Posted: 28 April,all,GhostMango,H1Z1's Disabled brother
,Recommended,437220,31530406,Posted: 3 May,all,retrohungry,"***DO NOT TAKE NOTE OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS***Whatever you do, disregard most of the negative reviews. I have been playing since the release of this game. The developers have worked so hard to get the game to where it is currently. A LOT has changed, some of you don't like it. I can understand. But if you haven't sunk 30+ hours into this game, you haven't played it.This game is about learning the maps, combat styles, reaction times and finding a playstyle that works for you. Whether you're a ranged player, melee player or a sneaky sideline trapper, you CAN win at this game!I've thoroughly enjoyed the 100+ hours I have played. I would highly recommend purchasing if you haven't already!10/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,23650886,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,WombatCombat,"I loved this game, now its♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even get to play because the updates did something so before I  could run it at like 200 fps on the max settings now I run like♥♥♥♥♥♥on them, I have a GTX 970 and a pretty good processor but still it runs like crap, the game auto detects me at the lowest settings... I HAVE A BLOODY GTX 970 AND CAN RUN MGS5 AT MAX SETTINGS 60 FPS..."
76561198057475439,Not Recommended,437220,23469229,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rizzit,avoid this game ull play for like 3hrs then uninstall.exe
,Recommended,437220,21742362,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Netraams,Good game if you like the co-op survival theme.It gives me low fps on a good pc but it's worth it! :)
,Recommended,437220,24629908,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,lembayu,"Basically hunger games: the game.Pros (For now):-Scavenging-Perks-Good (and unique) ""FUNC"" mechanics-Better if you play with friends/co-op-Good CommunityCons (For now):-Combat is broken AF-Team players IN FREE FOR ALL MODE. wtf-Glitch and bugsFor now,im pretty much recommend this game. Make sure you have friends to play with/at least play in co-op mode,the FFA is pretty much sucks8.2/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,24963998,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Miyuki Izaya ^^,"Welcome to the game filled of nerfs/changes and unbalanced stuff.So when I started to play this game I used some pure skills! (No sarcasm at all kuch kuch) I stunned someone with my taser and then backstabbed them (You got the knife and stungun from a airdrop) So they were easy kills, Right?Then one day it for nerfed and noone used it anymore but me. Then they nerfed it again, Then again AND THEN GUESS WHAT, Again. They nerfed it 4 times and its so bad now, They rudeced it from 3 to 1 bullet and the stun time got halved nearly. So yes...Even tho everything gets nerfed I nearly get 1 shot by explosives... Yes,,, 1 explosive is like -95% of your hp, Bleeds you and crippels you... Welcome to the game of unbalanced stuff."
,Recommended,437220,31952325,Posted: 25 May,all,Schorle21,I cannot understand why this Game is being hatet... It is fun to play and amazing. Stunning graphics and awesome gameplay.
,Not Recommended,437220,22075620,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,KILLERFORDAGAMES,"The game is fun, but there are so many bugs, it always crashes, there are lots of problems when launching. Task manager cant even fix it once it has started. It is not my computer becasue all of my friends have the same problem. I would not recomend this becasue it is to expensive. The bugs and everything else are overwhelming. Once its open and has a problem, you have to restart you computer to solve the problem."
,Not Recommended,437220,29889401,Posted: 12 February,all,Corpo,bad game. combat not fun. feels boring at best and random and punishing at worst. Uninstalling. Basic case of Youtubers making a game look WAAAAAAAYYY better than it actually is.
,Not Recommended,437220,23546383,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,✪Shrine신사,it does not even have asian servers people whoi buys this in asia will get like 20 ping while playing
,Not Recommended,437220,24148488,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chris Benoit,Literally gets worse with every single update. The combat is just complete BS and takes absolutely no skill. You just have to get lucky enough to get the first hit. Also the blocking and pushing mechanics are absolute garbage. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME!
76561198084209384,Not Recommended,437220,22174076,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lemon O,"Optimization is horrible. drops from 21fps to 1 average on low setting on a r7 240SP> super clocked, average around 25FPS on low setting. I can run fallout 4 on medium setting with average 30fps so, something is way off. Mechanics suck it's like playing as a refrigerator slow movements and inaccurate attacks, save your 14 bucks not worth the money."
76561198240035392,Not Recommended,437220,23267119,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,halfsquatcrew,It is a bad game that will never be as good as when it was first launched
76561198042134739,Not Recommended,437220,22733195,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Missionings,What a ♥♥♥♥ing terribly optimized game.
76561198070697304,Not Recommended,437220,23396333,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Spooky Blue,how to make a game worse with every update simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,437220,25010372,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,♥ Remi Kat  ♥,Very harsh to new players. Combat system is strange but is still sort of playable in a way...Fighting against players who have way more experience against someone with low hours is really the worst.
76561198138366467,Not Recommended,437220,23553865,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Shocker97,lags to much!!!!!!!!!! :(
76561198008554393,Not Recommended,437220,24148870,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mindbender,I was one of the people who purchased this game on launch and back then this was an amazing game. The combat was balanced and actually required skill to win but every update just further destroys this game. Combat went from skill to luck and now if you don't spawn next to a tier 3 weapon GG cause you are screwed.
,Not Recommended,437220,29453732,Posted: 23 January,all,dmbrandon,"The entire programming team responsible for the original elease, which is where 90% of the positive reviews came from, have quit the studio due to a tyrnnical studiohead, and bad work environments. I took this directly from a source who was a part of the original team.The game has taken an absurd swing since the CEO took over the lead design position, and has ruined the game. I put 150 hours in this game in less than two weeks before the patches began. 10 hours since.I wouldn't recommend this game if it were on sale."
76561198067599908,Not Recommended,437220,26057474,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ϟp0Ʀ1y,"When I buyed this game it was pretty nice but still not so perfect as I thoughtNow... The Culling is completely ruined, because of some ass♥♥♥♥s that don´t understand this game and they are called ,,Community´´ ...So the developers removed all that was good, Like : 80% of perks were removed, Bows don´t have 24 arrows like before but only 12, ♥♥♥♥ed up airdrops (Increased price, and totally ruined Sapper airdrop) and they don´t even do something when you report someone for teaming...So The Culling is totally RUINED in my opinion...I´d rate this game at the beggining at 7/10...But now 2/10P.S. : Developers, make The Culling great as it was !"
76561198005978445,Recommended,437220,35501881,Posted: 5 October,all,8-Ball,"I have been playing this game on and off since it first hit early access and it does not deserve all of the bad reviews it currently has. While the dev team has made some interesting decisions along the way, the game is actually in a pretty good place right now. The close combat has more movement and a higher skill gap, aggressive play is rewarded, and there are some pretty cool perk combos that you can run without them being overpowered.What keeps bringing me back is that this is the only battle royale game with a solid core mechanic (imo). Gameplay and strategy in gun centric battle royales tends to rely on who saw each other first or who gets dicked by the circle. There is a definite skill cap whenever the newest player in the game can camp in a hut and get a lucky one shot kill to win the game. With close combat as the core mechanic in The Culling it requires you to actually learn how the combat works in order to get a kill. With my 270 hours of experience in the game if I get put in a lobby with 16 people that are relatively new to the game, I can guarantee the win. It is that skill dependant.The reasons that I think most people have stopped playing the game in early access are- No competitive mode or reason to win- Changes made over the course of early access that made the game unstable and changed the meta- No seperation between skill levels within a lobbyWhat I would say has hurt this games reputation the most is that there is nothing gained by winning and that there is no ranking system. The gameplay in The Culling is VERY skill dependant. When you put people who have played the game since it came out against new players it is a slaughter. I have actually felt pretty guilty as I hacked my way through waves of new players whos first (and often only) experience of the game is to get demolished by someone who knows what they are doing. This kills the influx of new players who want to learn and play against people of a similar skill level. It also gets pretty boring for people who have a lot of experience and no matter how many times they win it doesn't change anything. However the dev team has recently implented leaderboards and if the population picks up when the game comes out of early access, maybe that is a possibility for the future.AdviceIf you are going to pickup this game now that it is in full release I suggest you take the time to youtube tutorials and learn how the game works. Your first 20 or so hours will probably be spent getting wrecked by more experienced players. However if you can stick it out and learn from your mistakes, before long you will start going toe to toe with those players that have always killed you.SummaryThe Culling has great core mechanics and a skill dependant gameplay that requires you to learn how the game works if you want to be succesful. The population is pretty low right now but if you want to see what a battle royale game can look like at its best be sure to at least check it out."
,Not Recommended,437220,22216428,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,_SoMe,"early access reviewdont get me wrong, this game is quite enjoyable meanwhile (after learning basics and stuff) but i still wouldn't recommend it, especially if you that kind of player with low frustration tolerance.reasons:- pings are sometimes acceptable, but most of the time still bad (network code optimization ongoing)- framerate .. well.. i just read from people who cant get good framerates even with their high ends. my case is different. i run this game on a rather old machine on almost lowest settings (only view distance set to medium... having it on low results in not seeing opponents even if they are rather near) - framerate can get really low sometimes, mostly witness this in fights with more than 3 ppl involved (short freezing moments. you run up to backstab a player and suddenly your teammate stands there who was trying to do the same. so things can get quite unaccurate)- meele combat -> yeah it's quite fun, but can also be a pain in the a.. - talking about input lag and keyboard/mouse commands not reacting properly (click block but wont block f.e. -> happens approximately around 5 - 10 % for me at least and that's quite much i think)- some major balancing issues in my opinion (dont get me wrong on this again, i like most of it, but some perks are just too hard to play against. read the boards and you will notice that different players have different opinions on what's OP - most are just crying, because they mainly get killed i guess)- sometimes you will be spammed to death in meele by a single player, not landing 1 hit because he just spamming somehow... maybe glitch or something... some players even hit through block, battle animations get weird, you can literaly nothing do against it (i dont know if this is because of players having a to nice or to bad ping... like i said, maybe it's a glitch.)- only 1 map at the moment- game keeps crashing a lotlike i said, dont get me wrong. you can see on my played hours that i still havent dumped this game. it's quite fun but all the things i mentioned take out the equality (competitive game ;). i really hope for good servers / a better network code soon. i guess that would make the game more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,437220,22187831,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,holta73,"I already had 69 hours in this game before the Mar 30 update, I would jump on every day and get to live out my fantasy of playing a well thought out, compettetive, battle royale game. Now with the change in the mele combat i no longer have any desire to play it. You took a system that was spammy, pretty flawed, but fun, and you slowed it down to the point that it's painful. Before you completely rework the way people fight each other remember this: The only thing people dislike more than glitchy mechanics are mechanics that are annoyingly slow and glitchy.All I can say to the devs are dont confuse a sluggish combat system for a deliberate one. In a game based on making quick decisions I have no idea why they decided to slow evrything down to a snail's pace. In the game's current state it's infuriating to just move and attack.Even after 69 hours of loving this game the devs have shown the community how little they listen, and as the devs go in their own direction with the game I will go my own way to a better game. If they ever fix the problems they created then I will change my review, if not then I'm probably never going to play The Culling again."
,Recommended,437220,31423256,Posted: 28 April,all,oskar,it's a great game :)
,Recommended,437220,26210238,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,YourBoyNasty,Whomever rates this game negative is ignorant. They update this game every other wednesday to change the whole gameplay to keep it different and interesting. They reduced arrow count in bows because people would kite and never even go into a melee fight. Changed sapper because it was too op having 3 dynamite that do 85 damage plus bleed and cripple. Got rid of perks that made early match fights easy like knuckledragger which made a tier 1 weapon which did 18dmg now do 26dmg but with ol painless do around 28-29dmg. Took away runs with knives and leg day bc having 20% more sprint speed is ridiculos. Nerfed golden arm because you could literally 3 hit anyone with and tomahawk and javelin. So whoever wines about how they dont like some updates are selfish and dont see how hard the devs work to spice the game up every two weeks.
76561197974367979,Recommended,437220,31389355,Posted: 27 April,all,The Shadow,So after hearing this game had a ton of negative reviews I just had to make a statement myself and there seems to be a theme to the negative reviews being that its either poor quality gameplay or a patch that people hated on and I do not disagree with those accusations either because they were right they did sort of break the game a couple times but considering the game is still early access I have come to the conclusion that people are just highly impatient which is no surprise right and though they may have butchered the game from time to time they tend to fix it however it is a slow process taking a month per patch due to what im guessing to be is a small group of people but anywho I believe this game has plenty of potential and the most recent patch has my attention yet again because unlike the previous few this one seems promising by returning some of the older mechanics that we all know and love my point stands just give it some time everyone
,Not Recommended,437220,30245848,Posted: 28 February,all,Drippy,"So you're looking to buy The Culling aye?Well, before you do so! Let me inform you of some of the ups and downs of this game, and why you should NOT buy this game.Starting off this game is an amazing concept, and as they've put it themselves, ""Sloppy but Fun."" I believe fully that the DEVS of this game are really tired of actually trying to actually make improvements to this game, as for any successful game, they only survive by LISTENING to their players. I, and many others, find that the DEVS of this game, simply don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what their players have to say.The game itself has an extremely sloped learning curve to even comprehend how to win in combat, especially in team battles. With the absence of solo games any longer ( and even when they did have solo games, people teamed up in every game regardless ) there simply is no way to play this game, and truly enjoy it.The reasons for this are simple. There are a slew of Try-hard Pro-Elitist gamer's, who simply have done NOTHING but play this game Day - in and Day - out. The WORST kind of people to have terrorizing the lower skilled players of the game. Since the devs have done nothing to incorporate any sort of ranked playing in this game, you'll quickly find yourself losing every single game you play to one of these No-Life players.Another HUGE PROBLEM the devs ignore, is hacking in thier game. The USED TO have a reporting system so you could report when you find them, but they removed it simply out of pure laziness to assist the players. SINCE, the game has been plagued with these people, hacking away to their hearts content.I have posted about this is discussions ( where DEVS REMOVED MY POST, and ignored my video footage i took myself of the hackers in actions / Teamers using discord to team up in games ) Yet, nothing seems to change.It's almost as if the DEVS are abandoning this game to basque in the money they've collected from sales ( Nearly 300k in sales ) and will most likely let this game die in the♥♥♥♥♥♥pile its collected. Since they of course, have no interest in cleaning up big time.The combat itself feels not fluid, and overly quick, as most players who win. Simply don't block at all, wait for their opponent to block, and shove you repeatedly ( as its the only way to stun ) and win from that simple advantage. The combat itself will give you anxiety as you scamble your way to ATTEMPT to beat these people who have MASTERED the cheapness it withholds.I've given this game 270 hours of my life, and I can say with full confidence. That it is broken.Time and time again I've tried every tactic i can think of with my best buddy, and nothing works. Simply because you run into these guys who are:1) Pro-elitist no-lives with the ability to cheat the combat system to its fullest extent.2) A hacker with aimbot who destroys you with arrows ( which do about 16 damage per shot ) before you are able to even close the range gap ( as they run away the whole time, jumping and doing 180 shots, without missing a beat. )3) Someone who is far higher level than you, and abuses the combat system again, with broken techniques, and lack of ANY skill.Overall, this game is bound to fail with a rag-tag band of idiots for DEVS.And as a game developer myself, I and many others, are working to redo this game.So to the devs of this game, I say farewell. You have been scum to your players, and for that you will be surpassed.My combat system is faster, more fluid, and skilled based. Compared to your rock paper♥♥♥♥♥♥system, you will be trumped.--- Faster movement--- Combos OVER rock paper scissors--- Counters can be used--- No weapon tiers, but rather upgrades / abilites applied to weapon types--- Better perk system with skill oriented applications.Thanks for the idea, and the poor execution, you've made way for other superiors to leave you in the dust.Until you pull your heads from your asses! You have failed utterly.Hope this review helped you. Please don't give your money to these grubby desperate f*cks hoping to string you along for a sh*tty ride."
,Not Recommended,437220,32202126,Posted: 5 June,all,Pass The Mustard,I bought some microtransaction stuff and it got rid of all of it in a big update.  What the ♥♥♥♥?  They don't have the right to take away stuff that the consumer bought.  You devs are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and you need to give us our♥♥♥♥♥♥back.
,Not Recommended,437220,22097224,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zane's Brain,I'm somewhat neutral. I like the game and enjoy the idea of it. However the gameplay really bugs me when basic actions don't work such as blocking or shoving. It may be a difference in connection but so far in game i have yet to actually defend myself enough to win a one on one fight with anyone simply due to the fact that my actions don't connect. Even simple actions like blocking and stunning someone. It's just really frustrating to not be able to play a good game correctly using the format that the game gives you.
,Not Recommended,437220,23393450,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nova Nihil,"Maybe someday the combat will be fixed.  For now it is broken as hell.  I wouldn't recommend buying it at this point, not even on sale.The concept is great, the general idea of it is wonderful, I love the quick and simple crafting, the hunting, the paranoia, but once you actually start fighting someone you realize that all that preparation, all that great equipment, means absolutely nothing - because the combat is unresponsive and broken."
,Not Recommended,437220,22148935,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ZombieLPK,"The 30th March update ♥♥♥♥ed it, combat went from feeling snappy and responsive (when their servers weren't being terrible, which before this was about 50% of the time) to feeling like you have 300ms ping regardless of the situation, along with slowing what was already (comparatively to other games in the genre) slow and methodial combat to a crawl.You'd have hoped that by now early access developers would have realised that when people take to a game like they did to this when it first came out, that they already have an excellent base to add more content and make balance changes around, instead of tearing apart and frankensteining one of the pillars of what made their game. It happened to Rust, it happened to H1Z1 (to a lesser extent, more in terms of plans of the game changing and being split in to two) and this update is a troubling sign that if changes like the ones present in this update keep happening, in a years time it will feel completely different to the game it was before.They also felt the need to add terrible headbob effects to the game without the consideration to at least add an option to turn them off."
,Not Recommended,437220,22143265,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dandy Max,"Chaotic, thrilling, none stop action. At least that's what it WAS. The game plays nothing like when I bought it, and I honestly would never have if I watched a video of its current state. This game just woke me up to the dangers of early access and how a game can be rendered unplayable to you in a single patch.I'd hold off til an official release to even CONSIDER buying this as of now,"
,Not Recommended,437220,24535831,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Duplex,"Game currently sucks. Hardly any players, no new maps, only teams of 1 or 2, rarely any good updates."
76561198201995824,Recommended,437220,22742552,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Maxou,This game is really nice so far but-we need moar maps-we need moar maps-we need moar maps
,Recommended,437220,21968600,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,brrrraxton,"Game needs some tweaks, apart from that it's fun as hell.One of the most enjoyable games in Early Access currently, and if they keep on the right track, this game will stay great.8/10"
76561198027053901,Not Recommended,437220,23317848,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,✪ PMA,Good game.. but please create Asia/SEA Server .. we need thatttt
,Recommended,437220,23450259,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GODStrider™,"Great game, early access give it a try, it has super potential."
,Recommended,437220,23591375,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Tim Bear,"FIX THE MATCHMAKING PLZ, TAKES 20 MINUTES TO GET A GAME"
,Not Recommended,437220,26120691,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Gandur,10/10 would wait for an game 10 minutes long again
,Recommended,437220,22206268,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nordrick,This game is a literal copy of the Hunger Games.
76561198065928521,Recommended,437220,22094965,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ChubbsTheDog,love this game ;)
76561197988953086,Recommended,437220,21967081,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Epic Flux,"Very few games really grab my attention and give me that addictive rush anymore. That feeling of just gotta play one more match over and over again. The Culling has managed to bring that beautiful feeling back into my body. While there's still plenty of things that need to be implemented, which of course will happen eventually afterall this is an early access so it's not going to be perfect, but for an early access this game is pretty rock solid. It's a blast! The crafting and FUNC system really shakes up the dynamic of the game. It forces you to play and explore all the mechanics of the game while simultaneously being just straight up fun. The pontential for interesting maps is there. Currently only one map is in rotation but you can just tell all the exciting things that are gonna come down the road. I'm looking forward to a Hunger Games Catching Fire style map that I'm sure is innevitable to come. Fighting other players actually feels like a fight. It really does require skill to take down your opponent but choose wisely because you never know who you're stepping up too. There's lots of interesting weapons and methods of killing people, from baiting and trapping people to just straight up running someone down. This game is wonderful and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a competition!"
76561198016140423,Recommended,437220,21968810,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Shade_Quester,Found this thing that gives you infinite staminawon game7/7
,Recommended,437220,22146902,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Killastrra,"Gtx 97016gb rami7-4770kRuns this game smooth as anything always maxing the 61fps limit.Full game review from the newest update from 30/03/2016This update although I see what they are trying to do with the whole speed lower for slow weapons, this really should not of been played around with. Without boasting I win every other free for all and play on a daily basis in which resulted to my 100 hours played but this slowness on the weapons really has made me bored of the combat. It was the main aspect and it truly did have a great system going until today. Although they try to make it legit it really has made me bored. I have changed my perks due to this which i really did not want to do as it was a fun strat (gun strat) but now that the fights are so long and boring I end up not getting enough funk or having a third guy run up and kill us both by the time we finish fighting. This was my second all time favourite game behind dark souls but this update is really dragging the game down. What they needed was more maps, more updates on other features and should of left the main game alone.  Seeing other peoples reviews shows quite a high demand to revert it and make the game much better again, wether they will do that. I highly doubt it so i am trying to get used to the game as fast as I can but I know for a fact I wont be playing nearly as much as I do at the moment due to this, It has gone from a very great game to a great game and I am now worried the updates will totally ruin this game like many of my favourite games have done recently. E.g - Ark Survival EvolvedI still will give this game a thumbs up and a positive review due to my favourite 100 hours of the game and this one update should not change my mind of the game overall but it really has let me down and I hope this game dosent follow down the downroute path."
,Recommended,437220,21899974,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Astrocat,Probably the most value I've ever gotten out of a game in a long time.
76561198046277801,Recommended,437220,21981121,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mr8Rubio,One of the best batlleroyal/ hungergames game that i've ever played very nice
76561198180768674,Recommended,437220,25196464,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Anime King,awesome game played it at my friends house so I decided to get it my self. I like that when you pause the game it shows you how to craft the things
76561197961567944,Recommended,437220,21671156,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Chris,Best replication of battle royale that I've ever seen. Huge focus on melee which makes the game brutal and fast paced.
76561198121417845,Recommended,437220,21734471,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ParacetamolCunny,"Australian servers would be really nice, Other than the server lag (due to connection to North America) The game is very fun."
76561197980868205,Recommended,437220,23962295,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mack,"Ok, bear with me here. It's going to be a bit longer than you might be used to.Pros - the game is exactly what it looks like. Hunger games with less teenage angst.Cons - Significant issues with weapon balance, and moderately cumbersome combat.Here's the gist, and it should make a bit of sense. There are no one hit kills in The Culling. That might sound great, and in a sense it is. There are no 400 feet away, one shot to your ankle kills, with an automatic silenced pistol. At the same time, walking up behind someone with an axe, and hitting them in the back of the head with a fully charged attack, isn't going to put them down. There are no assassination kills. There is also little advantage to most tactical engagements.Example: It's two minutes into the game. You didn't spawn near anything useful, so you crafted a bow. It came with 5 shots. You see a guy in front of you, and improbably, without an aiming reticle, you manage to hit him in the back of the head with a fully charged shot. You're loaded with every possible perk, and he isn't, so you deal around 42 damage, max. He still has another 58 health, and he is coming at you with a t3 machete he found in a green crate. You are probably screwed. Even with a little over half health, you are not going to beat the guy you just ambushed, if his weapon is significantly better than yours, assuming you are both equally skilled.Combat is basically a game of rocks paper scissors. They are blocking, so you shove them and get a free hit. They are coming at you swining, you block. They try to shove, you hit. There just isn't a lot to it in those terms. But there is a significant damage between a T3 weapon's damage per hit, even without charging, compared to any of the lower tiers.I'm not positive it's actually possible to balance a game with firearms vs rocks and sticks, if you don't allow any form of assassination or ambush kills. I mean...Really. There are guns in the game. You just can't balance that against a blow gun that needs ten shots to kill you, or a crafted spear that has to put 12 holes in someone.Overall, it's a great game, with great potential, but they really need to find the sweet spot between grossly overpowering some weapons, and leaving us with 5 minute crafted knife fights."
76561198043407114,Recommended,437220,22902844,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cramm789,Very fun. I started playing about 2 weeks ago and now its my main game. I love it!
76561198027869567,Recommended,437220,22902790,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Zika Virus Baby,At last I can live out my Katniss dreams
,Recommended,437220,22903804,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,James Lame,"The most dedicated devs I've seen in a long time. The game is going thru various changes, some have been good, some have been bad, but they have always tried to improve the game.Disregarding that, the game at it's core is fun, skillful and quick. But as it's still in early access it's going thru sweeping changes so you might want to wait till the proper release, or not... the game is still a lot of fun."
76561198222660368,Recommended,437220,22904157,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,whytinfoilman,okay so this gam had gotten more button masher but i still find good games with poeple who dont mash but plan
,Recommended,437220,21981748,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,C0nquer0r,"This is a good game,but doesn't have an asia sever make me have a high ping(200++)Please make an asia server quickly"
,Recommended,437220,21974086,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Saitama,"Mad fun, great gameplay."
,Recommended,437220,21970968,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,joshua,its ♥♥♥♥ing tuff puppy
76561198065921252,Recommended,437220,21974521,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,This guns pretty nice,"I got on, barely knew. I find some man, it was instinct, he comes at me.I dodge, I shove him, I throw my first punch ever, SUCCESS! he loses balances, I run!He chases, I find a stick, ahh, even ground, alas! ARGHH!!! my back, he had literally stabbed it, well, thrown it at me, this was his mistake.I make a spear.I got a green mohawk."
,Recommended,437220,21978090,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Asurai,"You're still looking for a review to convince you to buy this game? Well, I'll just tell you that this game is efffffeeeenng awesome! Arrow shooting, Spear throwing, Crafting like minecraft, Backstabbing, Kill stealing.. and the best part.. CHAINSAW MASSACRE! total savages!!men it always got me and brings out the inner saltiness of me.but still!Recommend this! 10/10"
76561198022293350,Recommended,437220,21975609,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,h_brass23,This game is gr8.
76561197996084326,Recommended,437220,21970744,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,King Tubbs,"Loving this game still very early acsess but pritty stable as it stands and huge amounts of fun alreadythis is a game where you start scared as hell but as you get more and better weapons and gear fear turns in to a hunting game WITH PEOPLE, Love itthe melee combat is simplistic but has a nice timing/counter system that is fun to play and offers skill based fighing with no combat advantage given through unlockshaving said that more play with the suprize me airdrop give you better air drops and lets you call in a gun/ other top end weaponsGuns are rare, bows are not, shooting works well and allows iron sights bullets are VERY expencive, but arrows are made just by finding are farming a bit of wood  and only cost 5the map i a good size for 16 player combat and is jungle with some building scatterd aroundbugs are few for a game of this stage of release (sitll a good few in thoutgh)  but i do tend to have around 1 crash/restart for every 2 hours of playin short having fun with this game and for £10 I am very happy with this game as is and cant wait to see what happens inthe next few weeks and mounths"
76561198288741228,Not Recommended,437220,22890465,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,✪FagginS,The game is good but needs improvement and optimizationThe combat needs to be improvedFps needs to be improvedNeeds alot of optimization6/10
76561198154234605,Recommended,437220,23073520,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Steve Buscemi,While this game if pretty dang fun untill the culling starts to show off its bugs like other players hit through  your block and the game lags and then to top it off loot spawning takes ages.WARING this game if for players who dont get so salty when they loose and then the next round you spawn 900 away you loot a building then again.Then again and you loot a building other team mate 876 away then a team comes and you die the end...
,Recommended,437220,22977488,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[ZFSE] Terminator,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeimE8Wz6e4
,Recommended,437220,22535776,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,☢Gladius☢ 👌👽,Shanking people is pretty fun
,Recommended,437220,25247988,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kesh,"I liked this game from the start but it did have a huge number of issues.. Performance, bugs etc. To be honest I'm getting a bit sick that games come out in Early Access full of bugs because people stop playing them before they get better.Currently most of the bugs have been fixed and the performance has been optimized (I used to get FPS lag on low, now it perfectly smooth on medium)I just really hope that the developers keep improving this game and adding new stuff. Would really like a new map !I definately recommend this game and thankfully theres still people playing it ! Its great playing in a team with a friend, makes the game even more interesting"
76561198274650878,Recommended,437220,22693979,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Obi-Stu,"STEP 1- I have the perk that makes me invisible to everyone elses motion tracker.CHECK!STEP 2- I have the perk that means I start with a motion tracker.CHECK!STEP 3- My motion tracker beeps like mad as someone is walking around on the boulder I am crounching in front of.CHECK!STEP 4- My motion tracker continues to beep...loudly.CHECK!STEP 5- My oppoenant jumps of boulder, turns in mid air, fires an arrow into my head and then continues to finnish me off.CHECK!Post match analysis - turn motion tracker off when opponant is close enough to hear me in my hding place.8/10 - Good game if you want to feel like predator.Devs, how about this for a tag line: Are you 'hungry' for a real 'game'?"
,Recommended,437220,21629984,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kananjarrus,Feels like I'm in the Hunger Games.
,Recommended,437220,21630118,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jack,"I really like this version of Battle Royale. It has the most satisfying melee combat, and a great side objective of finding crafting utilities as well as micro-management. The cons of right now are performance, balancing issues, and clunky animations. Besides that I cant tell this will be a great game."
,Recommended,437220,22532199,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,GR4N4T,Love it!
,Recommended,437220,21629976,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr. Bucket™,I do recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥Killing people in video games is awesome.10/10
76561198202620704,Not Recommended,437220,22639903,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bitch McConnel,no longer fun
,Recommended,437220,23431508,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Petrovic.exe,"Love this game although it does have its issues. The game is very fun to play and has a lot of replayability, even though it may not look like that on first glance. But while I love this gam there are two things I really want to see fixed. First is the fact that it happens a lot that enemies hit straight through my block. This could be because I always have 80+ ping even though I live in Europe and they have servers in Europe, or it could be because this game has a rather low tic rate. Second issue is when playing with a friend. The game comes with a duo game mode. This is a very good experience, however it has a flaw in my eyes. The spawn point. They are inconsistent. Sometimes you spawn close to eachother and sometimes you are on the other ends of the map. The problem with this is that it all varies per team. While your friend is still on the other end of the map, an enemy will have met up already and just gang on you outnumbering you 2 to 1."
,Recommended,437220,26423906,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheSaltySalute,Someone call a doctor this game is dead
,Recommended,437220,26428066,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Treble Clef,Good Video Game. 9.786/10Would recommendK ByeLmaoGood MemeWooden Posing Doll 207-208
,Recommended,437220,21690977,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NerdOnCrack,Dis gud
,Recommended,437220,21915377,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Cuntos,"I've only played 11 hours, but I can easily say it's one of the best games I've ever played throughout my eight years of PC gaming. The Free for All can be a bit hit-or-miss, but Teams does make way for some interesting and often hilarious instances, if you're playing with a friend over Skype or something.Pros:+ You can look like a male prosty+ That said, a LOT of player customisation+ OCE, NA and EURO servers+ Almost daily updates+ No such thing as a guranteed kill+ Guns arent OP, and require lots of F.U.N.C. to acquire and maintain+ Explosives also need lots of F.U.N.C. to craft+ More focused on melee combat+ Guns and bows don't come with much ammo (ammo can be crafted though)+ Gorgeous graphics+ You can throw chainsaws and sledgehammers at people+ Hunger GamesCons:- Not sure about the block and shove system- Some airdrops cost way too much- Some crafting should cost less F.U.N.C.What I Would Like to See:.) A system where you can gift F.U.N.C. to your teammate(s).) Ingame voice chat in a limited radius (similar to Rust).) Crafting with weapons that you find (Dead Rising-type stuff).) Hit bigger rocks to get crafting rocks, the same way you hit trees for branchesSummary:Possibly the most fun you can have online. Works both competetively, and if you're messing around. Being a standalone battle royale game and not a mod / addon, it executes it very well, and is well rounded. The F.U.N.C. (ingame credits) system is good, allowing you to recycle unnecessary items for a good bit of F.U.N.C. and open crates, call in airdrops, craft and heal yourself up with it. Highly recommended to play with a friend, but it is still enjoyable on your own. It has a fairly large playerbase, Team matches in OCE take around 1.5 mins to find, NA and EUR even faster.Highly recommended.If you listen to a man named Cuntos who has a burning minion as his profile picture, pick it up now, and get a mate to as well. You won't regret it.EDIT:The chainsaw is some OP♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like 'shouldn't-be-in-the-game' OP."
,Recommended,437220,22056642,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,black timmy turner,good game apart from gang bangs.
,Not Recommended,437220,22057141,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Koridic,"First of all I want to say that at its core The Culling is actually a fantastic Battle Royal game and I believe that is largely because of the focus on melee combay rather than it being about who gets the better gun and drop on the other player.That being said the game is currently in a state where for many players including myself the ping has become increasingly high and causes the game to teleport, lag, and rubberband to an extent. In some games it would be acceptable at the level it is at now but in a fast paced battle royal game where melee combat has blocking mechanics and such even a 1/10 or 2/10 second lag can be a death sentence and makes the game largely unplayable or at the least unwinnable.I love the game but at its current server state for many people I can not recommend this title at this point in time. When the lag gets fixed as it was before (I used to play with very low ping and no lag before the ""Down Under"" patch) I will gladly rewrite my review and change it to an outstanding recommendation."
76561198098452151,Recommended,437220,21716342,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[SWA] StonerSloth,this game is so amazing I think anyone who likes h1z1
,Recommended,437220,22192886,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,-Swiftiery-,It is a great game but i would only buy it if your are certain you can run it because i made that mistake!
76561198171170811,Recommended,437220,21661106,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Heretic,"so fun! even though most hungergame style games are very repetative, the different perks/weapons/items make every single game different! very fun!!"
,Not Recommended,437220,22507764,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Fred Durst,"I don't recommend this game on the basis that there is one legitimate perk in this game and that is all. Runs with knives is evidently overpowered, seemingly everybody uses it and it just makes the game boring, and invariable. Every game is the same. A bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥ with runs with knives. Why put so many perks in the game that could create an interesting and fun survival game when you refuse to balance them at all? There is one playstyle in the Culling and it is a waste of potential limiting players to one legitimate build."
,Recommended,437220,21656032,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GrassyTACO,"I'll try to describe this game the best I can without sounding biased.I started in a crate, I was disoriented.  The walls around me fell apart, I was instantly in a beautiful lush, 60fps enviorment.  I skulked around amongst boulders and giant trees to assemble a elementary kit for survival.  Crafted with rocks and sticks.I developed courage.  I felt akin to a Chivalric Vangaurd with my Tier 1 Spear of Justice.  I could fend pesky adversaries with ease I thought.  I also had a simple Baseball Bat, tier 3, which I found in a dropbox in a building, for a small fee of 50somethings.I pranced the map, feeling like a Mohican.  I climb a hillside, I peer down the hill, I spot the enemy.  He wears a Blue polo t-shirt, sports a bow and arrow, and was running down the street.I followed in the shadows.  Stalked him as he looted a bunker.  Wondered what I might take off his delicate hands.He rounds a corner.  I drop from above with a pre-charged spear thrust.He's bleeding, I pull out the bat and give him a quick jab, followed by a shove.I run around the rock and charge a bat hit, do a 180, and WHAM.  Lights out motherf***er.That was the first kill.  My heart rate was soaring.  I had acquired a stun gun.  High five.Needless to say, after many more skirmishes, with poison gas surrounding us, in a excited endevour, me and the other finalist squared off.  Me with a stun gun and bat, he with a blow gun and a polearm of some kind.We dance around, I dodge his arrows.  He switches weapons.  He's dry.I charge using trees as cover.  I stun him, run around his back, BACKSTABS ARE CRUCIAL.I charge a bat hit.  I release, I continue Barry Bondsing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood everywhere as my screen declares me the victor and I raise my arms in pride.10/10 This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks my socks off.  Get it, don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198128562689,Not Recommended,437220,25968421,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tunris,"Playing the game has become impossible. Controls are unresponsive and janky. When I block, my hands go up only after half-second. I am not able to win any melee encounter, but back in the day I was winning every second match. That means something right? Maybe it's due to constant 80+ ping (is it because i live in Russia?). Because of this I'm at a disadvantage even when my gear tops my enemy's gear. This is not even remotely close to beying fun."
,Not Recommended,437220,26015082,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Simon :),JUST REVERT IT BACK You would get sooo much more people interested in the game again Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that one out
76561197960869198,Recommended,437220,22168324,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,wOngtonfui,amazing game
,Recommended,437220,21978726,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Tofu Dinner,this game rocks ♥♥♥♥ you kyle
,Recommended,437220,21734934,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,v7KZ,i kiilled 2 ninjas with my fist 10/10 would never stop playing
,Not Recommended,437220,22830975,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,PUSH ME TO THE EDGE CSGOgem.com,"SUCH A SICK GAME!when it works that is......Everytime there is an update wiith this game it seems to mess up.First time it completed messed up my steam, had to reinstall everything....this was a pain in the backside.Managed to get it working, played with my friend, had a lot of fun and there was an update required......updated!Wanted to play with my friend, FATAL ERROR!!DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF U DON'T WANT TO GET ANNOYED. THX FOR THE CHEEKY WASTE OF MONEY!"
76561198264014214,Recommended,437220,21809178,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sh4d0wR3p3r,AWESOME!!! This game plays on your most basic human survial instincts. The anticipation. The explosion on adrenaline and the punding in your chest. Never played anything like it and LOVE it to DEATH
,Recommended,437220,23942841,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,xToonii,I have been Playing The Culling and I have Realized that it is too Easy to kill someone with your Fist and I also think that when you Spawn in you should have your Team Mate Right next to you so you guys have a Chance to go and Loot up and so you dont get Gang Banged by a 2 Man Team I have Spawned in far away from my Team Mate and there would always be 2 People waiting for me in a Building and there were 4 People Teaming in a 2 Man and I havnt seen anyone getting Banned and you should make it to where you can shove no matter what again that was way better for the Game and right now my Rate for the Game is 2/10 Because of the Fact that I cant last 2 Minutes in a Game before Dying!  But that is what I think about the Game and I hope you Guys can fix all these Problems that I am having and that my Friends and all People are having!  But I hope that you Guys can make a Better Game Update for this Current Game The Culling and Yeah well Thanks!  And I hope that this is not a Waste of Time Story!
76561198303937935,Not Recommended,437220,23350699,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,THE GAMING COOKIE,THE GAME IS VERY LAGGY BUT FUN  BUT THE UPDATES MAKE IT EVEN WORSE PLEASE COULD SOMEONE TELL MEHOW TO FIX THE LAG!
76561198053054337,Not Recommended,437220,22263630,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shadow the Edgehog,this game is a yuge disapointment
,Recommended,437220,22150000,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dazed & Insane,"Post the March 30 patch the game has had it's fair share of issues, but with the new June patch the game feels amazing again.  Back on track!  Sorry to say I'm not a big fan of the way perks have been changing.  Perks are becoming less and less relevent with each patch.  Seems like any perk that is too widly used gets nerfed until nobody will use it rather than buffing the lackluster perks nobody uses."
76561198144569238,Not Recommended,437220,23400496,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TRIDENT,thank you for breaking the game again afer the new update first game i go stuck in blocking anamation could not hit but could get hit and increase in lag.
76561198146714017,Recommended,437220,22919537,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kcirez,"UPDATE: ok hopefully people will find this useful, I STILL LOVE THIS GAME, even though some of the new updates have messed things up for a lot of people, myself included on certain things, this game is still amazing. it is a fun game to play with friends, and if you wanna kill time, play it alone. YES I WILL ADMIT, the combat system has gotten worse, for me, when i block and someone should be stunned they still manage to get a hit in. BUT REMEMBER this is a game in ALPHA, and the DEV team is working on it. AT LEAST THEY KEEP US POSTED AND STAY IN TOUCH WITH US, and not just F-ing bail on us like other games... *cough*dayz*cough*... I admire this game and the developers behind it. once the game is complete and out of ALPHA i do believe this game will be amazing, and should be on Esports. i would love to watch this. BUY IT, try it. you will get hooked. JUST REMEMBER, when somethings pisses you off, do what i do, TAKE A DEEP BREATH and remind yourself. it is still in ALPHA. IT WILL get better. just gotta be paitent,fun amazing game... single player is hard as F**k, but super fun, and teams is the best coop vs game ever."
,Recommended,437220,22653121,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Edpon,The best Battle Royal style game ive seen yet. So incredibly fun.
,Not Recommended,437220,22232018,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Capt. Rockhopper,Can be fun at times but the janky combat makes it rage inducing almost every time you die. I don't know if that is the point but it doesn't do it for me. I've tried countless setups and tried the different perks but in the end same result the combat just sucks and since it is the main selling point of the game I don't feel it justifies buying or even playing
,Recommended,437220,23639204,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Scott Scotch,Intense and fun
76561197968773976,Recommended,437220,25418182,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,[OTL] Dekaas,Its like that movie.But♥♥♥♥♥♥Kinda fun thoughMockingbird/10. Would optimize fps again
,Recommended,437220,21953751,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Doge,basicly hunger games
76561198118950348,Recommended,437220,21988276,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,emilio_raiders,"two words, hunger games"
76561198078217547,Recommended,437220,21993055,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Blades Flash,"Have you ever wanted a game to bring out your Killer Instinct? Then this is the game for you. When you get your first win you feel unstoppable and when you can't remember how many wins you have just because you have won so many times, well you will feel like a Natural Born Killer, Highly reccomend this game"
,Recommended,437220,22006826,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DRG /A/,nr1
,Recommended,437220,22007034,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,compaqter,Great solo survival or team game with you and another buddy. Would be great if there was teams of 4v4 teams. My adrenaline pumps every match with this game. Its a breath of fresh air with all these zombie survival infested gamings that have been coming out for the past 5 years.
,Recommended,437220,22020632,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ZombieGnome,"Very impressive game.  I am not an FPS fight to the death type gamer, I will say that this has converted me.  I see spending many hours working out the best strategy to fit my game play.  Well worth the money.  Once I have more understanding of the game type and can better critique it is will post a pros and cons s review."
76561198107469053,Recommended,437220,22029617,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Connor,"I would recommend this game as it is quite cheap, really fun, competitive and fair in certain aspects. The melee action is by far the best part as it is tactical, fair and mainly down to skill. The guns are fair with the rifle being strong but low ammo and relatively slow fire rate and the magnum has quite a high fire rate but it does a small but not too small amount of damage. However one of the biggest issues about the game, for me, is the smg; it does 15 damage (i think), but it is fully automatic and it has 20 bullets in a magazine. So the game is overall a good game (in my opinion), but the smg is way too overpowered. I think it should have 10 damage and 15 bullets.P.S. Only allow the top 2 teams awards because the market's most expensive item is like £1.30."
76561198288549711,Recommended,437220,22029798,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,jonjon431,Overall the game is a great concept. Starting out with nothing and then building up can get pretty boring though. Characters movement could be smoothed out a bit because as of right now it looks way too choppy and fake. fighting your enemies can be difficult with them flying around you constantly
,Recommended,437220,22030476,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ReflexGaming,"I have been playing this game for 15 hours now, and i've only won one game. Hopefully this time I can win my second-Starts a game with a surprise me airdrop-Gets S.W.A.T airdrop-Recycles every single thing hoping to get the S.W.A.T airdrop-I get enough F.U.N.C to get the airdrop-I relentlessly try to find a pad.-I finally find it.-I collect the airdrop and hold my SMG with confidence.-I collect enough F.U.N.C to unlock a package.-I get a survival spear-Things are looking up for me.-I might actually win.-10 minutes remaining and the map starts to close.-There are only 4 players left-8 minutes remaning and there are 3 players remaining.-6 minutes and it just the two of us.-I have all the confidence in the world-He starts shooting blowdarts with extreme precision.-I vomit multiple times.-He finally comes closer to me-He takes out his chainsaw-I take out my gun.-I shoot him point blank-All the shots miss.-Im out of bullets.-Take out my survival spear-Then he just one shots me with a chainsaw I went from 60 health to 5-I muster all my strength-I take a stab at him-I miss-He chainsaws me one final time-I'm dead-I rage and hit my desk-I message my friend telling him this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and I will never play it again-I continue to play it420/69 would rage again"
76561198258164520,Not Recommended,437220,30537572,Posted: 16 March,all,An1me_An@1 |<-----,The game is difficult and the shooting makes it even worse when you aim it doesnt work well nor good.
76561198121898828,Recommended,437220,21876757,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Muugi,We can play a red-headed black man.10/10
76561198255783395,Recommended,437220,23060238,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,voidmanbg,thisss game is awesomee
,Recommended,437220,22586916,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,crazycock,Хуй ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а.
76561198115525968,Recommended,437220,22296921,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,WALTON ON THE FRIES PLEASE,"i came out of the hunger games movie thinking, Gee i wanna be in the hunger games but not die (ironic). so i paroozed the steam store looking for the perfect game when my friend says ""hey the cullings just like that"" so i make a mad dash for the steam store to pick up this jem and sit staring at the download page for half an hour till it downloaded. i opened up the game to be greated by a fun tutorial that gave me freedom and not the a moves you left and w moves your forward, but with a sarcastic commentator with a love for people killing each other. so after the practise grenade throws and the barrels exploding i went into my first game and died in the first minutes. so i desided to go again, and again and again until i became victorious and felt better than getting an A+ on a maths test. The Culling gives a heart racing action packed game that really gets your heart racing."
76561198045888299,Not Recommended,437220,22532275,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Negan,Lag Lag Lag. People teleporting all over the place and hitting you while youre blocking. Combat just feels very unresponsive and glitchy.1/10 dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,437220,22757189,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vinylicious,Okay so this game has got a good tutorial system and for a Alpha its all right. but this game 90% of the time is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. unless you play this game 24/7 with the patience of a monk you will hate it. like i do. would no reccomend to any casual gamers. maybe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. cause thats what this game plays to
76561198138957802,Not Recommended,437220,22771636,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Noice,"Terrible fighting system and terrible lag, Not balanced what so ever, and not worth my money, dont buy this game...."
76561198067246942,Recommended,437220,22152846,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Soulreaper390,This game is great! Keep in mind that it's in early access so there will be some bugs and problems. Give this game a chance you wont regret it I know I did'nt.
76561198138162251,Not Recommended,437220,22688859,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,luigi,♥♥♥♥♥laggy game :DDD
76561198196590979,Not Recommended,437220,22689290,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,folyqa   _,"DayZ runs better than this after the latest ""hotfix""congratulations on ruining an extremely fun EA title"
,Not Recommended,437220,22665578,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Stolen Memes,its crap
76561198144529381,Not Recommended,437220,22492358,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,GreasyCoon,"So at first I was very excited to get this game, the trailer made it look awesome, but I have been severely dissapointed from the moment I began playing.1. There is a steep learning curve, you're going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥on for 10+ hours before you even have a fighting chance2. Don't let the trailer fool you, guns are essentially non-existant, I would say 1 in 4 games maybe get guns in them, and even then its usually just a pistol from an airdrop. ALSO guns don't really matter because you can just sprint up to whoever is using it and slap it out of their hands.3. Once you figure it out there are around 3-4 classes that are incredibly OP so everyone just uses those, there is little variety in how people kill (submission with bludgeon, backstab with taser)4. The actual fighting mechanics. The fighting mechanics are so sketchy and convoluded it is half button mashing and half guessing what they are thinking, which you think would be a good system, but especially with how some of the perks. People describe it as a 'rock paper scissors' which would be true if rock paper scissors was a game of three ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ literally throwing rocks, paper ninja stars, and trying to stab each other with safety scissors. Rule of thumb: just sprint around like a ♥♥♥♥ing retard and try to hit the other player in the back.5. How to win: hide the entire game as much as possible. Wait until there are 3 people left. Let them fight. Run in and kill the person left living with probably half health or less, i've gotten a few wins this way. Also generally applies to any other time other people are fighting. Essentially, if you are engaged in a fight you're probably going to lose.It's a cool idea just very poorly executed, fighting system sucks and is sketchy, timing is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I would not buy this game if you like the trailer. Go for a different survival game or arena fighter, just not this one, I can almost gaurantee you'll regret buying it."
,Recommended,437220,22290606,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Zero,"In a remote island paradise, 16 contestants have 20 minutes to crash, get killed by dodgy combat, get slaughtered by broken overpowered weapons and use broken physics. Only one will be crowned the winner, do you have the guts to survive?BUT THE GAMES ♥♥♥♥ING ADDICTIVE AND I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,437220,22916173,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheProblemOfEvil,Its good mate
,Recommended,437220,24929604,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ZigabanchSqueed,"You know the phrase ""if you cant beat em, join em"". Well you see that... is this....except you die.5/10 Psychopathic tribal counsels."
,Recommended,437220,21658258,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mohawkd12,"6 Suggestions for the Developers:1. The initial 3-item carrying capacity is extremely annoying. Even just 5 slots would be better, and having backpacks that give you an extra 3 or so. I find I never use traps and it is difficult to carry bandages, needles, or a man finder when you have such limited space.2. The amount of perks is awesome. However, allowing only 3 at a time feels like a missed opportunity to have specific class types. Having four or even five perks would allow trappers to utilize all trapping perks, etc etc, and would make each player different from each other further.3. Adding a few more different ""special events"" like the 3 packages that drop in the center (2 rigged with the explosives) would be great. It's a great idea and adds an exciting element to the game, but it would be awesome if there were a few different ones and each game one or two happened, to make each game a little more unique.4. It might be on my end (I'm in US) but I find that about 80% of my games start me in one of three different spots, and I'm sick of starting at the same place over and over.5. I'm sure you're already working on it, but a few different maps would be amazing as well.6. Player Statistics, including first place wins. As it stands now, you don't really gain anything from winning. Even just a statistic would provide a better feeling of accomplishment at the end.I only focused on negatives here, because I feel these are important things to look into improving if you wish to gain and retain avid players. I didn't just list anything I thought would be cool, these specific things are virtually the only annoyances I have with the game, and would make the difference between me reccommending it to friends or not.However, you've got a great game here. Seriously, it's fun as hell. And I'm excited to see how it will overcome these few small obstacles and improve over time. Thanks, and keep up the awesome work!"
,Recommended,437220,22667620,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,blue,better than sex.... well not... it's better than the no-internet dinosour game on google
76561197997861052,Recommended,437220,22260409,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Richard The Necromancer,EDITED: Honestly the game is fun when you first start out. But the more you play it the more you realize how many stupid bugs and glitches there are. The Combat is about 80% RNG.  And if Xavient keeps the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs they currently have that for some reason cant manage to make a map in unreal engine in a year the games playerbase is dying so fast because they just keep pumping out updates that nobody asked for. Nerfing and buffing things based on what the like 2 Streamers that play this game complain about.Good game but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs that dont know what they are doing
,Recommended,437220,22433457,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,imTylxr,"you need to fix the BLOCKING, if im blocking, i want to actually block,"
,Recommended,437220,21859810,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jelly Stick,its ight
,Not Recommended,437220,33492174,Posted: 12 July,all,SynShadows,sucks
,Recommended,437220,21671126,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[RO.RU]Brembo,Very fun game! Despite some early access issues it is totally worth playing. Kill or be killed!
,Recommended,437220,21670194,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NSK | Ticom,"I enjoyed H1Z1 for a while, I had hopes that it would be great and I even wrote a review to defend it. But I must admit it let me down in the long run. It was feeling like we couldn't get a proper survival game because people just wanted to take 2 crap patties and put them together and call it done... or alpha.That being said, even it its current state The Culling meets ALL of my expectations. Its not complete chaos, its very calculated and precise. A limited Inventory, to the point crafting system and Rock vs Paper combat system works great. Speed can be great, but sometimes a good whack from a 2 handed Sledge Hammer can turn the tide of battle. ( And by god it will) but is it the best weapon? Nope. Anyone with a good mindsett and combat prowess can turn a fight easily with a crafted stone knife.The addition of Perks and choose your own Airdrop are huge for replay value. Of course it depends on your build, but its really hard to find your self at a disadvantage.As for appearance loot drops, this is awesome. Now I know they say that rewards are given based on performance and winning, but I've won almost all of my matches in my near 20 hours of play so far and all I get are GOD DAMNED COWBOY HATS!..."
,Recommended,437220,21670334,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Potato,I LOVE IT! SO MUCH BLOOD AND DEAD AND SURVIVAL! this is honestly the single greatest thing i had the pleasure of playing.
76561197997086702,Recommended,437220,25130475,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,makkator,Most intense gaming experience I had in years!
76561198068991520,Recommended,437220,25133501,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Turtle,"Love the game, just wish I knew how to fight."
,Recommended,437220,25241990,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lucky Blue,Really fun game with a friend.
,Recommended,437220,25119606,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Alpier,Web Browser Simulator 2016
,Recommended,437220,22289602,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dros Hyrozan,Its like Double Dare.Only with knives and poison gas instead of goo.
76561198121174745,Recommended,437220,21629958,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Al Chapo,"It's a Hard Core survival game without the time sink B.S.Use all the survival technique's you would use in rust, dayz, ect in 20 minute matches which give you upfront action or the option to use stealth or guerilla tactic's.The gas will not determine how you play. It simply push's everyone too the middle in the late game and does not creep in like H1Z1It also performs very well in it's early access state.----------------30 hours logged so far.Game just received it's first update today which added some content and balanced things out. development is looking to be moving a nice pace so far."
,Recommended,437220,21966372,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Earmufti,*tase**Backstab**tase**Backstab**tase**Backstab**Out of tases; throws taser**Kills Opponent**Wins*
,Recommended,437220,21967140,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Edarin - 病気の,"No zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just players trying to kill each other."
76561198012897699,Recommended,437220,21966045,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Zarkys,Really feels like the hunger games ! Definitly recommand it
,Recommended,437220,21966393,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,RAIZO,"STRESS REDUCTION SIMULATOR 2016Steps to relieving stress:1> Kill people2> If step 1 fails kill yourself, preferably with a long drop from a high place or explosives3> Should steps 1 and 2 not work you can always rage-quitWelcome to The Culling!"
,Recommended,437220,25035989,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,|Ordo| MrRamboRex,"Don’t get me wrong, this game is fun and all. The only thing is over the past few months it has seen a constant decline in players. Recently the decline increased dramatically, this due to the latest update. When they update came out it was fine, then everyone noticed that the perks of Stunner, Knuckle Dragger and the Wound Cripple were all broken. Stunner is giving people the ability to cripple you 100% of the time with a wound intensity of 1 which dose 95% of max movement speed for 10 Seconds where intensity 3 dose 80% for 5 Seconds. Only weapons with that are Baseball Bats, Pipe Wrench and SledgeHammer (You’d think those would do 95% not 80%). Then you have knuckle Dragger which boost brass knuckles (Originally 6-18 Damage) to 9-27 while doing Cripple at 95% of Speed for 7 seconds making it basically do equal damage as a sledge hammer (11-33) but with a faster hit speed. And to top all of this off the one thing both perks have in common with everything is the fact it give you cripple, as do weapons under the Bludgeon tier . Below you will see info  about cripple (This was taken from the official Culling wiki which they update frequently).--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Cripple can be applied by bludgeon weapons, Punji sticks, Caltrops, Disability Insurance (via blowgun, stun gun and smoke grenade), Alarm Guns(with the Red Gunner perk) explosions and through fall damage. Most applications of cripple last 5 seconds, except fall damage which lasts 10 seconds.It works by setting an enemies running speed to a certain percentage of his normal running speed. This means that it does not matter how many movement perks and buffs someone has when they get crippled.•	Wound intensity * = 95% of max movement speed for 10 seconds•	Wound intensity ** = 90% of max movement speed for 7.5 seconds•	Wound intensity *** = 80% of max movement speed for 5 seconds•	Wound intensity **** = 70% of normal speed (only applied by explosives and taking fall damage)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As you see the Wound Intensity is so broken, it’s making tier 1 weapons do more cripple time then tier 3 or 4."
,Recommended,437220,22484420,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,fatsoh,It's like ark without gay dinosaurs and it actually runs good
,Recommended,437220,22189271,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Superskunq,"This game is very impressive for an early access game, huge variety of perks and weapons in the game. You could murder people all day and have it be interesting, fun and different everytime. The melee system is basically rock, paper, scissors shoot but instead. Attack, block, shove. But it's not as luck based as alot of people have been saying considering you're face to face with your opponent trying to predict his next move.Its worth mentioning they update the game very often with major balance changes and bug fixes. However I've only come across a couple minor bugs that didn't impact the game whatsoever.The only bad parts are that the kill times a little bit too long(tier 1 weapons do about 6 dmg with an uncharge attack). This means you will have to hit somebody 17 times in the front or 9 in the back.Bows are pretty weak and all the perks are just terrible. The best being +40% dmg at 40+ meters away, in my experience i usually only proc it 2-3 times per match. Most archery involves kiting and short ranged headshots. So it's basically a wasted perk.This game is poorly optimised like every other survival Early access title, I have an A10 3.8ghz and R9 380 with hyperx memory and only get 30-45 fps max, when I lower the graphics settings I actually get worse framerate and would suggest experimenting with some different settings.Overall I'd rate this game 8/10  and would definently rate it higher once the game runs better and is more polished. Just buy it, I'm 75 hours into this game and not even closed to being bored with it. I'll see you in Culco Jungle."
,Recommended,437220,21878766,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,saul_g00dman,pretty good
,Recommended,437220,22115928,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Legend249,This game is great because they will pair you up with another player for multi team. Its my favorite game when im looking to jump on and play a something for 20 minutes.
,Recommended,437220,22192743,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Vivi,"Early Access; Game handles like a dream. Fun to play with friends or solo. Matches start nice & fast.Mechanics and Options are of course subject to change but the current changes to the game as of (4/2/2016)-Loving It.Don't bother breading any Negative review that starts with; ""Game was fun but patch"" or ""Melee before the Patch"" Those are just really salty kids who have no concept of how to adapt to changes.Combat before was random. Button Mashy, and required absolutely no talent, skill, practice, or prep/execution.(Combat before = Q-Hit-Hit-Q-Hit-HIt-Q (repeat till blocked) -Block-Hit-Hit-Q-Hit-Hit-Q (repeat till blocked)Combat now requires very minimal time to learn but with a noticeable level of complexity from weapon selection, load out preparation, Perk Selection, giving a deeper feeling of involvement in how matches play out.Those of the community (about 20%) decided that because they were only good @ button mashing & game wins came easy when it was basically 'Rock - Paper - Scissors' and Scissors didn't work have the time that they would slam some negative reviews and like the self entitled little ♥♥♥♥♥ of the world that they are, most read ""will change negative review back if you ""do what I want"" with it"". Disgusting children.Which is completely unfair to the validity of this patch, the work and effort that went into it produced a game that I now firmly believe is on the right track. Devs rock, 80% of the community rocks, and with about a year to go, the game has plenty of time climb to the top."
,Recommended,437220,22172765,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Doctor of Bootyology,"For alpha, it's great.Keep in mind it's in alpha. Buy it."
,Recommended,437220,21911218,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Hahli144,Not H1Z1.10/10
76561198118450696,Not Recommended,437220,23278925,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BEECHER,bad game!!!!! do not spent 10.99 on this♥♥♥♥♥♥buy rust for 15 it is so much better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,437220,21984888,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Eyeball Bill,Crash Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,437220,24768542,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Raisin,"THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU CANT PLAY MORE THEN 1 ROUND BEFORE YOU DISCONNECT AND WHEN YOU DISCONNECT ITS ONLY WHEN YOUR DOING GOOD THEY REALLY LIKE TO ♥♥♥♥ YOU IN THIS GAME, THE DEVELOPERS SOUL PURPOSE IS TO MAKE YOU MISSERABLE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,437220,22168929,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Deserter csgolive.com,I'd r8 this 8/8 m8.  It's like battle royale in H1Z1 but the game is designed to be a battle royale.
,Recommended,437220,22445382,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,InferNovus,"This... Is the story of BrianAnd why The Culling will make you laugh, rage, have crazy adrenaline rushes, and cry.This is the story of BrianNotBrian to be exact.I had heard him walking inside of a building I was soon to raid. I placed a remote explosive on the door that I was sure he was to come out. I then pretended to grind up a weapon so he would come out easily where I could kill him, and take his loot. But then I heard something. Brian was standing at the window on the top floor. Jumping up and down. I jumped back. Eventually, he came down to the second floor where I saw him. We stood there staring at each other until I dropped the spear that I had made, and backed away from it.Brian was still cautious, and just before we had to make any decisions, another man turned around the corner. Stepping directly on the remote explosive that I had placed. I quickly took it out and blew it up, covering the walls and floor in his blood. As he tried to limp away, I took out a crowbar and mercilessly bludgeoned him to death with it, staining everything, as Brian just sat and watched.. After my massacre, I looked up at him. He was not sure about what I was going to do. So I threw my crowbar, and just as I was backing away to give it to him, Brian turned and looked at the man behind me. Brian threw his small crafted knife at him and it hit. We just looked at the man and the man looked at us. We both raised our hands, blocked, and swung side to side, the universal friend gesture. The man then quickly turned around and walked away. He was then shot to death afterwards. Brian and I took this opportunity and ran. Brian picked up the crowbar and I followed him. We became best friends, I did not know it was possible to make friends.We came across another man. And like the other, he ran. Brian and I chased the man but we could not catch him. And so, Brian and I went on adventures together.  We went into a building, opened up the doors and raided it, by then we had  become comfortable enough with each other to stand for next to each other with our weapons out, there was no way either one of us would betray each other. We walked into the building, I gave him a knife which he would not take. I spent so much time getting that Bowie knife and he wouldn't take it. He eventually did, but then I saw him grind it up, like there was nothing to my love for him, I found a saber, turned to look at Brian, but, I knew I would not betray him. Even though I was hurt. I then made a bow and we headed out finally.At this point I had returning craving of a sandwich. I had to leave, but I could not leave Brian alone. I could not leave him…By himself.At this point I was getting the urges. I needed to protect Brian. I needed to get him out of this horrible world. And so... I did what I needed to do. I needed to leave, and so did Brian. I took my bow out. Aiming it directly at the centerof his forehead. Brian don't know what was going to happen so he only pulled out another knife and crouched. I did not fire. But I did break his trust. He decided to go into a cave and Open an item crate. At this I made my move. I drove my saber deep into the small of his back. There was a pause. He did not know what was happening. I hit him again. And again. And again, and that great man just took it. He eventually pulled out something, however. He did not swing at me. He only took out one thing.As he fell to the floor, that one thing fell from his grasp.The Bowie knife.I left that cave, covered in his blood, and my regret. I walked into the poison fog at the edge of the arena...never to come out.I am sorry NotBrian, but I needed to do it. After all, there can only be one. But neither of us were...The OneRIP NotBrian.Buy this game.You need a Brian.11/10 IGN"
76561198281523602,Recommended,437220,22173850,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NuttyDazman,"1.MUST HAVE, BUY ASAP!!!2.Really great game! If it’s your kind of thing, buy it :D3.It’s a pretty good game, i would get it when it’s on sale4.It’s not that good, quite a few cons they can improve on :/5.Turn away, go look for another game because this one should not be touchedOk so i like this game, played a few hours and it has some fun and difficult moments but i think for now that it is in early access, i think it needs a lot more content (More maps, weapons and modes etc) But if you REALLY want it, then go for it, but if you thinks it looks cool but needs more content, wait until it goes on sale :)"
,Recommended,437220,22223197,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,I hate weeaboos #5th pos,There is some bugs like brass knucles disappear when thrown.
,Recommended,437220,22221611,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Vic,cool game it is very brutalif you to win money from a game this is yours gameit drops an item after every game and you can sell it in steami don't like this game only because of the money   i like it because it has very interesting gameplay10/10
76561198173044270,Not Recommended,437220,22147006,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,atomictomato93,i do not recomend this game as it can only be played on window devices
76561198166992364,Recommended,437220,22609010,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Arthur Morgan,"Need Help!!!My friend and i can´t play, When we invite in The Culling nothing shows up for my friend then he invites me it still doesn´t work. It works sometimes and sometimes not!!!"
76561198046498149,Recommended,437220,22524688,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jambuster,"I was walking around and heard people fighting off to my right so I thought to myself ""Hey maybe I can get some kills."" So I walk on over to the air strip to see two people fighting with two others watching. One of the fighters begins to back off so I throw my Trusty Branch™ at him and kill him. One of the other two onlookers begins to attack the other original fighter. I make eye contact with the other onlooker, a man in gray with a crafted spear. I jump. He jumps. I crouch. He crouches. We're not certified best friends. One of the two fighting dies and we murder the last one. My new friend wishes to join me in my escapades, but I am hesitant due to previous experiences ending in my dismay. I tell him to leave and we go our seperate ways.Flash forward to endgame. It has only been Phase One of map closure when I see the man in gray on top of the Culmination. I run up to him and jump. He jumps. We stand our ground when I realise that my crafted hatchet wont cut it. I look for a blue box to open but they've all been opened previously. My friend runs off and gets himself killed or something i dont know so I call in my airdrop and no one stops me. I have my firemans axe now and am ready to win. It's final three and the other two are fighting as I watch on. One dies, the victor comes for me. I kill him easily and win with 3 kills, yet only dealing a total of 70 damage.11/10"
,Recommended,437220,22523724,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SNooBL,"Super thrill if you've got the skill!Winning a round killing off many other contestants in a thrilling survival and skillful combat system can be super fun. Sometimes its frustrating when latency or lagg make the fighting difficult, but overall a very special experience!I was worried about patches but there have been many changes and additions in a single month."
76561198088527174,Not Recommended,437220,22292684,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MarchingDelta,Just change the name to lag and rubber banding simulator 2016 because that's the only thing this game does
76561198081153719,Not Recommended,437220,22295933,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"Poorly optimized, I refunded due to a resolution problem that i couldn't fix."
,Recommended,437220,21958888,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,JFJ,"The game is very well done, and would benefit intensley with more content. That being saidprosLoads of funtons of variety, you'll most likley not meet someone with the same perks/airdrops or even outfit.tons of cosmetics for you faglords that spend money on the market or sell on the market.I wouldn't say ""in depth"" but definetly different combat.more than 30 hours and I'm coming back for more.great with friendsupdated bi-monthlyresponsive devsfeelings of triumph after winning a battle with low tier weapons.You're NEVER GUARENTEED TO LOSEevery weapon has a drawback, exploit it, and winvery polite announcer.With so many pros there's bound to be cons.ConsLag affects combat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton, a lagger will get behind you and destroy you hard.if you fight a pro your chances of winning dwindle into decimals.They seem to know EXACTLY when you're attacking even though there's a multitude of things that could happen.this one is more of a complaint than a con, a noticable amount of bugs.Blocking sometimes and sometimes doesn't work.the fov seems to be off by JUST a tad, making shoving a gamble.it's a very good game, that has a neat combat system involving traps, guns, sledgehammers, and blowdarts.I recomend watching like 2-3 of some faggy youtuber to see what it's about. It's a good game. I'd recomend it."
,Recommended,437220,21976265,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Stew,"Extremly fun game, played best with a friend. Very challenging and go good combat system.BUT! The game has ALOT of problems, mostly being due to the game not being finished, the main reason i came to write a review is because me and my frend just killed 12 players in one match, and it doesnt feel very rewarding for killing another player, sure you can get their loot, or get a small boost of funk points, but when you win a game with having killed the entire servers group of players, the game just gives you a baseball cap that you already own and says play again."
76561198152771459,Recommended,437220,21977937,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,lojus,"I only got this game a fairly recently and I have already logged quite a bit of my time into it. Let me start off by saying that this game is very, very addictive and as you already know it is basically the Hunger Games (The Game). It does have have a few bugs, such as sometimes it will randomly crash, but you have to be aware that this is an early access game. I definitely recomend The Culling."
,Recommended,437220,25509510,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Rhyze,Fantastic game it is the best game i played
,Recommended,437220,22932248,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TheCoreyMatthews™,pretty fun
,Not Recommended,437220,22921753,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SarnXero,"The concept is great and I've had fun playing but the lag and imprecise controls make every fight a crap shoot. Once they  fix the problems of people rubberbanding around in fights or attacks completely bypassing blocks, the game will be a lot more fun to play. Will check in again next patch."
,Not Recommended,437220,22921991,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hunt++,"Game mechanics are not intuitive, weapons and perks are unbalanced, and multiplayer is too difficult to get into for a new player 2/10"
,Recommended,437220,22097277,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Deanis,Didn't like the Hunger Games movie... like the Hunger Games Video Game
,Recommended,437220,21883802,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mr.E,"Took me 8 hours to download the game. Went in-game for a few minutes to test out fps. So far so good.Next day, go on Steam to find 2.7 GB update that took another 8 hours.either way can barely throw spearseven if i've barely played this, i'm loving it already 10/10"
76561198049987641,Not Recommended,437220,23258542,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SuperFuckTard,"Game was great, they apply a patch and♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan, everything suck, the game feels wrong, and dev are poor."
,Recommended,437220,23976740,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LEONTONER,Killed Sodapoppin in this game so I love it even blew him up ;) ANELEhttp://imgur.com/xBSBNxF
76561198084495955,Not Recommended,437220,22703411,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dank Vader,Bought the gameInstalled itCrashed and FPS droped to 0Tried again and again for 3498567458976 timesWent to steam supportUpdated my drivers which was supposedly gonna help meNothing happenedUninstalled and ReinstalledAgain nothing happenedLost my ultimate hype for this gameGot frustrated1st time ever i demanded a refund on steam
76561198100393076,Recommended,437220,31476807,Posted: 30 April,all,The Reaper,Thank god for the stagger patch.
,Recommended,437220,22038018,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Wije 🔷,Very Cool Much Wow
,Not Recommended,437220,30546405,Posted: 16 March,all,TinkerTyler,"Not what it was a year ago, what the heck happened?  I think in general it felt like you were captured and forced to fight in this arena, but now it feels like its all volunteer.  I don't know, the whole game feels wrong now.4/27 update:  This hasnt gotten pulled off the steam store yet?"
76561198149839711,Not Recommended,437220,22593509,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,【RisH🍁】Doger,
,Recommended,437220,23079869,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DEARDE! csgoroll.com,THE HUNGER GAMES<3 BEST GAME IN THE WORLD.
,Not Recommended,437220,29171956,Posted: 10 January,all,bob ross,"i had to wait  7-8 min to start play, i got 0 support from others in game.."
,Recommended,437220,21967643,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,eÇÇo,"After playing this game for +/- 8 hours, I think I have to say something about it.It is really an interesting concept and this ""last man standing"" idea has been put into large cyberpunk subtropical arena, which shrinks as 25 minuts time limit gets closer.Overall I am satisfied more than I expected, however mainly regarding combat smoothness and accuracy, there is still a big job to do. For instance to use effectively ranged weapons require patienceHighlights :- wide span of approaches, almost each of my 30 -40 games were way different- real feeling about man vs man fight- every hit counts, killing someone is usually not a matter of hiting randomly left mousebutton- looking really good with wide options of graphics settings- well balanced damage vs HP, bonus damage areas...really a lot depending on your skills- minimum bugs for EA- sometimes I think that spawn location is unfairly in the middle of nowhere- pepper spray too OP- crafting not always logic and crafted weapons are barely usable in late game ( after 10 minutes )- I miss some overall stats about kills , damage...at least I did not find them yet- announcer is ridiculous -> usually stating things like : someone just killed someone else with axe :)Really promising game in development"
,Recommended,437220,21968034,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Griff,"This game has extreme potential. As an early access game, it is already a great game! But just thinking on how much they can add to this game with new weapons, maps, etc. This will be an amazing game when it is complete. If you haven't checked out this game yet, I highly recommend it"
76561198159474557,Recommended,437220,22805435,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[chez] Grumpee | wildcase.com,"Not gonna lie but, this is definetely me when I'm Katniss"
76561198204729856,Recommended,437220,21897160,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TLAYNETHEGAME,this game is good
,Recommended,437220,22524144,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ScarsAndStripes,"*EARLY ACCESS REVIEW*The short: The Culling is an incredibly fun and incredibly frustrating game that shines in spite of its many flaws.The long: The Culling shares premise with the films Battle Royale and Hunger Games, placing contestants in an expansive arena to fight to the death. At the moment, it offers 16 player Free for All and Team Mode with eight teams of two players. Note that over 95% of my game time reflects Team Mode.Contestants begin the game separate from other contestants (and their teammate) and must make a mad-scramble to craft or scavenge for much needed equipment. Weapons, stims, utility items, and traps are all able to be found and have their specific uses. Players can also request airdrops of specific equipment once they harvested enough FUNC, the game’s currency. More aggressive, or opportunistic, players can also take equipment from other players…after savagely murdering them.The majority of combat is focused on melee combat. Using a rock-paper-scissors formula, players must tactically strike, block, and shove to keep their opponent off-balance and attack when the moment presents itself. Archery and thrown weapons give players options to kill other players when not immediately in front of them. While fairly rare or expensive, explosives and firearms give players a deadly advantage if used correctly.At the moment (Build 1070417), combat can be erratic and unreliable. Many players in regions without servers are experiencing twice to triple pings resulting in phantom hits and unreliable blocking. Each build has tried to address the unevenness of melee combat but it’s currently a button mash to the death.Players also have the ability to customize their character building using three Perk slots. Perks can be directly related to combat, such as giving damage boosts with a specific weapon or immunity to backstabs. Other perks are more utilitarian, allowing the player to start with specific equipment or run slightly faster. Some perks are clearly more useful than others at the moment but there are still enough viable perks to make a fresh character build should you get bored.Despite the glaring issues, the developers actively seek to improve the game. Though each update doesn’t fix every issue, it’s clearly moving in the right direction.Overall, the game is amazing. The rounds rarely feel the same and have an almost rogue-like feel to them. Finding new strategies, using traps in new ways, or just changing your perks keeps the game just entertaining enough to forgive the lack of other maps and much-needed features. If you go into this game remembering it’s in-development, you’ll find an FPS that’s a fresh alternative to the usual run-and-gun games."
,Recommended,437220,23879576,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ASTRO,D4NK G4M3
,Recommended,437220,23883319,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,war2244,"Now, is this game good? Yes. Is this game worth the price? Yes. Is the game playable? Not unless you have a really good computer. I can run Planetsides 2 with basically no lag, I run this game on lowest settins and get a frame rate of 5-10. This game needs to be opitimized. I'd say wait to buy until you have a good computer or this game gets alot of updates and gets optimized."
,Not Recommended,437220,22056678,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,feedonswords,0/1 combat is trash too laggy
76561198068554832,Recommended,437220,22751734,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pip,AMAZING!!!!
76561198017232763,Recommended,437220,22771686,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bestie,"Very fun, even if it's not a perfect game. The crafting is pretty basic, but very effective for the sort of game it is. Would like more character customization, but I'm sure that will come soon. Wait times were way better than what i expected them to be. Would be pretty cool if they did like a faction server where you can do 3v3v3v3, that would be cool, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,437220,22667547,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Punk-Rock \m/,░░░░░░░░ The Culling░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198292969489,Recommended,437220,25782894,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ギダセ SKINMAX.gg,It Is Good Game
76561198027651624,Not Recommended,437220,29258749,Posted: 14 January,all,Aka,"Used to be an amzing game. However, the devs refused to listen to the playes and instead constantly change critical aspects of the game that did not need to be changed. The game has gone so far down the drain that almost no one plays it anymore causing it to take about 10-30 minutes to find a game"
76561198163062395,Recommended,437220,26346141,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mejoey1313,"Fun, but laggs;-;"
,Recommended,437220,28300237,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dax,"Buys The Culling.Play a few matches and die a lot because I suck.Gets into team gamemodes.Meets teammate.Fights against the world slaughting all in our path.Get into intense battle with last team standing.Punch enemy 1 in the face and use his gun to shoot enemy 2Enemy 1 pulls a second gun out of his pants and fires three shots.All hit my teamate in the chest...He hits the ground writhing in pain...""I'm not going to make it..."" He says, then dies in my arms.Enemy 1 tries to flee into the woods.I throw my machete and hit him in the neck.The screen turns yellow what are these words? Victory?How can it be victory without him?The reward wheel spins (It happens at the end of every match or when you die.)Finally a reward fit for a winner...It's... It'sCommon Blue Hair that I'll never use because why the ♥♥♥♥ would I want to wear bright blue in the jungle?Good game... GG teammate."
76561198188501811,Recommended,437220,22839685,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RipsKops,this game is nice to play whit your frends and just have fun.. But when i playalone i do well and i win like 40% my games and that is good for me but i cant understand idea off going ffa and teaming up whit som 1 that is so stupid and unfare and i write this cus just 2 mins  ago i got fuced by 3 man premade in ffa! ♥♥♥♥ off if u cant play alone go play teams if u have no frends go playteams game will give u a partner so u dont need to die alone but dont team up in ffa !
76561198298256435,Recommended,437220,24007020,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheRealLolcifer,"Although it's a little buggy and laggy, it is still in development and is incredibly enjoyable to play"
,Recommended,437220,24151115,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mr_Inglorious,"At first its a little hard to play, but after a while when you learn how to craft and play it becomes very fun and very addictive. Only downside is that you have to wait long for queues,"
76561198115643648,Recommended,437220,24218294,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gimme Boins,"The game is quite fun, however mainly the way hand to hand combat works takes quite some time getting used to and mastering"
76561198073168194,Recommended,437220,24219563,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bematoxylin,the game is fun and addictive
,Recommended,437220,29652873,Posted: 2 February,all,Super Snark 2: The Revengeance,"Steven Spielberg's masterful re-interpretation of The Hunger Games, a story originally riddled with AIDS and a plot concocted by an evil Orangutan by the name Suzanne Collins.8 out of 10 stars, WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE F.U.N.C. STATION?"
,Recommended,437220,22888064,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Thecrazywun,"I RARELY write reveiws so listen.the culling is one of the most thrilling experiences ive had with a game in a long time.basically ripped off the good parts of the hunger games, and made it as a dark humortype of theme seems to make me laugh even in a middle of a fight. ""You got Knockedthe ♥♥♥♥ OUT!"" after i had died, i never laughed so hard from a game. ive got around 80games in my collection and i try to have fun with them all, but this keeps making me comeback for more. even when i rage quit to♥♥♥♥♥♥i tried again, because looting was so awesomeand you could save your air drops if theyre random.i feel the combat needs some more fixes with if some one hit u or not and exactly where they hit u.noticed headshots alot of times dont do nearly enough than it should. even stabbing someone afk in thehead with a javalen has to have some effect after 8 hits.other than that 9.5/10  because they are fixing combat.buy for your friends and ♥♥♥♥ them up!"
76561198063500378,Not Recommended,437220,22061612,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,HORNY HARRY,"♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME, i have broken my fist from lots of fisting, but not as badly as ♥♥♥♥ing playing this game. RIP desk"
,Not Recommended,437220,25026800,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mister spoo,To be honest this game showed alot of promise at the start but these day's the game just isn't rewarding any more and because of that it feel's more like a chore then any thing alse and the sad part is i used to like this game. now to go off on a tangent I've just got this feeling that the dev's don't have an end game or a goal for this game It just feel's like don't know witch way to take this game in there just at the cross road's of where this game could go and what I think is there taking one step at one path then taking two step's back to try the next path and the same song and dance happens again and again. let me just get this straight for you i don't hate the dev's It just feel's like they don't know where to go with this.(UPDATE may 1st 2017)holy mother of god  what have they donejust why? they changed the trait system completelythese changes and updates are confusing at bestand arguvating at worsti don't even want this game in my steam library anymore
76561198142083139,Recommended,437220,23959873,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SuperDuckyGames,whats going on its saying i need to update the game but theres no updates coming out
76561198140983077,Recommended,437220,23945913,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ScaareN,log in. choose region west. que says 3 minutes. game starts 20 minutes later. lose first first fight to the manny pacquiao of the culling. leave game. reque. 10/10
76561198035176344,Recommended,437220,24206061,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SebastianWS,"Awesome, action packed hunger games esque gameplay. Good replayability despite only 1 map"
76561198123912018,Recommended,437220,25720203,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,aLLaH,Very fun when you get the hang of it!
,Recommended,437220,25923200,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PyroGamer23,"Waited 10 min in queueGame StartsMade a makeshift bow and arrowFound a tracking device along with a compound bow, so I get rid of wooden bowFind a person with trackerI use my bow, they use a makeshift spearThey kill me with ease10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,437220,25942200,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PYRO,AWESOME GAME !! Definitely recommend
,Recommended,437220,26195736,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,HansonGo,when it will be on sale
76561198119591084,Not Recommended,437220,24603570,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sinister,It was fun in the beggining then just go extremely boring
,Not Recommended,437220,26503018,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Capt. Orion,"Dead player base, no body playes it any more.So kind of useless because it's a multiplayer game :/ sad enough."
76561198283957311,Recommended,437220,25809563,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,tylerr__03,Very good fun interestin chanllening
76561198223708644,Recommended,437220,26005008,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KernalKermiT,"As a newer player Thank You. I've followed the game since it was heavily streamed on Twitch and finally got a machine to play it myself. Now that I've had the time and played JUST before the perk patch, I'm enjoying the rebalancing of areas. While I am not doing a million times better. I dont feel jilted having lesser knowledge base when I finally die."
,Recommended,437220,25927131,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shaitän,"Very good games , pvp , player vs player , all need to distract me ."
76561198151012540,Recommended,437220,25951717,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,skullhead3010,the game is really awesome man!thank you for making live!8999 / over 9000!!!get it?
76561198024850979,Recommended,437220,22258488,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,sigmasoldier,"Its the Condemned and I AM STEVE AUSTIN. Except weaker, dumber, and my head seems to attract alot of arrows"
76561198108002313,Recommended,437220,22537315,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ui,This game is only a survival/hungergames wich is a super small thing compared to other games. Its amazing how a goal simple as this can be super fun.Recommed to buy !
,Recommended,437220,21725112,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ミ,F.U.N.C.Y.
,Not Recommended,437220,22996728,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mazkee,"GTA V, high graphics: stable 60fpsRainbow Six: Siege, High graphics: stable 60fpsThe Culling, potato graphics: 30-40fps10/10"
,Recommended,437220,24160433,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Revs,this is the best game ive ever played but the graphics are poor quality if your pc is not the best
,Not Recommended,437220,22198754,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jlewison,This game has a lot of potential but as of right now everything feels really clunky and non-intuitive. Especially the combat. Wait to buy this one.
,Not Recommended,437220,32620107,Posted: 21 June,all,ZravanRaven,Game is Dead GG
76561198148700891,Recommended,437220,31612199,Posted: 7 May,all,L I A M,"Would i suggest you getting this game? Yes and no... If it was 3-5 months ago i Would have strongly suggested that you gave this games a go However the recent updates have taken away that feeling that i always got from the Culling ""Survival"" but now they are fighting in Modern Places like prison and stuff it just does not feel rightAlso Got the Game when it came out"
,Recommended,437220,24329111,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Citizen-Steel,TheCulling is fun and a good game. Its best part is its not based on luck but based on skill .Its really fun crafting weapons .its kinda like reality but crushind two stones doesnt give u a knife soo yea but fun and i highly recommend this game to everone
,Recommended,437220,30656274,Posted: 21 March,all,Dinkleberg,The was going to♥♥♥♥♥♥for a moment but its making a comeback
76561198302897205,Not Recommended,437220,23320994,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,IPoopSomeTimes,it always crash
,Recommended,437220,21861589,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Whinro,Better than Club Penguin.
,Recommended,437220,21712817,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Andres,GG8/8
76561198201376238,Not Recommended,437220,28706781,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Suicidal Tendencies,"This game now only walks a fraction of its shadow, because what it once was was so much better. RIPCULLING"
76561198163468457,Not Recommended,437220,22667135,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,maximtheb,"This game is very laggy, has a bad pvp system and is very unfair in the ways of skill, a new player gets thrown in with a bunch of nerds that spend hours on playing an training, is that fair? I do not think so."
76561198267177224,Recommended,437220,22682630,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kirito,Vary exiting game. Its crafting feature is awesome.
76561198245780758,Recommended,437220,28802795,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Baywee23,This game is really fun we you get into it. I would recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,437220,30530099,Posted: 15 March,all,VolToast,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game. The menu is ♥♥♥♥ed. The game itself is ♥♥♥♥ed. So many ♥♥♥♥s to give. Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Not Recommended,437220,28720829,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Crimnex,This gam is♥♥♥♥♥♥1.1/10 would never play
76561198044209536,Not Recommended,437220,28959245,Posted: 2 January,all,Führerlicious,"this game used to be my favorite, i'd play it minimum an hour a day, up to 4-6. but every single patch they put out seems to destroy an aspect i enjoyed about the game. when i started it was a melee based battle royal game, where your mechanics could lead you to out play others. each mechanic that was a possibility to outplay were taken out one by one. they pretty much took guns away which were a reward for people who got lots of funk, they took bow ammo away, they took trap stratagies away, taser, 80% of the perks, and now with their most recent patch pretty much took staggers away. i logged on today to play some games to see how it was doing, the first game i died immediately because i kept trying to block attacks, the second game i won. i put on an early airdrop for axes so i got the expose bonus, then i ran at people and spammed left click. i didnt block, i didnt shove. i won a game by mindlessly spamming attack. if that isnt a sign of a destroyed game, i dont know what is. thank you for all the memories, but now i dont think i can even force myself to enjoy this game anymore."
76561198150478297,Recommended,437220,22415821,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,desertwind,Just try it out! It is one of my favourite games ever! It makes fun and did not get boring jet. It is just fun!!
,Not Recommended,437220,22278902,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Reverse Giraffe,Okay let me start off by saying that this game has good ideas in theory as far as game idea BUT the gaem is poorly optimized and crashes fro me and my friends just about evry other time we start to play and the combat system is completely unbalanced and bs the combat physics would have you believe that i get stunned when i hit a man full force  with a sledgehammer but he blocks with his skinny arms... all things considered i dont reccomend this to anyone until it gets soem serious matienence
76561198022559040,Recommended,437220,23718103,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,iSnack2.0,The Culling really good. Spent so many hours on it for so few $.10 airdrops/10
,Not Recommended,437220,28960270,Posted: 2 January,all,Weed.Bunny,you destroy game with this new patch...every noob know just basic attack and i lost my will for playing it cuz you cant win with your skill you can win only if you are lucky enought to hit charged attacks..get back the blocking and i think that many players will be backty
,Not Recommended,437220,28850012,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Teleprovider,"He or she who have the most ping wins! 4th passive effects (pay to win?)So, either The Culling secretly matching me with Asia and UK or the netcode sucks! And, what with the long wait time waiting for playing in match? This game losts population for a good reason, and hackers are taking over. They can ban the hacker but can they ban the ""child"" Steam account belonging to the ""Master"" Steam account? Before you knows it, hacker have spawn 100 children and none of them are his or her children.I have more fun in a balanced netcode enviroment."
,Not Recommended,437220,28966543,Posted: 2 January,all,SPAGHETTI DUDE 69,every update managed to make the game worse.
,Not Recommended,437220,28969032,Posted: 2 January,all,Prince Annie,"What to say about the culling? Well, the servers are dead. That's one thing.The combat in the game is minimalist and not very well thought out. It's your basic rock paper scissors sort of thing. Block beats hit, kick beats block, hit beats kick. It's not very fun really. You weapons have a basic teir system. Certain weapons do more damage than others, and if you have that weapon unless you're a brand new player you've pretty much won the game. Guns for example. Does the game have guns? Yes. Are they rare? Yes. Does them simply being rare mean they aren't OP as ♥♥♥♥? No! When you get a gun it starts off with a tiny amount of ammo, something that can easily be fixed by crafting ammo. Once then gun is full of ammo, congratulations, you've won the game. The guns are high damage, high wounding, long range weapons. So even if you are incredibly skilled at the meelee, that doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing matter because if someone has a gun they're going to beat you unless you can manage to hit them in the face with some random object. If you want to have a KOTH game but don't want everyone to be fighting with guns then the solution is simple, don't have guns in the game. When you add guns to a game that isn't designed for gun play the guns become majorly OP. That's not good game design.The game also contains one map. One teeny tiny itty bitty little map. One, just one, uno, no more than that. I get bored playing the same exact map over and over and over again. It's why I often disable Dust II when I play CSGO. Playing the same map all the time is BORING.The crafting system is wank as well. You need FUNC in order to do your baisic crafting, all of which is done by twigs and rocks which you can get by punching trees and rocks. I wouldn't mind a small crafting system if the game didn't depend so much on it. When the round starts there are usually loads of twigs and rocks around you with which to craft, and if you don't use those twigs and rocks to craft a spear or a bow or an axe or whatever right away then you're taking a huge risk because the first player you run into will already have a weapon and you'll be defenseless. Crafting them is a huge risk in itself since the crafting requires you to look down at the twig or rock that you're using and stare at it for a few minutes. Anyone can come along and just shoot you with a bow and stab you in the back.The perk system is interesting. You select a perk before going into battle and that perk will give you some form of advantage going into the game. It's all about perk balance to be honest. Something I find to be tedious. I do wish that there were penalties for chosing perks. Chose the backpacker perk but your run speed is decreased, something like that. That way people who wish to not bother with perk balancing (such as myself) don't have to.It is a fun game but it's just so brokenly made. Rock paper scissor combat is my least favourite form of combat, the guns are pretty much an instant win, the perk system is a bit messy, the crafting is garbage. I just can't reccomend it in this current state."
,Recommended,437220,23732493,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DeusAnt,Best hunger game that i know!PLS optimize optimize optimize optimize optimizeStil bether than infinite warfare.
,Recommended,437220,21773810,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Vaughn Wamsley,Please nerf the alarm gun.
76561198182956934,Recommended,437220,22720423,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,NAFRI TRAP,+high quality for early access game+great combat (alot of counter tactics and a huge variety of different battle styles from katana to submachine gun to revolver to blowgun-poison to spear to firefighter-axe etc etc etc.)+weapons have different treats (e.g. blades cause bleeding damage while blunt weapons cripple the enemy)+balance+beginner-friendly (i was able to play confident after 2 hours)+crafting system is great and should be made even better in the future
,Recommended,437220,25485130,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,shrimp,you can get spawned in on teammode without a teammate. gg would die to 2 guys again
76561198219965697,Not Recommended,437220,28936396,Posted: 2 January,all,PixelPwnage,"The culling started at the bottom and started digging...The devs were amazing, the communuty loved them, they listened to what the people wanted and they gave it to them, this is a great concept, but then they listened to every 0.1hour ""veteran"" and tried to make the skill cap lower, by striping away the games core concepts, they almost completely removed RNG, turned rock, paper, scissors into a game of just rock. (with the removal of block stagger). The game no longer requires any skill to play and winning is simply ""meh"". Worst of all after they have driven away their player base, they simply put the nail in their coffin with the worst patch to date, and now they refuse to listen to the community to revert it."
,Recommended,437220,22110695,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gunslinger,"Pretty good PVP game for the price. Graphics look good, mechanics work well for how early it is. Melee combat plays like rock paper scissors. Crafting is simple and easy to gether materials.  Really enjoy getting a cosmetic item at the end of every round. Running around with a blue mohawk and chucking spears at people is thrilling.  Playing at max settings on GTX 970 FTW 55-60fpsThis is how surivial pvp should be instead of ruining the zombie/ surivial genere over n over with these pvp kos games."
,Recommended,437220,21743114,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Piccolo,"It's mediocre in its current state. Was talked into buying it by a friend, he enjoys it, I don't. I'm not sure what it is, the clunky melee where someone can kill you with their fists when you have a hammer definitely impacts it, though. I've won 2 out of I'd say 6 matches. One of those was on my own, the other with my buddy. Sometimes I do massive damage to people with♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons and win fights, other times they poke me and my armor and hp is shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's fun in that the rounds are tense and short, but sometimes you'll wander for 10 - 15 minutes and never see a soul. Reading this review you'll see that my opinions are half and half, and that's just what this game is. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. So yeah, mediocre. Lots of room to improve."
,Recommended,437220,21656100,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bobert™,Very good game!
,Recommended,437220,21743565,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Suffer.,"if you punch a tree it bleeds, showing us all that nature has feelings aswell."
,Recommended,437220,21754566,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Procrastinator Adam,"Great game with a great idea but it is SO laggy (for me). I haven't really seen many people complain about lag, so it's probably just me... But I kinda regret buying this... Still, I reccomend it!10/10Would play again (if i got a better PC)"
,Recommended,437220,21634150,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,APACHE HELICOPTER,5/7 amazing game
76561198273288168,Recommended,437220,21742474,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Auschwitz™,"This game is awesome. But it just needs better optimization. But, still good"
76561198054010296,Recommended,437220,21742725,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,shammymonkey,i started the game went to the building and herd footsteps so i hid when i saw i stab him he ran away tried to shoot me with a bow and i stabed him some omore and he died i ran because i thought i made to much noise and got Enough f.u.n.c. to get a drop got a orange juice and kept looking for people i found no one and me and this one last guy went to go fight i had a spear he had a SMG 357 revolver peper spray tazer and a sword i think you can guess who won
,Recommended,437220,21742815,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Gral,"It's like call of duty, it has some guns"
,Recommended,437220,21746972,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jtra1n,If H1Z1 was good
,Recommended,437220,21750130,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gokuteion,"This game really takes the cake on ""multiplayer combat"". It rushes you into the arena, forces you to come into contact with other players so you cant just camp out the whole match, makes fights substantially long, has an effective risk and reward system, has a team mode, a pretty extensive perk system (everyone can be unique with their playstyle) and a simple but effective combat system.All in all, after winning a good bit of times (about 6) i do wish the game lacked a bit more depth, such as leveling or ranking up of some sort, or if you could do something with all your drops, (clothes, hairs, etc) an ingame shop or currency would be amazing.For the price the game is really worth it, the developers have already dropped the first update and i feel like they did a good job i just cant wait to see this game progress and turn into what they really had invisioned.Tldr; This games savage and truely addicting, buy it, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,437220,21788433,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,megaurpo282,"This game has lot of potential to become most popular battle royale- game ever. I will now take a little look of this games pros and consPros:-very similar to hunger games-very good graphics (not my computer)-really intense melee fighting-doesnt have voice-chat (because no one wants to listen those 10-years-old crybabies)-doesnt have microtransactions(and hopefully we will never see them)-has pretty lot of weapons alreadyhouse looting is awesome!-you get reward every time,no matter when you die.and then, cons:-servers are pretty bad. (but this is early-access so that will be fixed in future)-has only eu and north america servers-Guns are too OP, please remove them or at least nerf them alot.-in team battle, teammates should spawn next to each other, not 900m away.So, this game is truly worth of buying. although it is at alpha, is has lot of potential to become mots popular battle-royale game, as i said before. i would give this game rating 8/10WE´LL SEE YOU AT THE ISLAND!!!"
,Recommended,437220,21742770,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,szulerrr,Amazing game even for an early access
76561198030434695,Recommended,437220,21746228,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,J.,This game makes me feel like I'm constantly being injected witih adrenaline directly into my heart. 9/10
,Recommended,437220,21743672,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,DrMarlboro,"Ok.. I'm in a crate, I have no idea where I am, or what I'm doing. I hear some guy talking and oh♥♥♥♥♥♥the crates been dropped! What do I do!? Where do I go!?Ok. A rock. I might need that let's pick it up and head over to that building. Maybe there will be something I can actually use in there. Oh look. A scoreboard. Let's see.... where am I... OH BLOODY BALL SACKS you scared me stick guy. Are we good? We're good right? Don't do that. Stay back! I said stay back! Oh god I just hit him with the rock. He's running off now..OH NO HE ISN'T! EAT. MY. MOTHER. ♥♥♥♥ING. HARD.♥♥♥♥♥ ROCK. *gasping for breath* what have I done!? *sob* oh what have I done... he was the only person I had seen in so long... he could have been the only person h.......Well... aparently he was not the last person there.""10/10 will cry after bashing a man's skull in again."
,Recommended,437220,21749847,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,neolak168,now go ahead and grab my package
,Recommended,437220,21750341,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,xorDaniel ANSIKTE!,"This here boys n girls is a great game. Enough said.Also, the devs are truly listening to the players.Hats off."
,Not Recommended,437220,24600580,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,Game is Just broken teaming is broken at the first placebiggest issue is Teaming  you might start the game with your friend that is 1000000 km away from you but the others might be just 50m near to each other witch makes them easy to gather up quick and start murdering fastsecond problem is cheaters  espacially if you live long enough to see 1v1  if the guy is cheater you will report him right ? you die click on report select his name BOOOM ohhh game ended you are taken to the main menu :( game doesnt want you to report cheaters i guesscombat is not that good at all its like who blocks wins only think you need to do is just hold mause 2 button wait until guy tryies to hit u and then he wil get knocked off then u hit well you can try to press Q to push which makes no sense cause if you do guy can easy hold mause 2 again before you can hit him its just who blocks win Combat systemits total garbage game i dont even know how this game could even effort EAC for itselfgo spend ur money to something else something that wont make u cancer.
76561198035444717,Not Recommended,437220,24610195,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dark T,"I dont reccomend the purchase of this game in the stage its in right now. It may look like fun, but the combat mechanics are quite broken, and frustrating to learn"
76561198298531919,Recommended,437220,24941117,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,micahschu11,WARNINGIf you have an older computer don't buy.You will have to play with the graphics all the way downAnd multiplayer does not work well.GOOD TO KNOWBut if you have a newer computer than it works like a charmAnd it is very fun.
,Recommended,437220,25596959,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DoorkinKid,Ultimate strat1. Get a bunch of muns2. Get a bunch of sticks3. Rub 'em in poisen4. stick them in the center of the map5. Watch your opponents throw up their whole stomach.
,Recommended,437220,23758389,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Usama,"Out of all of the battle royale games on Steam right now, The Culling is by far my favorite. With a good development team constantly cranking out updates AND with the most recent patch improving performance/optimization issue by a LOT, this game is a MUST BUY for fans of a battle royale survival type of game.The combat is calculating. The map is big enough to be very suitable for the number of players that are currently included in every match. Both Solo and Teams modes are tons of fun. Crafting weapons/armor/consumables are actually charmingly silly when you watch your character scrape and press items together hard enough to form a new item. Every move you make while trying to survive to win WILL have an impact on how you fare against others.I absolutely love this game, and with the most recent patch, I'm super glad I can play at very nice (albiet very slightly fluctuating) 60FPS now. It's never felt more smooth.Definitely buy this!"
,Recommended,437220,24321929,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,hypebeasts have struck again,I threw a stick at someone and killed them.Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh
,Not Recommended,437220,25686547,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Munkman,I wish I was as dead as this game
,Recommended,437220,23839638,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Trip,"Game is definately a masterpiece. but in fact, this game is very hard for beginners like me. beacuse fight mechanics are very unique, mechanics that i've never seen in another game which is fine but it's so hard and many FFA players are very experienced which you get demolished if you don't know the game, most important thing in this game in my opinion is to get used to fight mechanics i prefer y'all to buy the game beacuse it's a very unique game i'm sure i will get used to these mechanics it has not been too long since i bought the game and i played a lot. so buy the game devs always change the game. best devs i've ever seen give it a try since it's on sale too."
,Not Recommended,437220,24603153,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Archivar,"As a concept the game is great. The mechanics are nice, the graphical fidelity isn't amazing but sufficient, the theme in general is fun.But there's just not enough people playing to make the game enjoyable. I understood from the get go that I'd be a Noob amongst Pro's starting this game since the community is only filled with very dedicated players by this point, and me just dying a bunch would've been perfectly fine. I do love the process of getting good in games.The problem is that I have to queue for 5 minutes between each game, only to then die in 2 minutes flat. If I could get into another game quickly that would be no problem, but constantly having to wait makes the experience unenjoyable.And there's sadly not that much the devs can do about this, other than putting some work into marketing their product more efficiently, or maybe lowering the price. But from my own experience, games with low playercounts barely ever bounce back, so I just can't recommend this game.I'd love to be proven wrong though."
,Not Recommended,437220,24938560,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mag.,"I've tried to convince myself that I'm just bad at the game, but when other players just dodge a shove entirely or are unaffected by being blocked or can block behind themselves, it's a broken game that doesn't follow its own mechanics. The devs have tried their hardest to keep focus on the game and not on money, which I admire, but basic mechanics are all kinds of messed up."
,Recommended,437220,26446020,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KodyackGaming,"Hey, this game is wonderful, I've been streaming it and yes there's issues, and yes there are changes; but they are constantly trying to learn and improve upon the game. The devs make mistakes, yes, but they are doing their best and learning.there's bugs, yes, but it's worth it, as I see it.This is just my drop in the bucket to try and bring this game back to where it deserves, it's a good game and worth the price if you like melee battle royales. or at least a more skill based battle royale than H1Z1"
76561198159837466,Recommended,437220,23890118,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Spid3r Kill3r,"great game, very very very addicting and takes huge skill to master it"
76561198123310325,Recommended,437220,23812315,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,☭CrimsonBird21☭,good game but not enough people play it. It is a nice combination of something like Rust but in more of a Hunger games like environment. I love playing it but not enough people play it. This is why i reccomend it to others so more people will play. It's good though.
,Recommended,437220,24046528,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AvenMaze,Nice game and intense.
76561198132147390,Not Recommended,437220,24610412,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Spazmo,"The game itsself is actually fun. WHEN IT ACTUALLY WORKED. the last 2 updates in a row its bug after bug. This time i cant play because ""OculusRift plugin was not found"" when im not using oculus at all. And i cant find anywhere to disable said plugin. Honestly, If you want a game that works, dont waste your money untill you are 100% sure its fixed and will actually work."
76561198312350068,Recommended,437220,25963573,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ShoobyDooby,"great game if the playerbase was bigger. I reccomend waiting for ""the big picture"" to be released as that will hopefully fix a lot of the things stopping this from going from great game to amazing game. all in all fun, the community is pretty great, very few toxic people and the gameplay is simple to understand, just takes some time to get better against the vets with 1500+ hrs"
,Recommended,437220,23845933,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,VietVet57,At its current state the game feels good and well balanced.
76561198112491340,Recommended,437220,23910955,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zenster,Miles better then h1z1
,Recommended,437220,24934713,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,"""Alex"" ""The X-Axis""","Really good game, although graphicaly demanding"
,Recommended,437220,23852875,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Italyball,I broke my foot in real life out of anger after being killed by some guy with a stun gun.10/10 Would break foot again.
,Recommended,437220,22199338,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sad g irl,"This game has made me feel proud of how large my phallus is, today I met a man who had a very small pen15 as he was indeed using the bow, the rifle, and a pistol at the same time. Upon dying to him I was granted pride in how much larger my♥♥♥♥♥♥is than his and overall I gotta say this might be the best self-confidence boosting game on steam."
,Recommended,437220,21737415,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,VAC,"HALP, IM ADDICTED"
76561198298187651,Not Recommended,437220,23464190,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Turn it down for what ▂ ▃ ▄ ▅ ▆,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.I will say it was a Amazing game the first 2-4 weeks, but Developers lost control of it all and has been run into the groundAt its current stage Its lost over 50% of its players due to Devs running around like headless chooks losing sight of their original goal, Orignally played with 50+ fps now struggle to get 20 in situations like looking in buildings and fighting,Developers Instead of fixing something that kinda worked they will completely Rework it  then replace what worked with a Buggy unfinished piece of trash,This game had a future but Xaviant just couldnt execute and ruined a once beautiful game"
76561198129561386,Recommended,437220,21748882,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,bovE | Help Im Slow,"2 times out of my 3 hours as of now, my character all of the sudden couldnt look left right up or down but my WASD was just fine I tabbed out and used my mouse now in game and it worked i couldnt fix the glitch I had to leave the game. Just 5 minutes ago I died to that same glitch, once again my mouse was fine. 9/10 Really fun, Love the combat, Love the blood Hate the glitch, Runs well. I would buy it again but battleroyale wise I prefer H1Z1."
76561198007472042,Recommended,437220,21752877,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rusty V-W,9/10 would be 10 but so far only one mappros:fun combatlots fo weaponslarge area to explorecool game all roundcons:nothing thats not already started being fixed
,Not Recommended,437220,22268349,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/DizzyTheGamerYT,Nerf=This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Way to ruin a good game you must work for Valve.
76561198061637975,Not Recommended,437220,23460582,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Plaguelord Skrolk,"I really loved playing this game for a while, but the patches have definitely becoming increasingly worse. I would say the patch that added some new perks and changeds others is when things started to go bad, the worst perk was that 30 hp shield that stops you from dying once. After that the patch that made weapon progression terribly slow, doubled the amount you needed to open blue crates, just made the game a bit less fast pace than what i like about it previously, and a bit more tedious and slow now. I haven't played for a while now, but i hope i see some patches that start bringing this game back. I wouldn't recommend it at it's current state though, wait to see how people feel about it in the future."
,Recommended,437220,21980454,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,AL,Jennifer Lawrence pls
76561198059265901,Not Recommended,437220,32699521,Posted: 23 June,all,BABY FREAKIN BAVO,"Man, this game had potential. It's dead now, do not bother. 9 players online at the time of writing.RIP"
,Recommended,437220,31837034,Posted: 19 May,all,Thrilling,Such a shame it seems to have died. Really good premise with a dark sense of humour. I wasn't there from the start but enjoyed the few hours I got out of it. PUBU seems to have won although I really hope this game can carve out a niche for itself because it is actually really fun.
76561198060860978,Not Recommended,437220,22015578,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,FIFA Cosplayer,"Wait until it is out of Early Access, not enough content currently."
,Not Recommended,437220,31416435,Posted: 28 April,all,Lienwrath,"The only game I've ever played that started out amazing and progressively got worse and worse each patch. If you want a detailed list of greivances keep scrolling down, if you want a TL;DR: This game is dead, awful and it's not ever getting better."
76561198084574098,Recommended,437220,31433158,Posted: 28 April,all,Noobish Elk,One of the best Hunger Games/Battle Royal type games ever. And super fun when you get a buddy to come play and do duo games. Just awesome.
,Not Recommended,437220,22888992,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Karma,"Terrible for new players, game panders to those who have already been playing for awhile by giving them better drops and gear.Also buggy as hell and super unbalanced. I got killed in like 3 seconds by some asian with a poison knife and blowdarts 20 seconds into the match.Stay away, far away."
,Not Recommended,437220,22798392,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Swaheelee ™,"combat is super broken. immunity does not work all the time, I take 70+ dmg from people with bludgeons / axes / knifes / spears to my backPeople have aimbot, and never miss any headshots with a bow.In its current state I can not suggest it to ANYONE. needs anti cheat, needs a way to report players, and needs updates to make combat more fluid, only buy if you don't care about hit registry!"
76561198136070723,Recommended,437220,22128541,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,dog,Game is really fun. You can throw anything at your oponents which makes for some wacky kills.8/10
,Not Recommended,437220,25485070,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Edy the Fishy Fox,"This game is a piece of garbage. The mechanics are really broken, and make no sense what-so-ever, full of bugs, too buggy even for an alhpa game, a total mess in general, don't bother wasting you money on it."
,Not Recommended,437220,25407563,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,rawj1213,I honestly get so frustrated with this game. I only play with a friend and it is the most annoying thing that we never spawn anywhere near each other. And then we get jumped by teammates who did spawn near each other. Why is it like this. Please fix it. It's a great game otherwise!
,Recommended,437220,21740302,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,touuqe,"Now that there are EU servers to play on the combat is so much more consistent which means you can actually block and shove tactically rather than just having to spam it and pray. Same goes for the guns and bows.The performance is still pretty poor though.I can see this being a really big game in the future once more maps, loot etc. is added."
76561197960331093,Recommended,437220,21628778,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Spowart200,"I think I have found my True Culling......Seriously what a fun first day, Easy to pick up and just start playing, Fast gameplay! Played 7 Games Today 4 Wins and 3 Defeats!Rate this game  10/10 already for Gameplay!"
,Recommended,437220,22093993,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Rogue_Eagle,"The game is basically Battle Royale without the annoying school kids & Hunger Games without ""Peeta!"".Murder people with blunt implements and poorly crafted knives that wouldn't get past the Geneva Convention.Get high on Orange Juice.Run from a giant gas cloud.5/7."
,Recommended,437220,26807042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Echophantom,"Spawn, Die, Repeat."
,Recommended,437220,22666448,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Spooks,Eh
,Not Recommended,437220,22666375,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,big boy craig,"Wouldn't recommend it, died out faster than Titanfall."
,Not Recommended,437220,22154526,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chase,"Quite frankly I loved this game. Sure I wasn't the best at it, but the fast paced, quick on your feet action was what made this game for me. Now with the new update that slows all of the melee actions, it no longer feels like the same game.Much harder to use combatPushing isn't usefulFighting takes much longer"
,Recommended,437220,23548389,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DropNtheHAMM3R,Great br game and is a lot of fun. Just wish there was in game chat
76561198042115811,Recommended,437220,31778979,Posted: 15 May,all,Taardvark,"This game is going in the right direction, I've played it for a solid 15 hours and have had no problems outside of a few bugs. The combat can be frustrating as hell but you're able to get gud pretty easily with strategy. The Mantracker currently has issues, it sometimes works and other times it flips you the bird and refuses to turn on. There is currently no reward for winning a match outside of experience. I'm not kidding, you don't get a rare drop or anything. Regardless, I'm excited to see what Xaviant has in store for this game. Given that they don't break the combat system (it's pretty good in its current state) this game is on its rise back to the top."
,Not Recommended,437220,23531063,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Arctichaven,"The video game in my opinion is not a very good one. It does give off the feel of actually being in the hunger games, but the way they have it set up. It's just not fair. I immediately started up in a random game, and was face to face with a player who had an entire outfit (with armor), and he had a weapon far better than the one I had just found. I found myself in a David and Goliath situation where Goliath was the winner. Honestly, with that type of start up at the very beginning of a game, I find that it is not worth my time, nor the effort to put into the game. I am sorry, but if you want a balanced game, this is not one."
76561198110879823,Not Recommended,437220,23562720,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,The-Forsaken,I honestly would not make my worst enemy play this once respectable game that has now become a steaming pile of garbage.
,Recommended,437220,23628251,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Woulfe,"For an early access title this game has a ton of potential. The combat goes through regular iterative changes in an attempt to build and develop a good balance between the existing builds and weapons.Yes, there are problems. Such is to be expected from an early-access/alpha title. But the devs appear to be regularly updating their game with great care, and do listen to the community (sometimes for good, sometimes for the worse).The recent UE4 engine update has vastly improved performance for many users/systems (especially AMD CPU users) as well, bringing me personally from 20FPS at low-medium settings to 60FPS running on high.If battle royale titles such as H1Z1 and DayZ ""Hunger Games"" interest you, then it's definitely worth a try. The game can only stand to get better with more players and their feedback."
76561198096804063,Not Recommended,437220,23628536,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fgt,Queue times are disgraceful
,Recommended,437220,23629656,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,frej,"Love this game. It has some flaws that needs to be fixed, but i am sure this will be a great game in a couple of patches."
,Recommended,437220,23631440,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,zettily,people are mad about patches in an early access game :^)
76561198079626473,Recommended,437220,23633948,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,yung laundry sauce,"This is ONE OF if not THE BEST game I have EVER played. Every round is different, the community is one of the best.Now the Devs are probably the best Dev team I have ever had the pleasure of playing a game from. They are constantly taking feedback from the community and are improving the game.You should buy this game right now!"
,Recommended,437220,23900596,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tom Peters,Game came out and was awesome.Patch ruined the combat.Took them like a month but they finally fixed it.Now it's better than ever.Optimized for best performance on YOUR PC!Could use more content but still a very good game.Now where's larger team games?
76561198050419681,Recommended,437220,23557583,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Beep boop,"Easily spent 100+ hours on this game already and I don't plan on stopping because of it's replayability and it's just such a good game. Amazing sound design and graphics and about as well optimized as every other early access game so not amazing but it will get better. Many times better than other games similar to this such as H1Z1 and battle royale. Also the devs are interactive and understand balance very well. A lot of people are complaining about new patches and how they ruin the game or unbalance it. This is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and so many people are annoyed that they have to relearn what is good and bad with the game after a patch. I think the patches have balanced what was unfair before and people just don't understand that some weapons and perks needed balancing. When I first started playing this game I found it surprisingly easy to win games once I had found that I could just use the best perks and best weapons and not rely on my own skill as much to win. Now with the balance changes it is a challenge to win and requires skill and knowledge rather than just using overpowered perks and weapons.TL;DR 10/10 game, don't listen to people who say the patches ruined the game they are just mad cos bad."
76561198028067113,Recommended,437220,23632379,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BOOMSHAKALAKA,Very fun game.  Can be very rewarding or deflating.  Hope to see some optimization soon.
76561197968981167,Recommended,437220,23893820,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,baby goat,"Very entertaining game, but as it is still in early access don't expect perfect gameplay yet! Still worth buying"
76561198189434703,Recommended,437220,31776235,Posted: 15 May,all,TilItGoesClick,Like most games I am terrible at this game. But I've put a decent amount of hours into it.I'd recommend this to people who actually want to spend time learning how to play. Although I think I've done that and my K/D ration is like 1/1000Would get beat to death with a rock again out of 10
,Not Recommended,437220,31443378,Posted: 29 April,all,JumboBunny,"Upon release, The Culling was everything I hoped it would be: Fast, simple mechanics, and, for the most part, balanced. It is wildly apparent that the developers had a completely different plan for this game than what was presented upon release. They have consistently taken the best parts of the game and changed them to the point it is no longer recognizable. I still have hope that the devs will get things together, but I'm not holding my breath."
76561198102069182,Not Recommended,437220,23208905,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Andrew,"Gona jump on the band wagon with everyone else here, the combat system has been seriously ruined. When it was released the game was faced paced and addicting. Considering how much I enjoyed this game at launch, it pains me to say; Don't buy this game, at least not until they fix the combat system... which considering the sheer amount of people complaining, hopefully will be soon."
,Recommended,437220,21763185,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Djentleman XIII,"Had a lot of fun playing through 10 matches last night. Playing with a friend is pretty fun as well!The combat is not perfect, though, but it's not bad! The map is huge and all the items are randomised.Crafting is very addicting!I've never written a review before, so sorry if I sound like a dyslexic horse writing this."
,Recommended,437220,21670166,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BANDAGE MAN,"I have a bet this game is going to become great sooner due to updates and massive amount of feedback by the community. This is great and better than H1Z1 with their pointless updates of honey pot cash.11/10, would throw a stick at someone just to kill them."
,Recommended,437220,21687482,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Friendly in Chernoシ,good game. however FPS are♥♥♥♥♥♥ my PC specs are way above the reccomended and yet still only getting 10 FPS on medium/low settings. Needs a new renderer.
76561198032648767,Recommended,437220,21678903,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kuleguyking,"Summery; What can I say? This is a great game. It runs well, there is active balancing, and there is no lagg at all (for me anyways). This game can become a bit repetitive on the same maps all the time and there really isnt that much in the way of training you can do. Another issue with the game that should be an easy fix is that there is no voice opption, you must type everything. And while that is all and fun it becomes hard to do in the middle of a big fight. Adding a push to speak system would work great and would allow for faster communication in a team... and it is kind of fun to run down another person screaming bloody muder while you chase them with a chain saw. Minor changes are still needed but over all this game is close to a finished product. add some more textures, a few more game type, and some new chat opptioins and you are sitting with a great game. So for this game I think it gets a solid 8/10 and with the price being as low as it is it s easy to pick up and dosnt take forever for the game to start and finish. So get this game get out there and kill someone!"
76561198021958097,Recommended,437220,21668416,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nimp,A game that is actually early access that was released early runs and play better than most early access games that have been out for years feels like a fully fledged game already so much fun for the price you can't complain FEEL THE FUNC!!
,Recommended,437220,22524968,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Nightbeat,"Eh, might be cool if they polish it. Combat is terrible right now. 11/10 it's ok - IGNmaybe i'll come back and review it properly once it's out of early access."
,Recommended,437220,21812947,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,jeg kan ikke lide mit liv 10hi,this game is so funy
76561198046392159,Not Recommended,437220,22077050,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sir Brock Manley,Lag. Unoptimized.  Sloppy combat system (lag?).  Cheaters/hackers. Lag.I'll revise this when the game is better.
,Not Recommended,437220,30644351,Posted: 20 March,all,Devon,This game was amazing when it came out. Too bad it is trash now.
,Not Recommended,437220,24763066,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,"Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids","Found the weapons and traps very weak, hard to have a high stakes game where you can just wail on each other for 5 minutes with no change and completely kills the pace of play. I love the idea of survival of the fittest and racing for the better gear, but the combat is just boring. Maybe worth playing when its finished"
,Recommended,437220,21630404,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ayo,Cuwl.
,Recommended,437220,24171576,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NA 8,"Meh Its only the best game ive ever played in my life, no big deal.  If I was you i'd probably buy and download it, but never play it.... Unless you want to become addicted beyond belief.  Its about as close to the hunger games as you can get.  There is no matchmaking so be prepared to get rekt a lot before you get the game down.  Don't give up.  You woud only be saving yourself from addiction if you did."
,Not Recommended,437220,24919763,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BurntToasTJ.com,I refunded and will be waiting for the final (Non-Early access) version before reviewing.
76561198074347395,Not Recommended,437220,24533546,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Goosus Christ,"Bought this game thinking it would be a great independant battle royale game. Please read this before you decide to buy this game,Pro's:- Good Crafting System- Easy to play with friends- Variety of Unique perks / skillsCon's:- Annoying Commentator Voice- Mediocre Graphics- Very bad feeling combat: Buggy, slow and not exciting- Stupidly long queue times- Overpriced- Un-Reliable loot system with similar loot- Weapons feel flimsy, especially spears and bowsDecide for yourself but you should know that the combat feels very sluggish and boring, the map isn't well shown so finding your way to the centre can be difficult and the fact that I spent nearly as long in the queue for a game as I did playing it became very frustrating."
76561198027374503,Not Recommended,437220,25168108,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CGM,"Cool spin off of the hunger games, combat is kinda lackluser and there is very little content(one map, FFA and 2v2v2v2v2)Be nice if they added some 5v5 or 3v3 or something, also game kinda runs poorly? optimization issues??"
76561198032365954,Recommended,437220,23382148,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ch13fWiggum,"I am bad at this game, I mean I suck, The best I have done in the month since I bought it is coming second by accident.This is the most enjoyable game I have ever constistently lost at.It is Early Access, so the game is likely to change, but the Devs are very good (maybe even too good) at listening to the players and making changes based of this."
,Recommended,437220,21736548,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TheGreatBigMo,This game is lit.
,Not Recommended,437220,23150475,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,John Stamos,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,437220,21680515,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Neypoleon-society.gg,Just uninstall H1Z1 king of the hill start to enjoy the culling than playing H1Z1 Hashtag H1Z1 huh What a waste
76561198069477709,Recommended,437220,23218206,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Nonnac,This game is awsome many people know that but this game is also hard to learn when you first start. The hand to hand combat system is a little flawed and getting blueb crates is almost not worth it your better off swaving for ur crate dropbut this game is so much fun with friends or by yourself i think this game is good but it is flawed. 7/10
76561197969547092,Recommended,437220,23220828,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SG72,"Is there pain in your toilet area?Do you have bones on the outside of your body?You will do soon...The Culling is an entertaining battle royal, that provides hours of fun and frustration as you find new and interesting ways to dispatch everyone you meet..."
,Recommended,437220,26340493,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,steinbrennerr,A game that really gets the blood flowing! It will cause a lot of rage and a lot of enjoyment. The game is a work in progress but still very fun. Also don't get discouraged as a new player and make sure you do the training. It will take some time to adapt.
,Recommended,437220,22116448,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,-.-,"A great game, no doubt about that. However, it is common for new players to experience performance issues that render the game unplayable. I have faith that the developers will do their best to fix said issues and finally make this game available for truly everyone who can afford it.Pros:Hunger games 2016, pretty much.Well-planned combat system that doesn't require hours to learn.Medium-sized, somewhat sufficient map.No microtransactions. (Yet.)Balanced perks and loot.Cons:Not-so-smooth animations that clip through the camera at times. (Minor)The game refuses to run at a respectable FPS on high-end machines of a determinate brand.All-in-all I think I can give this game a solid 7/10. If the performance issues are ever taken care of, a definite 10/10 in my book. Battle royaledone right."
,Recommended,437220,22821827,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Risk,"For what it costs it's a great game and I still recommend it. It does has a some issues when it comes to combat. It really kills the mood when you hit a player 10 to 1 and they still kill you.  Such as shooting them once with a poison dart, backstabbing them with a tier 3 axe, then blowing them up with a Claymore and hitting them 4 more times with a minimum charge attack for 99?Great open world map, great exploration and crafting gameplay. Lost interest kinda of fast because the combat is not consistent."
,Recommended,437220,24149664,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zefilaras,"One of the most fun Games I have ever played. Dont let fools decide for you. JUST DO IT as slb eould say. Its great and in my opinion pretty balanced. The Combagsystem requires Skill and not like the ppl crying here luck. I killed so many ppl with low weapons just because I behaved smarter than them. I was killed even more times because I made a stupid move. The more you play it, the better you get. If you like pvp and unreal engine, you will love it. As a Sign for the community that the communty must not die out, I will give 5x the culling away for free. Just add me.Cheers and remember Choke wees everyday ;)"
76561197991367987,Recommended,437220,22823443,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MarcDaKind,"Great game, and a great dev team."
76561198141582911,Not Recommended,437220,22822030,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Puffin Fresh,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,437220,22825567,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,A Good Doggo,"The game is great, more fun than I had thought it would be. There is a patch every two weeks that chnage things, some changes are good and some don't work so well. But the devsa of the game are really great and they genuinely listen to the community so that the next patch resolves issues."
76561198084375941,Recommended,437220,21733771,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rups,Attention!: I previously had a negative review about the game. Today they are launching a big patch and finally adding EU servers. I am a very good critic of games. I have been one of the few who has dared to review negatively Stardew Valley and continue to do so. You will have tons of fun on this game. It requires skill + intelligence + discipline + creativity in just what seems a very simple game. It is completely playable and funable! Just have a little of patience at the beggining.
,Recommended,437220,21736249,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Smurphy,I would of never thought I would engage in a fist fight where I would eventually gas out my opponent until now
,Recommended,437220,21741299,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Echo,Amazingly fun! Great developer who responds to wishes of community and tries to make the game as fun as possible.
76561198249720926,Recommended,437220,22821978,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Booty claper™,Tis game is the most glichy game ever the puch is buged out im not going to play until they ficks it some of the new perks like dig deep and big bone dont even work you better ficks it fast or a lot of people arnt going to play because of all that gay♥♥♥♥♥shit ficks it fast
,Recommended,437220,22823422,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MellowK,"Game is incredible fun and has very active devs. Great complete game even with the small ping issues, and it's only a matter of time before it's fixed with the devs always looking for feedback, suggestions and solutions."
,Not Recommended,437220,32121755,Posted: 1 June,all,Rasputin,"The perfect example of a Twitch Streamer's game...-Explodes onto the scene.-Everyone buys it because their favourite steamer plays it.-Streamer moves onto next game.-So does the rest of the world.Money well spent, right?"
,Not Recommended,437220,33935773,Posted: 31 July,all,Colorl3ss,It has no players
,Recommended,437220,25388824,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,AHowman97,"The CullingIf your into the Hunger games films then this is the game for you.The Culling is a survival game where basically last man standing wins, no-matter how many kills you have.You start the match with nothing and craft/find items that will assists you in anyway possible to be the last person standing. As you go around trying to track people down or even waiting until people engage in combat and attack the surviving person after that.This game is a difficult game for pad players as there is no-way to adjust the looking sensitivity on the pad but for keyboard and mouse players this is the game for you to take advantage of being able to run behind pad players and slash them in the back.this game is a difficult game to get the jist of at first but once you get going you should be an unstoppable force.I know this game is still a work in progress but hopefully they will fix the pad stuff in the next pad making it a much fairer battleground for all-round players."
76561198024736298,Recommended,437220,21670894,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ZouSenpai,Steam-UninstallUninstalling H1Z1:King of the kill....
76561197968482736,Not Recommended,437220,22161925,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Whybird,"New Patch has destroyed the combat, brilliant game turned awful"
76561198048109067,Recommended,437220,23644834,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bobby Scar,Love the teams mode of this game. Never played a game so intense that requires such high levels of teamwork and situational awareness.
,Not Recommended,437220,23940740,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mike Hunt,"This game WAS great. They came out with multiple patches, and I feel like it was where the game needed to be. When I first started playing a few months ago, guns were everywhere. Any noob could win a game. Then they made guns expensive, and encouraged hand to hand combat, which was amzing. Noobs complained that they couldn't win, and the most recent patch changed everything. In the first 3 minutes, people are buying Tier 3 weapons for 100 FUNC from holographic stores. Guns are everywhere end game, because you're geteting 75 FUNC just for being alive for 11 minutes, making guns easy as hell to get. It's back to it's original state, which I guess the majority love. The players with more talent that could win hand to hand combat and know when to block/shove/hit are now being mowed down by noobs that have air drops just for selling a few items and hiding in a bush. My friends and I have stopped playing for now. We're the minority, and that's fine. The devs change things WAY too often. Not just small changes either - out of no where, the whole game mechanics change. I get it's early access, but F my B....you had the game right before the patch on the 22nd. Welcome to noob zone where Tier 3 weapons rule early game, and guns are everywhere end game. GG. Player base will continue to shrink because of the stupid Devs, and when xbox players see a 720p 30fps game with horrible textures, they'll quit too."
,Recommended,437220,22014467,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Nathanus,"It looks like a generic survival crafting game, and kind of feels like it too, but it's just so much more. The combat is weird and clunky, but that also adds to the challenge of the game. It feels unpolished and unfinished, but i feel like it could turn into something very good. Definately worth a buy later on in the development, or now if you're impatiant. An enigma of a game."
76561198006290733,Recommended,437220,21758795,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,123,The Culling░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561197995324219,Not Recommended,437220,22162213,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,LowBumFerox,Don't play this unless you have AMAZING latency....totally unforgiving on anything except 100MBPS
,Recommended,437220,22084638,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mr Azure,great game have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥13 times while playing it would deff get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again probs the only game i play now :P
,Not Recommended,437220,24599287,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,𝕮𝖙𝖍𝖚𝖑𝖍𝖚,"I love the concept, but combat and content is lacking sadly."
76561198252480010,Recommended,437220,24025202,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,m ffruity,"Well, just gotta say; This is early access and it's already ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
76561198012883252,Recommended,437220,21630314,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Capnflintlock,"While the Battle Royale sub genre might not be new, the game certainly adds enough to the series to make it a worthwhile play.You've probably heard of movies where a group of contestants are thrown into an arena to fight to the death. The Culling is just that, in all of its glory. The goal of the game is simple: craft, survive, and hunt. Use whatever you can find to kill others in horrible ways. The title adds an additional spin on this system however, in allowing you to call in care packages to help you out. Body armor, stimulants, and high powered weaponary  are a few of the things you can receive from these chests, and they can allow you to slaughter lesser armed foes easily. There's a catch with this however. A drone brings the supplies to you, and they can be seen and shot down by other players with bows and arrows. They also require a rather large amount of in game resources to call in. This brings up another interesting part of the game.Crafting is very prominant, and relies on the aforementioned supply resource. Using only rocks, sticks, and a nanomachine type material you can craft practically everything you need in the game. This may seem simple, but the reduction of the amount of things you need to look for greatly speeds up the game. Two rocks makes a knife, a knife and a stick makes a spear, two sticks makes a bandage, etc. Crafting low tech weapons, armor, and traps at the begining of the game is extremely important, so that you can transition into searching for gear around the map. A bow and arrow won't really help you when your up against a rifle or submachine gun.The balance is surprisingly good. Gear appears in chests around the map. To open these however, you need a fairly ample supply of the nanomachine material. You can scavenge around the map to safely accrue this or, attempt to kill players to gather large amounts.  As a result, there's a risk reward system in place. More aggressive players can tech up faster, but risk dying much more quickly. Scavengers have a less chance of dying, but can fall behind rather quickly. But if you're down and out with nothing but your bare hands, you're not instantly dead. A single hit with a melee weapon can disarm a player using a ranged weapon. If you play your cards right, you can catch that guy with his automatic weapon off guard and take it off his hands. There is also a final method for obtaining gear, but it involves moving to the center of the map where supplies are dropped, which needless to say, is dangerous.To add another level of depth to the game, you can customize you characters with 3 perks. Theres a rather large selection at the moment, probably in the range of  40-60. You can increase various stats or profiencies, and even start out with certain gear. Do you want to be a berserker type character, that starts out with armor, high amounts of stamina, and the ability to regenerate health? What about a marksmen, with heightened ranged damage and speed? What about a deadly trapmaster, who can carry extra materials and build improved hazards that impede and harm the enemy? Theres a large variety of perks you can choose, and it really adds to the game in that many players behave differently.The game has a few tutorials to help you get started, and beyond that you can play a match or two with bots to get your feet wet. Having only played two hours, I have a fairly good idea of what I need to do, if thats to give you any indication.--------The Good--------+Simple but effective crafting system+An oddly appropriate ambience, think Clap Trap from borderlands being the sportscaster+Fairly decent gameplay balance+Allows for a large variety of play styles+Very affordable price--------The Bad---------Optimization issues. Playable, but not as good as it should be.-As far as I can tell, only a single, albeit large, map to play on-Melee could use a bit more oomph. Currently only Hit, Strong hit, block, and shove-No all chat as of right now. Not even the ability to speak locally with those around you. Team and spectator chat is available however. Whether this is appropriate or not is up to you. It could be seen as a plus or a minus based on how you look at it."
,Recommended,437220,23942931,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Heisenberg,Anyone looking for a team? Hmu
,Recommended,437220,24557366,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheDuckMan,"First off, don't listen to the bad reviews. They're complains are them not to be able to run this game. Well, that's their computer. I have a GTX 560 and it works fine. This is also my favorite, FAVORITE game forever.Anyways, here are the cons and pros.Pros:Fun gameGraphicsA bunch of content in the gameThe developers are activeCons:BugsCombat SystemOther than, the game is great! Anyone who wants to do the hunger games as a video game, this is it!"
76561197960579430,Recommended,437220,21655562,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Psyspy,THERE ARE CURRENTLY NORTH AMERICA SERVERS ONLY. THEY MENTION THAT TWICE WHEN YOU BOOT THE GAME UP. IT SHOULD NOT AFFECT REVIEWS FOR AN EARLY ACCESS GAME.
,Not Recommended,437220,24725761,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,✪ Eroxxx',THIS GAME IS DEAD
76561198069634666,Not Recommended,437220,28650252,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Notorious,They ruined the game... Sad
76561198107560475,Not Recommended,437220,28363115,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kllmk,Melee combat feels horrible. Also queues are long.
,Not Recommended,437220,28690764,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gummy,I loved this game when it first came out but haven't even touched it in months since they continuesly broke the combat system so much that if you didn't play the first day opf every patch you got so far behind the meta that you had no chance of ever winning a game. For me that just took the fun out of it and made me unmotivated to play the game.
76561198299349754,Not Recommended,437220,31509764,Posted: 2 May,all,scyllaisspooky,1. Servers bad2. No 1 plays3. Cant refund it4. Dead game
,Recommended,437220,28351953,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DEEJAYSEE,I still believe this game can make it  <3
76561197993639117,Not Recommended,437220,28538474,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jerome,"This Game is ♥♥♥♥ing DogShiet now, I want My Money BLACK !!!"
76561198296640021,Not Recommended,437220,31535990,Posted: 3 May,all,FallenPrince,playerUnknown battlegrounds is better than this
76561198075661912,Not Recommended,437220,28510672,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Goupy,The newest patch destroyed this game. The patch were block dosen't effect the attacker anymore. Like why.. Now the fighting system aint that skillbased anymore. u only press lift click and the one with the better weapon wins. Pls change it back.. I liked the game really much but now with this patch it's not that fun anymore
,Recommended,437220,28514797,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nice Crisp Pussy,Really fun I think this game deserves way more attention than it gets already.
,Not Recommended,437220,31607192,Posted: 7 May,all,Crom Will's it,"The first 3 months of this game was like a dance in heaven. Every day I would get on put on golden arm and run around the map throwing every object that i could find at people until they obliterated out of existence. This was the first game i started to play when I had started streaming and those few first months were magical. Then the updates came. Slowly but surely the game was held down and abused even when the community was consistently saying stop. I don't know when exactly it all went wrong, but it seems what happened to this game is what happens to most early access games. You start with a great concept that people adopt early and cling onto for dear life. When the changes came it destroyed combat, functionality, and generally slowed down every aspect of the game. Before it was a quick 20 minute slug fest with ups and downs, traps, punji brutalization, golden arm half healthing with t3 weapons, silent ninja backstabbing the oblivious, bleeding out your opponent, and so much more.Now its just a sham of what it used to be. The devs tried to re release a huge patch to bring everyone back to the game. Many of the streamers that went back had this majestic look in their eyes while reinstalling the game. After all the crate openings and 2 matches into the new system i uninstalled and cursed this company out of existence. Don't buy this game. it is dead. just like the dreams of everyone who played it during its initial release.TL:DR Games dead, used to be great a year ago."
,Not Recommended,437220,23330692,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,snake man theme song,"If you meet a prominent streamer in a game and kill them, you\'ll get banned. Do not buy."
,Recommended,437220,23646768,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,zupernam,"Highly recommended! New updates are constantly coming out, and they are taking plenty of community feedback. Very fun game, better than any Battle Royale mode in any other game. If ythat's what you're looking for, you're in the right place."
76561198272357985,Not Recommended,437220,26633737,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Endo,Um i purchased the game 2 months ago and now its saying i have to buy it again. Proves how buggy the game is
76561198065510390,Recommended,437220,31467102,Posted: 30 April,all,Peace&Love INC.,"Just a quick comment on the new patch.  I like the new update and look, but also how it retained the game show feel."
,Not Recommended,437220,29402242,Posted: 21 January,all,Almighty-,"When the game came out, it was fun and a refreshing game concept first, but sadly I lost interest pretty fast, since it was the same over and over again.Nowadays the playerbase is around 30 players at the evenings and 200 people at peak times in the EU, which are die hard fans of this game.New players will be torn apart and stand no chance against those experienced players.Better avoid and save your money."
,Not Recommended,437220,28227244,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sinkingsouls,Are we going back in time? Things are getting removed instead of added and balanced :(
,Recommended,437220,26562588,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,a e s t h e t i c,"After playing the culling for a bit, I honestly dont see why its getting so many negatuve reviews.Sure, they've changed the game around, but if you start now, you won't notice the diffence. While the gfame says the avg wait time for a game is 7min, the longest I've had to wait is 1min. The game feels fun, and is the most solid battle royale game I've played. If you like these kind of games, and dont mind losing (Only one winner, so you lose alot, I've yet to win a game), I'd say that its a good buy."
76561198012686408,Recommended,437220,23843952,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skeletorbjorn,-be me-spawn near lots of sticks and rocks-make bow-find a crate and get a better bow-find man with stick-give him crafted bow-become friends-get mugged by a guy with an assault rifle-rebuild inventory nad friends inventory-get mugged by the same guy-watch friend get killed with an ice pick-give guy fancy body armor-throw rock at his head while hes changing-loot guys body-step on landmine 2 seconds later
76561198047559410,Not Recommended,437220,28543100,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheAltoonaWiseman,just give us back ALL the original perks- mabey add some new ones for what you call 'balance'. keep whatever combat system you want.............Just make it fun again!
,Recommended,437220,25640799,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ccluna,GAS
,Not Recommended,437220,28339027,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Part-Time Prophet,Just dont get this game.... its trash.... cant even play with a group. get king of the hill and squad up. Game was a waste and they denied me a refund.
,Recommended,437220,29498488,Posted: 26 January,all,Domwaffle,"I haven't played that much but after the update player began to return and I was able to find games.Sure there were bugs I couldn't get any crates my game would crash and sometimes I could not connect to servers. However, I don't mind waiting these problems out because getting into a game and getting kills or even coming up against a skilled opponent and having a close fight is an amazing feeling.the combat in this game really takes a bit to figure out even now I'm still learning. So even thought this game has bugs and glitches it in alpha they will be patched.the gameplay when the I game is amazing and truely legandery love the game so much 10/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,22143906,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,GrizzlyPath26,"Unless you are MLG pro, you will die within 10 minutes of every game."
76561198236515196,Recommended,437220,25651685,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Syrus.mobley,great game
,Recommended,437220,21808019,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,John Whips for Charity,I was playing for the first time ever with my friend. We meet up and he throws a spear near me; I thought he missed and shot him with what I presumed was a gun. It was an alarm gun; which he also had. He shot me as well. He tried to tell me we should get going; I couldn't hear him over the tempting offers of health insures blasting from the both of us. He gets killed by a guy hiding with a bow and I run into the woods still considering health insurance. 10/10 would put a speaker in my friend again.
76561198153333173,Recommended,437220,22803919,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Evil Morty,"This game is fantastic. Don't let these salty reviews spoil your chance at getting this game. The devs are great, very active and listen to the community. There's so much potential and  amazing things on the road ahead for this game.Just look at my hours. Get this game."
,Not Recommended,437220,33042406,Posted: 30 June,all,Horizon,game is suck after update
,Recommended,437220,21754463,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MadFrenzy,"Tough but fun. Keep in mind this is in Alpha stage, and only after about 6 days they released an update providing EU servers and quite a bit more. Scavenging is definately luck. If you don't spawn near a building then hope to farm a lot of ""F.U.N.C."" or kill someone to become a contender in late game. A lot of replayability even though there is only one map currently. They have several links on the homescreen to show the current development roadmap and it is very easy to report an issue you have with the game. I have only had 1 game out of 16 hrs where I had high ping, and the high ping was around 80ms. So very good ping. I would recommend this game, it's more fun with a partner running in duo."
,Recommended,437220,21846742,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BONES,Got beaten to death with a rock. 11/10.
,Not Recommended,437220,24717922,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,eh...mediocre survival/battle royale gameDidn't hold my interest for very long at all
,Not Recommended,437220,24548798,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr,I don't understand how this game has positive reviews. I mean it's not the worst game i've played. The concept is amazing. The execution though. You can block axes with fists and sticks? You make badages out of branches? Seriously. What is this.
,Not Recommended,437220,25827368,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nemesis T-Type,"I wish I could give this a neutral recommendation, because it isn't a bad game.Pros:-FUNK is a neat concept and works well. FUNK is pretty much in game points you gain while playing. It allows you to get supply drops, better weapons and boosters.-Game looks pretty good.-Fun combat.-Mechanics are easy to learn.-Playing with bots is an option.-Dev team is very active.Neutral:-Isn't the best optimized game out there, but still runs fairly well on high with my GTX 760.-Combat can feel clunky at times.-Can be pretty unforgiving to new players.Cons:-Numerous bugs that need to be fixed. Each update seems to add more bugs.-Playerbase is low.-Has the worst queue times I've ever seen.Tl;dr, don't buy if you don't have a decently powerful machine or mind playing with bots. Due to the low playerbase the queue times are absolutely horrendous. If the points above don't bother you, go ahead and buy it. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,31399786,Posted: 27 April,all,Eisenmonoxid,"Don't bother buying this game. No one is playing it anymore since the developers ♥♥♥♥ed up the combat system in a patch and refused to change it back to original. You spend half an hour waiting for a match, if you're lucky. Also, there are better Battle Royale games out there, that are more worthy of your time."
76561198042894373,Not Recommended,437220,24943168,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,EatMyMojo,Really laggy combat system
,Not Recommended,437220,24944592,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,FlickityFlanderz,You would think your on acid with all the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs. Kids use exploits too win constantly
76561198140992033,Not Recommended,437220,22235771,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,l3lackJack,the game is great but it lags so much we have low graphics in game but it lags again there should be a patch for that
76561198017537662,Not Recommended,437220,22043044,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Skippy Granola,"Nifty concept, with some actual matchmaking parameters it could be a ton of fun. As it is, casual/new players get matched with people who seem to play the game 24/7, and that is not a fun time. And anyone espouses the ""git gud"" mentality can♥♥♥♥♥♥right off. Some people play games for fun, not to show off their huge e♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,437220,22026872,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,KirkaLurka,"Dont eat anything with alot of sodium before playing, you'll get enough salt with this game."
,Not Recommended,437220,29864644,Posted: 11 February,all,The Nerf Doctor,"The devs are stupid, they have selective hearing, and they don't care about the community. This game use to take skill and a bit of luck. Now it takes a lot of luck and no skill. Ever since people complained about the game being ""too hard"" they have been dumbing it down. Every. Single. Patch. Dumbed down, dumbed down, dumbed down. To the point that all the good players quit and all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players lost interest because they have the attention span of a 2 year old. Take a look at the steam charts for this game. It was a great game in the begining, there was hope of improvement, people had fun. Now look at this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Biggest scam of 2015-2016."
76561198083196622,Not Recommended,437220,29388204,Posted: 20 January,all,Healma,"This game at first was promising but unfortunately the playerbase is now nonexistent, I recommend to anyone that wants to buy this game to check steam charts before buying this. There are no players at all to play with, only like 11 online (August 10th 2017) and I cannot possibly find a game when I queue up. I don't really recommend you all to buy this game since it has no one to play with... unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,437220,29503630,Posted: 26 January,all,PhanracK,"I used to love this game, but the developers heavily insist on making core gameplay changes that nobody asked for that made the combat absolute trash. After months of community outcry, they still have their heads really far up their asses and have no desire to listen.The concurrent player amount was around 100 people worlwide before the Big House Update. It's been a few weeks since the update, it's going to be back at that number really soon.Oh did I forget to mention they answered the declining player base by doubling the game's price? Smooth.You might want to check this game out when it's going to be F2P, because it will be completely and utterly dead at some point in the near future and that will be their only way out."
,Recommended,437220,29883315,Posted: 12 February,all,Luigah,"This game is is really fun to play. It might not be fun at first when you constantly get demolished by other players, but that's part of the game. As others have said, this isn't a game you can just jump into, you need to constantly practice in order to get a feel for this game. In my opinion, that's the beauty of the game, and also once you get a feel for the flow of gameplay, you'll have a blast. So before buying the game, take that into mind before refunding and leaving a negative review."
,Recommended,437220,29886237,Posted: 12 February,all,Closo,"The culling has flaws in it's current state. The melee combat can be cheesed, and the expensive guns are ridiculously weak, and ammo is extremely scarce. But overall, I have never had so much fun in a game before. Quickly spawning in, tracking someone down, and then re-creating Link vs Ganon from OoT by throwing our Man-Trackers at eachother until we both died. Being stuck in a football field with my partner, and without a word being spoken, tossing eachother the spoils of our last battle to desperately craft armor and health packs while listening to the terrifying tones of footsteps and beeps and bow strings from all angles, as well as the sound of some idiot activating the toxic gas. The culling is not balanced, nor is it less than infuriating at times, but I can't help but recommend it for it's asking price, simply by virtue of the fact that it's god damn fun."
76561198037456826,Not Recommended,437220,29483562,Posted: 25 January,all,Aerican,"I want to report a bug, where I bought the game in alpha and it was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but now it has become pretty dam ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Where are all the perks? Why are the perks so useless compared to before? What happened to the combat system? Why can't I que with the perks and airdrop I selected and play with them, instead of being forced into a random lightning round with free airdrops filled with OP weapons?The best part about this game, was being able to come up with some cheecky build, combining perks, play style, and working together with your buddy. Also combat system was tough, and punished mistakes hard, but felt fair and understandle nontheless. Now people can damage through blocks, hitting a blocked character makes you do reduced damage for a while, people don't get staggered after hitting a blocking opponent. It just feels like a spamfest.I loved the game and I'm still hoping they will go back to how things were in the past, but for now I'll wait a couple months, because I feel little joy and much iritation while playing the game."
,Recommended,437220,21755679,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,CXIV,"A really enjoyable Hunger Games/Battle Royale/Running Man styled videogame. A little buggy, mostly due to combat glitches and unfinished art assetts, but still very playable - and enjoyable, for an early access title."
,Not Recommended,437220,22403007,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sweet Chicken Salmonella,"Updated as of The Big House update.They finally made steps into the right direction, but it's still not enough. While it is loads better than what it was, they had to strip down almost everything to get it into a 'working' state. The few steps made in the right way are offset by the many steps they've taken in the wrong way. Increasing the price won't help them bring the playerbase back. Not testing their patches won't bring their playerbase back. This game is better than what it was, but it's nowhere near as good on release. Even with all the new features, there is still only a 10th of the playerbase playing. At least it's better than 1% like it used to, at least. While I wouldn't say ""do not buy, worst game ever!"" I will say this. Wait until it is a finished product.I don't want to say 'too little too late', but for many people, it is.:Edit, and nooowww it's dead. Completely dead."
,Recommended,437220,22120413,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Matches,So fun. Made me stay up past my bedtime. 420/420 two blunts up.
76561198308744893,Not Recommended,437220,24354259,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Daryl Dixon,Öncelikle  bu oyunu çok az oynamam a rağmen oyun hakkında kesin  bir sonuca ulaştım bu oyunu almayın fikrim bu şimdi bu oyunda 24 lira para veriyorsunuz ve tamamen boşa eğer kötü yorumları kafaya takmıyorsunuz ama lütfen bu yorumu bi kaç kez okuyun belki oyunu almaktan vazgeçersiniz bakın oyuna girdim inanılmaz bi kasma var şimdi diyeceksiniz sistem in kötüdür değil benim bilgisayarım bu oyunu çok rahat kaldıracak durumda ama kasıyor hadi geçelim oyuna girdim sonra bi yerden çıktım kutu gibi yerden başladım bi şeyler toplamaya derken bu oyun çok karanlıktı belki parlaklık azdır dedim baktım parlaklık full oyunda çok ağaç var hepsinin de gölgesi var  oyun inanılmaz karanlık oluyor adam geliyor sana vuruyor sen neden öldüm diyorsun adamı görmeden ölmek ne demek craft sistemi desen patates hadi oyunu değerlendirelimgrafikler:%20 oyunun grafikleri çok kötü olmasın yinede oyun inanılmaz karanlık ancak oyun gerçekçioynanış :%30 oynanış olarak yine başarılı olduğunu düşünmüyorumkontroller :%60 bu oyunun tek başarılı noktası yinede eksikler varCraft sistemi :%10 tamamen çok kötü mesela mızrak ile taşı birleştiriyorsun yay oluyor olm ip olmadan neyin yay yapıyorsunuz craft sisteminin tek iyi noktası ise basit olmasıtoplam:%30 ama oyun daha yeni 4 mart 2016 da çıkmış gelisebilecegini düşünerekten %35bu oyunu almak yerine gidin hamburger yiyin bu oyunu oynayacağımız süreye de gidin uyuyan
76561198272697461,Recommended,437220,26748272,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,salty clause,its awesome its a tense game were if you get the element of surprise by one sec your dead the combat is amazing doesnt lag much (i just dont have the best pc) and its just really hard
,Not Recommended,437220,22076979,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[BBC] Glass,"The Culling is a very competitive game. I absolutely do not recommend it, because of its grave features.PROS:Funny AnnouncerFun Version of Battle RoyaleGreat gearGood mapCons:Takes a while to kill someoneUsually impossible to beat anyone in a fight because their ping is low and yours is 100+Graphics are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥Looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of rust.Spear throwing is extremely difficult.Explosion radius is very tiny and centered. Almost impossible to hit anyone.Way too simple PVP system, PUNCH and BLOCK. There is nothing else to it.I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO NEW GAMERS OR EXPERIENCED GAMERS WITH LITTLE TIME (2 hours or less) TO USE."
,Recommended,437220,22809239,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Artige,"I'll really miss this game. Yeah PUBG is big now, but I don't think The Culling and PUBG are really comparable. I loved this game in its own right. RIP Culling </3"
,Not Recommended,437220,22667530,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MadDogUK,ws good game untill patch now unplayable 60 fps down to 26 fps due to   patch looks like no more culling GG
76561198098267928,Recommended,437220,24139756,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LSDenijol,10/10 would get gangraped again.
76561198233360904,Not Recommended,437220,24607061,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TheGamingSuS,its like the hungergames without the teenagers
76561198081525277,Recommended,437220,23813365,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gob,"Last patch made it playable again, great game."
76561198031787282,Not Recommended,437220,24836362,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rob,"For an entire year every time i start this game it tells me to  ""disable Oculus Rift Plugin"" i have sought out for solutions for this problem but nobody on the steam forums know either. its a fun game when i was able to play it but if i can't play a game for an entire year because of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Oculus Rift plugin that i never asked for i rate it 0/10"
,Recommended,437220,24891975,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,|CZP|ELIT3,What a great game. From the mechanics to the design. Beautiful
,Recommended,437220,24940291,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SqizilixYT,The Culling is a great game. I'll reccomend a new or a good computer to play it with the quality all the way up. Great PVP.
76561198079289916,Recommended,437220,25676465,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dinosaur Satan,"love this game, very challenging."
76561198253977165,Recommended,437220,25834773,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Extra Thicc,"This game still has a way to go, if they were to impliment more gamemodes or something along those lines it would be great. After that all they will need is people to populate the servers, I legit have to wait 82 mins to join a game at the moment. Pls fix."
76561198027153785,Recommended,437220,23761175,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,colliefletch,"The Culling is a fun, but not very deep, experience. For those unaware, it is like the Hunger Games - 16 players spar off against each other until one remains.The trait system allows for a lot of different types of way to play - you can be an aggressive attacker or somebody who benefits from avoiding contact with other players. I preferred to avoid conflict, trying to slowly build up enough FUNC (the Culling equilavent of cash) to unlock better weapons that would help me at the end of the match. Other times I experimented playing a more aggressive game, although attacking other players can lead to other players stumbling upon your location and leaving you for dead. The randomization of some of the crates you unlock means that there is a risk reward - you can call down a crate for a lot of FUNC that has particular weapons or spend less money to randomly open a crate that you do not know what is inside.What I (and many others) disliked about the game was the combat. I would actually prefer for a more realistic approach to combat in this game. The game works on a rock paper scissors type approach - you can attack, block or push. Attacking hurts people, but you can't attack if somebody is blocking. You can push them to stop them blocking which momentarily stuns them and allows you to attack. I dislike this approach to the game. I think if the game took a more realistic approach to combat, it would allow for more strategic approaches to the game. Engaging in combat would become rarer and the scavenging aspect of the game would become more vital. I found myself enjoying the game as I went from building to building trying to scavenge material or coming up with creative ways to do damage to somebody.At the end of the day, I would recommend this game at the price tag. The only caveat would be - if you are not blown away in your first play throughs, I would recommend requesting a refund. This is not the type of game that ""improves"" over time, because there is no depth to the combat. It is a love it or hate it type game and I think you'll know early one whether you love it or hate it."
,Recommended,437220,23889102,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zupernico,"The game is still in alpha but it feels already like a great game that is fun to play.There is still balancing ongoing and some bugs but the devs are working fast and patches are coming steadily.If you want to play a game that somehow feels like a hunger game packed with redbull and blood, this is for you :)"
,Not Recommended,437220,22050657,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Rmanie,Wouldnt let me join a match! I Would get kicked everytime I tried to play
76561198150326159,Not Recommended,437220,22050852,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Coconut Head,pretty dumb
76561198026387233,Not Recommended,437220,22226629,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Shanghai,"Ithurtsto not being able to give this game a good review. However, at this time, this is my oppinion.TL;DR I would give this a 4 out of 10 in its current state, with potencial to make a hundredIts very punishing to start out with. From what i can tell, there is no form of matchmaking, nor any kind of rank, which means that you play against vets alot of the time. This makes the leaning curve relatively steep.Servers, or matchmaking based on rank could leviate this.The game is still in Alpha, and i have great hopes for it, but right now its a bit to basic.I like the fact that there is no crosshairs, forcing you to have some intuitive idea of where you are aiming, however the combat is very basic and consist of three bacis moves (hit,block,push)There is a lack of weapons, but i am sure more will get made along the way.Crossing my fingers that the devs will make this game as awsome as it can be."
,Not Recommended,437220,23526150,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ketchup,"If you are my friend, you probably would hate this game. Dont get it."
,Recommended,437220,21686711,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Lightcruiser,Uninstalling: H1Z1 King Of The Kill
,Not Recommended,437220,29570038,Posted: 29 January,all,XxneomenixX,why is this game now ♥♥♥♥ing 22 euro?????
,Not Recommended,437220,34635270,Posted: 31 August,all,lennastro,miss me with that gay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lmao
,Not Recommended,437220,22818919,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Runscream,"Couldn't even launch it thanks to EasyAntiCheat crashing every time. Tried every solution I found online and then asked the devs for help both on their official website and here on Steam boards. Never got an answer. It's a shame since it looks like a really fun game, but I had to refund it :/"
76561198045679066,Not Recommended,437220,22789046,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Gob,"Wow. This game used to be great. Now, with the new combat system and the fact that 130 ping is now unplayable, this game is just bad."
76561198159498451,Not Recommended,437220,29217732,Posted: 12 January,all,Pimp Daddy Devito,devs ruined it plain and simple. Awful devs truely do not seem to care about customers and feed back. and reading the reviews and seeing how many people are getting comments deleted because they wont listen and dont like to hear the trueth is quite sad it was a great game with great potenial.
,Not Recommended,437220,29217095,Posted: 12 January,all,Riggd,"I bought this game.. played it 1 round. Then went to masterbate. I come back and no one is playing it, streaming it, or even masterbating.This game is garbage. Save yourself the money and go masterbate."
76561197995200417,Not Recommended,437220,29231923,Posted: 13 January,all,Xanitos,"an apropriate title for this game would be server queue simulator 2016, impossible to find a multiplayer game because nobody even plays the game anymore making it only good for practice mode against bots, what a horrible waste of $17 and here the hunger games genre dies."
,Not Recommended,437220,21836182,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,decoy xddddd,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Верблюда
76561198089860003,Not Recommended,437220,22208912,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ritra,"Love the idea of a hunger games like game.Hate the corniness and slap stick humor of the commentators and voice casters.Love the idea of battle royale with a crafting system for weapons.Hate the idea of a currency in order to be able to make a bow, or anything else.Love the idea of the traps, gas modules and deadly explosives.Hate the idea of rifles that are almost one shot kills.As you can see, I have a love hate relationship with this game, but it's clever, I think after 50 more patches it would be really decent but it's too gimmicky for me and it feels like It's trying to be borderlands too much with its humor, I'll give it a pass thanks, I didn't enjoy the crappy optimisation and terribly written combat mechanics anyway."
01110011011000010,Not Recommended,437220,22150167,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sam B,not ready
76561197980145954,Recommended,437220,22035518,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Maker_Wolf,"I LOVE this game. Don't let the early access label fool you, there's a lot of depth and content in this game. The gameplay is really solid too, you have a lot of options for how to play, and how to fight. I started out and was like ""half this stuff is useless"", but the more I played, the more I realized that every weird item can be a game winner in the right situation. ..and you'll find out too, because you'll get murdered with all of them ..a lot. After all, there's 16 players and only 1 winner.If you like the hunger games, and skill based games with lots of tactical options, get this right now. My friend told me to get it, now I'm telling all my friends to get it too."
76561198288462525,Recommended,437220,22035329,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Parkerlavoie,BEST GAME EVER so fun just try and survive like the hunger games
,Not Recommended,437220,32642720,Posted: 22 June,all,Dwa sandały (AS-ndrzej),"This game is a great example of developers listening to wrong people.Usually when there is an update to a game, it's making it better, not at the culling thought. here instead of waiting for an update and being happy when it's realised you will get stressed ""aw♥♥♥♥♥♥ what they ♥♥♥♥ up this time I wonder"". EVERY ♥♥♥♥IG UPDATE IS A MISTAKE AND A HORIBLE JOKE. it can only go worse from now... simply don't buy it."
76561198189651575,Not Recommended,437220,29232497,Posted: 13 January,all,ManwichTheWarlock,"Honestly this game is terrible in exicution (great idea) It's simply just no fun for new players because you'll be killed in the first few minutes of the game to an expirienced player. The rarity of weapons is ubsurdly high, if you don't get a good spawn the best you'll usually get is a teir two from an early game air drop. This game need to place you in matches based on skill level. the combat of this game feels extremly clunky and very bland. this game offer no way to improve your skill besides a near usless practice mode, so getting better consists of joining a match (5+ minutes wait) getting into a fight with someone (and hoping they don't have a better weapon) and most likely losing to the more expirenced player."
76561198088979908,Not Recommended,437220,29193617,Posted: 11 January,all,Sugarfruit33,"This game is in early access for a reason far too big. I had high hopes for this game, until I played it and realized it's really just trash. The controls are so wonky and running is a joke, your speed takes you nowhere. The multiplayer doesn't make it better. You'd think encountering an enemy player would be a thrilling fight, when it's very anticlimactic and one of you will just die in a matter of seconds. The game has a cool idea, but it's going in all the wrong directons."
76561198079397365,Recommended,437220,27618383,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,skyguydouglas,"A lot of people are saying that the devs are hurting this game with counter intuitive updates, and while I can't really disagree with them, they are forgetting what this game still is...FUN!This is definitely my favorite PvP game."
,Not Recommended,437220,28127374,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ℂ⍉Ł⍉↯↯Ʊ↯,"It takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of time to get into a game and when you do, get ready to get ♥♥♥♥ed by a cheater.200 players on avrage in the last month, game is dead.My advice-seriously make the game f2p companys has done it with games like evolve and the player base jumped up like crazy, it just didn't hold on to evolve because it was a new idea, like no other and I guess people don't like creative ideas in their games.So yhea free game=Alive15$=Dead.You can throw in IAP to get back the money but make sure it's not p2w and bump the game with new updates that will keep the game fresh."
,Recommended,437220,21881985,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,capital,"Thumbs up from me because of the gameplay and the concept, it is really addicting and fun.Especially if you're playing with a friend.i myself stopped playing because of the poor optimization though.People are getting 30-40 FPS with super computers, including me.Just get's boring after a while when it's running like on a playstation 2"
76561198033279228,Not Recommended,437220,22636263,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mr. Perfecte Bacon,"Wonderful game, horrible stage. Refunded, will be back for a check-up early summer."
76561198280556288,Recommended,437220,22657167,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,:)zIAmGoDz(:,For people who have SUCKS PC spec.......recommend not to play yet
76561198081445036,Recommended,437220,27591352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mane.exe,like they say after the rain there's always a rainbow. the rainbow is a bit grey but ITS THERE! great game but takes a long time to get decent lol to the people that get turned away by the OG's just fight everyone you see and mix it up a bit and dont left click spam. sooner or later you will be up there with them!
,Recommended,437220,28173683,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,{FA} RiseOfDeath779,"I just wanna say, that game is worth to the money you give. Combat system is very challenging and hard to maintain. Learning is hard because many people left this game and only pros remain. I've just started 1 month ago just before that perk removing update and I can say that removing those perks made game better. There is no more ""Best Build"" in the game. I need to say that this game is still in ""Early Access"" so big changes can be expected like how it has happened in last 2 monthsAlso I do not recommend that game if you're not looking for a challenging game... You can die to a beginner if you underestimate them... Also there isn't a rule saying that ""Stronger weapons will guarantee winning"" and you'll face with same opponents because many players left game after last patches (I always see different people though)"
,Not Recommended,437220,29193793,Posted: 11 January,all,SMPL | happytor,ripped off
76561198001316665,Recommended,437220,23988425,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,31770,"There are a lot of salty reviews about this game, but seriously, the game is good.Going to the Cinema costs like 10€ these days. 15 if you get a coke and popcorn.Film lasts about 2 hours.You get more than your moneys worth with this game.The devs are putting out hotfixes + patches regularly, and generally working hard.They are listening to the community and make fixes based around feedback and gathered statistics.Furthermore, you can make your wife play it and laugh at her.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXSD5ARQKZw"
76561198049505675,Not Recommended,437220,24595000,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ali,always had ping of over 200 so unplayable
,Recommended,437220,27759431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,eWolf,"First of all I will say that I am awful at this game. Even with that information though I like it quite a bit. I do disagree in the direction they have gone. I feel like the game feels a little bare at this point, but overall its a pretty good game.GamePlayThe fighting system has come a long way. The entire thing feels like a game of Paper, Rock, Scissors, with the consquences of losing is death. When I first started it was really buggy. It didn't feel satisfying to block because more likely you would just be punished for doing it. Now it's in a pretty good place with blocks feel more responsive not so much like your hands get stuck velcro'd to your forehead.GraphicsI am very underwhelmed by the graphics. Everyone looks like they have been dipped in babyoil. The faces between male and female are, lets face it the same. They are pretty low grade even on highest settings. The majority of hats take your hair off. WHY! Can I not have hair and a hat?The wait time is a bit high waiting about 3-5 minutes in between each match. A bit more for teams but, I still suggest you try it! It's super frustrating when you first start but get so addictive once you get your first win. 7/10"
76561198090711685,Not Recommended,437220,24677499,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,PrinsBota123,"The game has potecial but, the game is wayy too laggy and glitchy, clearly a early access, i would rather get my money back, then play this game any longer, i dont recommend it!"
,Recommended,437220,22661179,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Raymond Tracer,"Whenever I feel like winning for a change, I play with bots. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,437220,23223503,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,блять,Give this game a Voicechat and i will recommend it xD
76561198050444982,Recommended,437220,27494042,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpoonFed,ATM this is an early access game. It is being updated and tinkered with constantly. I've had a lot of fun playing this game and plan to continue to do so.
76561198150644300,Not Recommended,437220,23225743,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Beanfest,"In a remote island NIGHTMARE, 16 contestants have 25 minutes to LAG,  PRAY THEY SPAWN IN WITH A TEAMMATE, SAVE UP FOR RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE AIRDROPS, DEAL WITH A TERRIBLE NEW UPDATE, hunt and LAG with each other. There has never been a WORSE battle royale game this focused, brutal, and LAG-filled! Only one will be crowned the winner, do you have the guts to survive WITH 300 PING?"
,Not Recommended,437220,34025654,Posted: 4 August,all,justaleaf,Go buy PUBG instead. Don't support this game
76561198020280432,Recommended,437220,24006089,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Satin,"I am starting to see more and more negative reviews for this game. Many of them have said that recent updates have made the game run crappy and much slower. I do not have a great computer, but I have had no troubles with this game running poorly. I feel like The Culling deserves more credit than it is getting. The game is intense, fast pased, and fun. A lot of people are hating on the combat system, too. Although it is a little weird, it isn't bad. I feel like the map is a good size for how many people are put into a single game. I have noticed that the queue time has gone up since all of the bad reviews piled up, and there have not been a whole lot of new names appearing.There are not many other Battle Royale fight to the death games out there, and out of the few, there are even less good ones. I feel like overall this is a good, fun game. I have definately gotten more thatn $15 woth of enjoyment out of this game already, and it isn't even done yet."
,Recommended,437220,24165889,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,《CheezeIsGouda》,"My thoughts about the game and the updates people are complaining about:Combat is fun, but needs some polishing. It's super rewarding and intense, but it's a little buggy. However, the game isn't finished yet.Guns are somewhat overpowered and very annoying in straight combat, but then again there are many ways for you to approach the task of killing another contestant. Also they are guns. The only way you can get guns is from rare air drops or by calling them in with F.U.N.C. You have to do really well to get them.Oh, and the right gear and perk selections are essential.Performance is acceptable, definitely not the worst you can get. Take note that you need a good processor. (When I upgraded to an FX-8370 from an FX-6300, I saw a hugely noticeable difference.)The character customization is pretty awesome for clothing, but I would like to see more customization for the body of the character as well. I will also recommend stackable hats. (Such as a hat and a balaclava rather than one or the other.)Atmosphere is tense. My friend and I are always on edge when we play. We also laugh at the announcer's lines on a regular basis. (They are truly hilarious!)Speaking of friends, Teams mode is awesome with a pal. Honestly, we usually both do horrible at the game, but we still have fun.We also played basketball with rocks. Which is a good thing."
,Recommended,437220,28951575,Posted: 2 January,all,Tonic,The Cullingis a fantastic quick passing game. The game has a well-constructed map and just the right number of players to fill an arena. I would recommend this game because of its great combat and because it's really different to most other battle royal games. UPDATE: The game is starting to drag on a bit and tbh there is FreeToPlay battle royal styled game which is outperforming this game.
,Not Recommended,437220,33855552,Posted: 28 July,all,joobs,"Good game, then they changed everything and it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥unfortunately."
,Recommended,437220,24362801,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Salty Schmuck csgolive.com,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, even as an annoying salty 14 year old, its so enjoyable."
76561198276956323,Recommended,437220,26747487,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bob The Great®,i LOVE this game and i know a lot of people are hateing on this game butt i say the complete opposite. this game is my new FAVORITED game.
76561198068907721,Recommended,437220,28254051,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Randy Butternubs,Get ready to die in 30seconds as some pro shoves you to death while your frozen on the spot. The game itself is fun but unless you play it often prepare to die over and over...
,Recommended,437220,28271295,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Minato,good
,Not Recommended,437220,22882909,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Haggis Hunter,id rather be♥♥♥♥♥♥on by a bear than play this again
,Not Recommended,437220,22473262,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cap Jack,very very laggy and no asian servers. cant play properly..
76561198116756594,Recommended,437220,21629392,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Pagefile21,"Please don't be discredited devs. You guys are doing a wonderful job and this update impressed me alot. The best thing you can do right now is maybe throw something in for the butthurt players who have no skill and blame the game. Yes this game has issues, but the reviews, and reception is not  only rude, but not very constructive. Just ride it out, and know that this is not at the fault of you guys! Keep up the awesome work!"
,Recommended,437220,21636465,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,Great game super cool
,Recommended,437220,21646947,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Crex_NYC,The game is cheap and hours and hours of fun what else could you ask for? If there is some trouble shooting that needs to be done they will fix it eventually figure out a way around the issue you are having.
76561198133220558,Recommended,437220,21627442,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DeBronEe,"This game is pretty damn awesome, it takes a while till you learn how to pvp, but the gameplay and graphics are cool!! If you are searching for a hardcore multiplayer survival game this is what you wanna play!"
,Recommended,437220,21649103,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,xBReeSe,"I started off in a box... with holes in, i though i was getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then, the box dropped and i saw a half naked man next to me. I died.. I cri every tim, 9/10 would get stuffed in a box and most probably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again..."
,Recommended,437220,21673289,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wyer,"A person was jumping out of a mountain and died. The presenter of the game says ""one player commit suicide. physicals win""10 of 10 suicid jumper would recommend this game"
,Recommended,437220,21629424,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,fresh,finally i can live out my middle school dream of participating in the hunger games
,Recommended,437220,21648597,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,OrBit,"The culling.... what can i say about the culling. Its honestly the most fun ive had in a video game since the release of rainbow six siege. Worth every pennie. Its a definent buy for me. bought it, played 11hrs straight. Fun combat, fun grinding, fun everything."
,Recommended,437220,21673501,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Spray Cheese™,"Amazing game! I am absolutely in love with this title right now. The gameplay is fun and keeps you on your feet, and the atmosphere is intense and realistic. The ambient sounds that resonate around the map are chilling. For instance, everytime someone else on the map gets killed, the announcer reports how they died in a comedic way, but in the background you can hear a faint manly *UGH*. The combat is entertaining and intruiging. It always brings me back to play more matches. The melee mechanics are intricate and more complex than meets the eye. The presentation of the game is fantastic and sort of comedic, although the gameplay itself is very intense and can get quite ferocious. The only things that bother me so far are a few bugs and minor adjustments that COULD be made. One of these small arduous features are the announcers  comments and cameras + machines near buildings. The game gets its sarcastic and comedic sense across just fine, but with the recycle and healing devices constantly whiring, I find myself spending too much time deciding if its and enemy approaching or not, or just flatout getting jumpscared. The only bugs i've run into are glitches like getting stuck in a sort of spectator mode in the center of the map and being forced to walk backwards forever (yes it actually happened). Also, i think uncapping the framerate would be cool, as far as I can see it is locked at about 62 fps without vsync. I think uncapping this would help smooth the gameplay and have everyone show their true skill without limit in visual. Thank you for this wonderful H1Z1 band-aid, and I reccomend it to all my friends."
,Not Recommended,437220,21989341,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,GaugeSix,"Invisible players killing me left and right. Dunno if thats a bug or if thats an ability. Either way, tutorials didnt mention it. Not wasting any more time on this game."
,Recommended,437220,21627145,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Angry Pussy Destroyer,Been addicted ever since I saw the stream and that launch commercial all in one day.Tip: Buy this now!!!
,Recommended,437220,21636626,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lliama,The competitive game I enjoy playing most.. and the fact that I can win most of the time helps. Never have I enjoyed stabbing people in the back like an angry ewok much like The Culling.
76561198067627208,Recommended,437220,21651674,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NightKnight,i played this game and had my very first premature ejaculation. that has never happened to me but i love it.
,Recommended,437220,21673467,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,B5oard,"Great game. A lot of fun, especially if you liked the hunger games."
,Recommended,437220,21628245,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,"Hahahahhaa funniest game ever, I played this co-op game mode. Me and my team mate faced a 2v2 battle, he stands there while the 2 enemies attack me, after I die he finally understands that he's supposed to kill them! he kills the guy I tazed n a second later he kills the other guy. I'd totally let him kill them again after I die! HAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,437220,21628985,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lifeline21,"H1Z1 mixed with Hunger Games, still needs more work but that will definatly come because this game just got early realeased during this review. As addicting as CSGO if you have teammate!!!!!! 8/10"
76561198065806040,Recommended,437220,21629555,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ednooooo,"Actually a really fun game. It runs decently and looks ok. Running into some bugs now, there are times when weapons just will not work it seems to be an imput lag of some sort. It has now gotten me killed twice so it is a bit of a pain. The map is also pretty barren im sure that it will be expanded in the future. The matchmaking can also take awhile so sit down with a cup of coffee whenn you start playing."
,Recommended,437220,21636034,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,mtmoore81,early but excited for future plans and content.
,Recommended,437220,21652888,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FadedGamingHD_YT,Fantastic game to play with friends really enjoying this game totaly reccomend!
,Recommended,437220,21673560,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Demise,I killed someone by throwing Iron 4 Skin ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 10/10 great game.
76561198230465048,Recommended,437220,21652070,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Killerz71,This game game is sooooo fun and really cheap for a AWSEOME game anyone out there with 15 bucks should get it. The combat is amazing and the guns are well balanced. 10/10
