user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198134565642,Recommended,437250,32234898,Posted: 7 June,all,velkito,"Very imaginative writing, in the vein of Sunless Sea, but without much of what I've perceived as tedium in that game. HMD is far from perfect, and its criticisms are mostly warranted, and I am certainly not enjoying avoiding fights, having seen already a good 20% of the map, but being too poor to upgrade my ship, however the writing hits a magic spot for me that makes me ignore as best as possible the areas where this game comes short."
76561198019795288,Recommended,437250,29674993,Posted: 3 February,all,bobbyg,"Amazingly atmospheric, dark and exciting.  Really enjoyable so far.Plays like a much quicker version of Sunless Sea with better and more complex combat.  If you liked Sunless Sea then you're going to love this game.Furthermore, upon playing 20+ hours, this game is HUGE!  Not huge like pointlessly grinding huge, but massive in terms of content.  Many more cities, many more characters, many more interactions than Sunless Sea.   At this price it's an amazing steal.  Just buy it and go romance a million crows or something.**Update**I was one of the players who didnt' have many bugs at release, so no real complaints on my part.  I do want to note that the developer has released a day one patch, so that may have fixed the problems for those  who had them.  Don't let a somewhat rocky first day from a one person shop deprive you of this delicious narrative experience."
,Recommended,437250,29722100,Posted: 5 February,all,mand0lyn,"First order of business:1) YES THE GAME IS BUGGY AF2) I can't stop playing because it's so damn addictingI have a hard time finding a game that will hold my attention for more than a couple hours. Long gone are the days of playing an RPG for 36 hours straight while home ""sick"" from school. Instead I often find myselff playing an hour of a cheap Steam game, then moving on and never looking back. So to find this gem of a game on it's release day has been a breath of fresh air.As you will see from other reviews, dev blogs, forums, etc... the game in its current state is still fairly buggy. I made it about 12 hours before I had any crashing, whereas others had it fairly early on.HOWEVER,the one-man dev team(yes it's all the brainchild of one man)has already addressed these issues and has been working around the clock to fix them. Mr. Tuffs has been all over social media and the discussion forums taking note of any and all issues, fixing them, AND answering all the questions players have had. So hats off to him!With that being said, this game is an absolute delight. I have been able to easily look past any minor technical glitches. Hell, I haven't really minded the crashes either. The story-telling in so in depth that it completely enraptures your senses. Almost every conversation you have gives you a multitude of choices that can lead to nearly infinite possibilities. Some moments are blood-curdling terrifying(don't ever let your sanity go to 0, just saying), some are sombre and filled with melancholy, and some are so bizarre and outlandish that they are down right hilarious (looking at you Tybalt). This game is very text heavy, which makes me feel better about already spending 15 hours on it. It's no different from reading a book, right? And that's just it. This game feels like I am delving into an interactive book series filled to the brim with adventure, heartache, war, and glory.The artwork is absolutely moody and gorgeous. At first I was unsure how I felt about a lack of imagery (example, you won't see a character portrait for each and every new face you meet), but the writing is done so well that it is easy to conjure up your own visualizations. Combined with an impressive, atmospheric score that is reminiscent of what Ramin Djawadi did for 'Westworld', each new location you visit immediately gives a sense of what it's all about. Maybe it's a nice safe haven or a seedy stopover for romantic pirates, or maybe you shouldn't stop in this room at all.The characters themselves feel completely fleshed out, even those who technically don't have flesh. With character driven plot-points and missions, I quickly felt deeply connected with all members of my crew. While the lower deck crew just seems like a revolving door of bodies (seriously can they just for once not fall prey to the darkness?), the upper deck crew feels like that lovable rag-tag bunch of miscreants from all your favourite stories and shows.Admittedly, I had difficulty getting a grasp on battles at first. Although there is a bit of a tutorial, I still had no idea what I was doing. I hope in the near future a full tutorial can be constructed, as I feel this will aid the gameplay tremendously. However, once you figure it out, battles are quite fun and IMO have the best music in the whole game (think 1920s carnival). Because battles are not random encounters, you can easily avoid them if you'd like. However, not every ship/creature/dirigible/kinetopede is an enemy, so why not try saying hello to all of them.Overall, I am completely enamoured with this beautifully creepy, gothic, witty, and inventive game. It needs some polishing here and there, and could have benefitted from some early access time, but things happen and that's life. I have the utmost faith in the developer that all issues will be handled, so I encourage everyone to give it a shot. With the right support and backing I can see this game reaching cult status, especially due to it's replayability.Ciao for now! I have to get back to fixing a ghoul election, seducing an oil rig, and aiding a mad underwater scientist destroy the House. XoXo"
,Recommended,437250,29682874,Posted: 3 February,all,waftwaffle,"+ If you enojoy Sunless Sea, give this a try. It's not the same setting, but it has a similar atmosphere and isn't as ruthless in terms of gameplay- no starvation, slower sanity decreases, start off with a full crew.+ A large map to explore with many cities to find.- A little slow to respond at times, such as when using the map, but it's the first day so that may improve.- Either the enemies are tough or I'm bad at combat.Update:+ I recently played Sunless Sea again and can say that fuel consumption is slower as well- Sanity decrease may not be that much slower, but there seems to be less chance you will lose large chunks of sanity through simple actions+ Multiple updates have improved response time.+ One of the first things I bought with my money was a second weapon which helped make combat easier, though many enemies are still too tough to beat+/- Arriving at a city does not immediately unlock all the quests to that area, I explored one city three times before passing a skillcheck that unlocked additional acquaintances."
,Recommended,437250,32328382,Posted: 10 June,all,vitalik1700,"So, as one can decide from reading description, this is discount Sunless Sea. This game takes many concepts (including copy-pasted interface) from Sunless Sea and does them a little worse. Worse music, worse writings, worse balance, atmosphere and worse everything. This is what I feel when playing ""A House of Many Doors"".But still this is positive review, because ""worse"" doesn't mean ""bad"". Surely, I'm a bit discontent with many things (the main being necessity to constantly navigate boring, junk-filled rooms, which is really painful after Sunless Sea's endless ocean). But game still playable, has a lot of content (maybe too many, since it starts to feel like ""many of the same content""), and overall - not bad. So, if you explored all Sunless Sea, opened every possible ending and have a feeling that you ""seen it all"" there, and if you despise Sunless Sea's cousin ""Fallen London"" for one reason or another (I despise it for being basically a half mobile/half MMO game with in-app purchases) - this is a game for you."
,Recommended,437250,29733794,Posted: 5 February,all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A moody, ""literary sandbox RPG"" set in a bizarre patchwork dimenions.  Though a bit unpolished, it's compelling and extremely well-written, with plenty of twists and turns, a lot to do, and multiple ending.You may have heard some concerns about the game's polish.  There are some. However, this is also a game where I was able to seduce a one-eyed undead woman at a bar inside a hollow tree before dropping off a passenger at a city of slavers where I was looking to forment a rebellion.  I also found a dog from another world, fixed an election, and now a guy who exists in two tmelines at once wants to sleep with me.  So I'm forgiving some polish issues.So let's get the questions out of the way:1) The launch was buggy and there were some polish issues.  The author worked his backside off on those to fix them in the first few days.  As of this writing there's still some bugs being quashed and new features being added - it's actively supported.2) It's inspired by Sunless Sea and Fallen London but is very much its own world and own thing, with it's own feel and sensibilities.  In fact, some of its other influences will surprise you when  you find them . . .3) It's probably one of the best-written and most imaginative games you'll play, period. For sheer gut-punch emotional impact I'm going to put it up there with Personal 4, Fallen London, and a few other games.OK, done there, good.  On with the review.House Of Many Doors is a sandbox ""explore-trade-interact"" RPG in the vein of ""Pirates,"" its inspiration ""Sunless Sea,"" and more.  Highly literate, atmospheric, and story-driven it's probably a game that means ""Sunless Sea"" is a genre now, kind of like GTA became.  Sunless Sandbox?You play an adventurer and writer who was born in the House, a dimension that steals from other dimensions and stashes parts of them inside itself, a giant structure of connected rooms.  In this dark, mysterious place are cities, places, people, and even gods and natural laws pilfered from elsewhere.  Despite the chaos, civilizations have managed to arise in this place over the centuries and do what civilizations do - write, fight, expand, study, and die.You decided to explore it, though as you come to after a pirate attack it's not going quite as planned.  Soon, depending on what you want to do you might search for missing memories, follow a god, battle pirates, or become a news reporter.  Or just get to know all your crew and seduce them as you travel around in your Sex Train.There's a LOT to do in House of Many Doors.Gameplay consists of:1) Wandering through the ""cells"" of the house in your ""Kinetopede.""  This is pretty simple if fast-playing.  Most of it involves looking for glowing signs of interesting stuff or dodging enemies.2) When you can't or don't outrun enemies (which isn't too hard especially if you build a high-speed Kinetopede) you fight them in a kind of turn-based FTL-style combat.  Combat is interesting, though not as well explained as it could be.3) In cities and major locations you can trade, interact, upgrade your kinetopede, sell, buy, and indulge in all sorts of adventures and stories.4) You interact with your crew to improve abilites and follow their stories, and if you want, get romantic with them.  Not all of them are romance options, many have complex and interesting stories with multiple endings - not all of them good or happy.5) Actions unlock all sorts of other actions, stories, challenges, and more.  One posession, one choice, one test might send you down a whole other story. Part of the game is figuring out what unlocks other parts.6) You can take on a variety of jobs and tasks; preach about a god, write for the news, smuggle information, start a civil war.  Played right almost any path is rewarding.7) You can write in the game.  Get experience for writing poetry, compose a mangum opus, be a news reporter. and more.  Experiences and news are like items - you can acquire them, combine them, and use them to achieve various goals.So when it comes down to it, yes the game is good, in some cases exceptional, and in a few groundbreaking.).  There's a lot to do, a lot to explore, many options.  It's brilliantly written and incredibly evocative.There are flaws as mentioned.  The launch was buggy.  The game has a lot of polish issues, little things that could have made it easier, or irritating design choices.  It has, pretty much, the very issues you'd expect to find in an indie game.However, it's a very impressive game.  So the question is, who is this for?* If you like indie games and games that get truly imaginative and outrageous, it's hard not to reccomend it.  This is everything we expect from a good indie title, something that doesn't just push the boundaries, it pushes them off a cliff - especially in the area of writing and worldbuilding.  It's existence is a reminder of how good game writing can be and how a world can come to life.* If you want a change from the same-old-same-old  sandbox-explorer type games.  This is a change, especially with the plot and the unusual choices.* If you're looking for AAA type polish, no you won't have it.  This is an indie game, with it's limits.  It's also an indie game so it gets over many OTHER limits, but it has its flaws.* If you're not sure of the whole sandbox-literary-rpg mix it's not a good starting point.* It'd probably make a good gift for an indie-loving friend.House of Many Doors isn't for everyone.  But the fact it exists makes the gaming world a little more interesting for all of us.  If you think it might be for you and are willing to invest some time getting to know it, it'll probably be worth it."
76561198019099348,Recommended,437250,31686383,Posted: 11 May,all,Rorshacma,"“A House of Many Doors” is for those who enjoy text-heavy games, and can put up with some fairly tedious, but atmospheric, exploration in order to experience tons of pretty great writing and world building.  While the world map can seem somewhat empty and repetitive at times, the story sequences that you will be spending most of your time on more than make up for it.The obvious comparison to make with this game is with the earlier game, “Sunless Sea”, as the two games have some obvious similarities in gameplay and storytelling.  Compared to that game, HoMD is considerably less difficult, and more accessible, due to allowing multiple save files and the ability to reload at any point, even after a game over.  As a result, this game never really gives the same sense of dread that “Sunless Sea” gave, where you knew that any major mistakes on your end could be catastrophic.  On the other hand, it also means that a simple, careless error doesn’t mean having to start the game over from scratch and going through the repetitive early game portions again and again.  Overall, anybody who enjoyed “Sunless Sea” should definitely give HoMD a try, as it’s fairly likely they will enjoy this one as well.  It’s similar enough to feel familiar, but definitely has its own unique charms.It took me about 24 hours total to complete the game with one of the endings, doing as many of the optional sidequests and storylines that I came across.  However, there were whole sections of the map that I never explored, and many sidequests that I never even started.  If you compound that with the fact that the majority of the sidequests in the game have multiple solutions and story branches, this is a game that I can definitely see myself going back to in order to either continue playing or start again from the beginning.  Some of the earlier reviews here, as well as other commentary I’ve seen online, seem to indicate that the game suffered from some performance issues shortly after launch, such as crashing and broken sidequests.  Most of these seem to have been fixed since then, as I never experienced the latter, and only had the game freeze up on me once."
76561198028247229,Recommended,437250,32785438,Posted: 25 June,all,Reverend Zeratul,"tl;drBears more than a passing resemblance to Sunless Sea, and manages to be sufficiently different to be worth checking out.Setting: A dark portion of a multiverse; this universe is called The House. From what I've seen so far, it's a post-apocalyptic wasteland of ruins, possibly-cursed locations, giant mushrooms, unexplained statues, large rocks, pirates, travelers, and more. All shrouded in darkness. The description of ""rooms"" makes you think The House will be a little more interesting than it is. Many of the rooms are essentially empty, or have a repeated random encounter, which can lead to some monotony. This is broken up with the occasional city (all rather unique) and other places of interest (the unmoving star, the burning god, etc). You will also get glimpses of other universes. The setting is imaginative and the pacing is decent. (Making money through trade, however, is less straightforward than Sunless Sea.)Combat: Usually something to be avoided. It's sort of turn-based - interesting but not well-explained. In the beginning your weapons/hull aren't good enough for you to survive most encounters anyway. You'll spend a good portion of the game running from potential enemies.Characters: There are a wide variety of lively characters. You have a few customization options for yourself, although for the most part you're stuck with the job of poet/writer/journalist/explorer. Your goal is to escape The House - if it's even possible. You run around in a steam locomotive with spidery legs.Other stuff:+ It seems the developer has patched most of the significant bugs. (June 2017) You can still find bugs. Some minor, such as NPCs passing through objects. I did experience one major bug: going through a door but then somehow it was locked after I passed through, which made me stuck in the doorway. I could see into the next room, but couldn't go forward or back. I was forced to exit the game in order to continue. (I was able to replicate this - just head east from Phobetor Quinn until you encounter a locked door, then head south.)+ Music and graphics are decent.+ You can save your game often, and you should, in case something goes wrong. (Autosave can't always help you.) I kind of wish there were more available save slots.+ At the moment, this is part of the Steam Summer Sale, and costs just over $6. This is a good price point for people on the fence.+ The available endings are satisfying and intriguing. I think for most people it'll take 10-15 hours to beat the game. 20+ if you do more exploration and don't focus on getting to the end ASAP.Overall I would say Sunless Sea is the better game.A House of Many Doorsis more forgiving and has a bit more in the way of character interaction. If you like exploration games or Sunless Sea, you'll probably like this game too. Read the game's description: what you see is what you'll get.A House of Many Doorsisn't perfect but it's a decent game which has merits."
76561197968907104,Recommended,437250,30008736,Posted: 18 February,all,TheSHEEEP,"tl;dr version: You like games with excellent writing and/or Sunless sea? BUY THIS!I would say Sunless Sea and A House Of Many Doors are like siblings.Clearly the same family, but really quite different characters.A House of Many Doors is the bigger one - the map really comes off as bigger, though divded into sections, a bit similar to Binding Of Isaac.It is also the more talkative sibling - there is simply more writing (but excellent writing, no less).It has a worse taste in fashion - the UI has many smaller quirks and issues and is rather inefficient at times, which can be a bit annoying.It is a bit more clever than it's brother - instead of action combat, combat in this game is turn based and allows you to apply some actual tactics and send people around. Nice!It is more merciful - you can save at (almost?) any time and have different save slots.It is a worse dancer - The controls range between working fine and ""why does this feel so weird to control"", some of this is related to the UI issues.It is insane - I mean, even more so than Sunless Sea. Wonderful.If asked which one I would recommend more, I'd have kind of a hard time. Sunless Sea is more polished, no doubt. But give this one some more time & publicity and I am sure the developer can iron out many of the remaining issues.But either way, you can't go wrong with buying A House of Many Doors."
,Recommended,437250,29947153,Posted: 15 February,all,Forgetful Brain,"If A House of Many Doors looks like an eerie amount like Sunless Sea, you're not mistaken - but there's good reason for that. Failbetter Games (the devs of Sunless Sea) apparently financed half of this game, and the primary developer worked on it in their offices. Once you understand that, the connection to Sunless Sea makes a lot more sense, and rather than a knockoff, it feels like a sister title to Sunless Sea.That said, it's certainly a bit more rough around the edges than Sunless Sea. While most of the UI and mechanics are the same, there are some differences. The art isn't nearly as polished, and the gameplay isn't quite as fun. Rather than exploring a map that changes each playthrough, you explore a series of tiled rooms (similar to Binding of Isaac) where the locations stay the same. There are some randomized events on each tile, but for the most part they're visually uninteresting and static. The combat, too, is a drag. The mechanics are a bit like FTL, except not in real time, and it's best avoided as it's never particularly fun or rewarding. That makes exploring the world in A House of Many Doors more of a chore than the almost meditative experience it was in Sunless Sea.Still, despite these flaws, it's absolutely worth playing simply because the writing is absolutely phenomenal. It's just as good as Sunless Sea, yet unique with its own tone. Despite the bland gameplay, it's a world you want to explore, that's easy to get lost in - which is a huge accomplishment.If this is the beginning of a series of ""Sunless-likes"" I couldn't be more happy. It's been a long while since I've found anything so enchanting and transporting in the world of gaming, and it's great to have something to fill that gap while Sunless Skies goes through development."
76561198164986568,Recommended,437250,30172915,Posted: 25 February,all,claraliz.williams,"A House of Many Doors is stylistically very similar to Sunless Sea. The basic premise-- that you are an explorer piloting a vessel through dangerous, otherworldly darkness-- is exactly the same. You move through text-based storylines that lead you from one port to another, and often require you to collect items from unknown ports in other parts of the world. That being said, this game has its own benefits and shortfalls as compared to Sunless Sea.Pros: Progression through the game feels much faster. Your craft travels fairly quickly, and through fairly easily obtained upgrades you can make it move quite fast. On multiple replays, the beginning isn't quite so repetitive, because you aren't channeled to one or two main quests. There are more options. The world feels much vaster. I haven't completed the map, but as compared to Sunless Sea, it seems as though there are far more cities to visit. Money is also much easier to accumulate, so you don't feel as though you are just scraping by for too long. Also, using the weight-based (rather than item number based) cargo system, it's much easier to carry around a lot of light, useful items, and you can increase your hold size without affecting travel too much.Cons: The art style is a bit lacking. I get sick of seeing the same rocks, the same trees with the same interaction text, the same ruined buildings with the same events over and over again. I also don't like the way travel feels choppy (though it is justified in the context of the game). I would like running seamlessly through the world far more than I would popping from room to room. The music, while I generally don't have a problem with it, is grating in some regions of the map-- too loud and intrusive (up by Chimer, for instance). The combat system is only so-so. I don't like how I get whisked away to a sort of mini-game to fight. I would prefer combat be incorperated in the terrain that was provided by the room. Also, because the terrain of the rooms is randomly generated, sometimes I appear in a room and immediatly smash into an archway or something, which is annoying. There are also some movement glitches or something where, though it appears there's nothing in the way of my centipede, I can't move forward or turn. The game is also a bit buggy in general, though I do think that it's being actively worked on.It's a fun game, albeit less polished than I would like, with good writing, good pacing, original locations, and reasonably quick progression."
,Recommended,437250,33437117,Posted: 10 July,all,Danko,"First of all, to the people comparing this game to Sunless Sea: the maker of this game literally made it from the Sunless Sea creators' offices with their full permission. So yes, the game borrows most mechanics and interface from SS, the story and setting are heavily inspired by SS as well. All of that shouldn't bother you (unless you hated SS).The great:+ The writing. This is a heavily narrative-driven game and the setting, the story, the characters and the prose are all up to the task. I can't say it's any less engaging than the wonderful Neath of Sunless Sea/Fallen London.+ The art. City backgrounds are marvellous. Character portraits are quirky and charismatic, as are their owners.+ The music. Atmospheric if a little repetitive.The bad:- Exploration. The majority of the game you'll spend riding your mechanical centipede across empty boring rooms. This at times is almost enough to cancel any joy you'll be having from the story.- Combat. Just like SS, the least interesting and most useless game mechanic.- Pretty much most of game mechanics. The games' mechanical side is pretty rough around the edges and at best doesn't add much to the experience.All in all this game would probably benefit from stripping the majority of its 'gameplay' mechanics and just sticking with the amazing story and lore in the best CYOA fashion.I still recommend it because as far as weird narrative-driven CYOA games go, it's one of the gems.P.S. It also has a wonderful ending."
76561198001285244,Recommended,437250,29678758,Posted: 3 February,all,Edward Bishop,"This game would be absolutely amazing - if it didn't crash so much, which costs time and progress.  By recommending this title, I'm putting some good faith in the developers to fix these bugs soon, and will update my recommendation accordingly."
76561198126731708,Recommended,437250,29708212,Posted: 4 February,all,mfdisalvi,"This game has bugs. Like, alot of bugs. I've had 6 crashes, failed dialogue options, and still can't find a reference to what the stats do.That. Doesn't. Matter.A House of Many Doors has already stolen my life, and I'll be spending dozens of hours getting it back. This is the rich story and lore of Sunless Sea and Fallen London combined with a great turn-based combat system reminiscent of FTL. I've got nearly nine hours already, and I've still barely scratched the surface of the locations, enemies, stories, and all the House has to offer. And the only real problem, the bugs, will be gone in a matter of a few days. The dev has already released two patches that greatly reduce the worst of them, and more are on the way.Tl;dr: Why are you still here? Buy this game already!"
76561198044420262,Recommended,437250,31303006,Posted: 22 April,all,General Brygady,"I really enojoyed this game. If you liked Sunless Sea, you will like this game as well. You will notice the similarities immediately, but I definitely wouldn't call this a rip off or anything of that nature - it's a great game in it's own right.The world is intriguing and you don't get any long expositions or anything - as you explore and do quests you will get bits of the lory and story here and here, and as you progress it will all start coming together. I found that very interesting and engrossing - exactly what I would hoped for from an exploration based game. You can see a lot of effort went into creating the world.There is a number of locations to explore, a huge amounts of quests and a quite a bit of unique crew members with their own storylines - a completionist playthrough took me about 60 hours. There are multiple endings as well.The only downside would be a few bugs you might run into, but from what I understand they are getting fixed, plus none of the bugs I ran into would really impact my enjoyment of the game.So, to wrap this up, I am heavily recommending the game."
,Not Recommended,437250,29800610,Posted: 9 February,all,Sammage,"This is an extremely tough game to review. By all accounts I should be angry at the game, but it absolutely scratches an itch. The game tells a wonderfully woven story, but is so laden with bugs and far, far too similar to another game, Sunless Sea.I have a very love/hate relationship with this game. I was obsessively playing through the crashes to desktop every 20 minutes to see the next bit of story. I would play for 5 hours trawling back and forth, keeping affairs spinning in a host of different cities, and then get hit by a game bug deleting a bunch of documents and saves for other games, including a hundred hour baldur's gate save.. and then when that got fixed I came back for more. What finally made me give the game a negative review is, after beating the game the alternate way, it packed up for good. It removed all options to play itself, deleted all saves, and left me with a quite expensive paperweight. It is a design choice that leaves me baffled and angry, rather than satisfied.If this game was released Early Access, that would be one thing. You would know what you were getting yourself into, a kind of work in progress, something to opt in to if you couldn't wait to play this game. This thing was released as a full product with a thousand different bugs, crashes, typos, dead conversations, uncompletable quests, and poor gameplay choices. And every time the creator has updated, they've left a comment saying 'okay, this time I've absolutely got all of them', and every time you play you get another dozen crashes and bugs.The saving grace of the game is the wonderful pacing and story. There is a great gameplay loop of exploring further and further afield, adding new adventures and current affairs to your world view, then coming back to your home base to restock. Very few things can be completed in one pass, and every pass you do you'll probably discover a new location and new quest, some new thing to discover and explore, some new relationship to form or happening in a city. You very much feel a part of the world, involving yourself in the politics and lives of many other players, from insects to gods to princes and emperors, to cults and ghouls and miners. You can side differently in their struggles and affect the world around you in a real, permanent way. There is an obsessive, 'well just one more trip so I can see this thing' feeling that kept me playing long hours and through countless crashes and bugs.With all that said, there is another game that does all of this and more, a great deal better. Sunless Sea. Now if you've played Sunless Sea, you'll find endless similarities in this game. It's a bit more than a passing resemblance. All the interesting loops in the game, from going out to collect current affairs, to secrets and gossip as commodities, to narrative driven towns and cities and crew, to fuel and sanity meters and vehicle maintainance - they're all cribbed from sunless sea. The setting for both games is the same period of time, that victorian steampunk macabre. With very little tweaking, anything in House of Many Doors would fit quite comfortably in Sunless Sea. House of Many Doors has no real improvements on Sunless Sea, in fact they've somehow managed to make the combat (sunless sea's worst feature) even worse. It's cribbed off another better game, FTL, and swings wildly on chance and first hits.It all begs the question - why not just play the better, bug free, game?For me this game scratched an itch, but the experience was deeply marred by constant crashing and bugs. For most people looking for a narrative driven world exploration, there are better games out there for a similar price. If you've already played sunless sea and maybe a month or two has passed from this review, enough time to fix all the bugs, it could be worth checking this game out - just don't play the alternative ending, or your game is no longer playable."
,Recommended,437250,29775190,Posted: 7 February,all,ImMoRtaL-,"Great game, very addicting. Had a lot of bugs at first but the developer has been shipping updates multiple times a day since release and most bugs have been squashed. The game can feel a bit grindy/repetitive at times but there is so much to explore that you can really just enjoy wandering throughout the world and trying out different stories without worrying too much about individual quests. Story is great, characters are great, music is great. Pretty fun overall.EDIT: I played one of the endings that prevents me from playing the game again (deleted my saves and won't let me start a new game), so for anyone else that decides to play please be careful what storylines you go down and listen to any warnings you get (they mean it...)Can't say I wasn't warned..."
76561198032306797,Recommended,437250,29756178,Posted: 6 February,all,Menixm,"I don't write reviews often, but I was a massive fan of Sunless Sea and its expansion, Zubmariner, and felt like I had to give this game a shot. I feel bad for inevitably constantly comparing this game to Sunless Sea, because they're two very different worlds, but there aren't too many games like these released. To describe what this game is, though, a Sunless Sea comparison is adequate.Simply put, if you enjoy narrative-focused games, you'll enjoy A House of Many Doors a LOT. The writing is atmospheric, and the rather pretty background artwork for each of the locations adds to the general feel of things. Perhaps something that adds to this game's charm is much cleaner interface than Sunless Sea. Prompts are consistent in their reward/foreshadowing text, which makes things feel more fair. I personally feel as if skill/stat balancing is done better than Sunless Sea as well.Combat is decently in-depth as it is right now, and certainly more strategic than Sunless Sea's ""smash your boat into them and scintillack-fire-fire-fire while riding their♥♥♥♥♥"" Unfortunatley, I have to say that travelling process is a little bit less engaging than Sunless Sea, as the world is divided up into a massive number of grid-like rooms. The start-stop-start camera pan as you skitter across each room can get a bit iffy, as elements of the GUI sometimes obscure the top parts of the room. The actual moment of REACHING your destination, however, is something I found much more satisfying in A House of Many Doors. It honestly had a Dark Souls kind of feel upon reaching a new location, which I love.In addition, the crew member quests in this game surpass Sunless Sea's. They help you get to know your crew characters, and I'll find myself choosing to keep crew members with lesser stats simply because their stories are compelling, and I don't want to let them go. That's a great impact for a story-based game to have! While there are crew management elements that could be improved on (talking to crew while docked, for instance, unless I just haven't figured out how to do that), any objections are minimal compared to how good the story is.Relevant criticisms: This game does seem to have shipped with a few bugs, but those seem to be being rapidly patched. If you want a great soundtrack like Sunless Sea, you're not going to get something THAT good. I personally place a very low emphasis on sound or music in a game, especially a narrative based one like this, but if you're an audiophile or something you probably won't be a fan.I bought this game and have played it for 10 consecutive hours. I see myself putting in at least another 40. The sheer number of discoverable locations is surprising - I'm not sure exactly how it compares to Sunless Sea islands, but it feels like there are more. I have certainly not discovered everything yet, which is really impressive as I'm getting the impression this game was made by a very small (maybe 1 man?) studio. This game is definitely worth the $12.99 price tag. If it's ever on sale, pick it up without a second thought."
,Recommended,437250,29697979,Posted: 4 February,all,Askebaske,"The positives:1. An absolute ton of areas. I was blown away at how many different cities/locations there were, and they just kept coming. Exploring is rewarded, and you are often given valuable items from exploration in and between areas, making pacing far better than in Sunless Sea. You can log in for half an hour and still achieve some clear goals.2. The NPCs are well written and have a number of quirks and quests connected to them, and their own stories. There also seem to be a great number of them.3. A lenient hold system feels slightly but not damagingly restrictive.4. The story is interesting, and even having 'completed' the game, there are things I feel like going back to explore/figure out. Definitely very content rich.I edited out the negatives, because the core of this type of game isn't really the ""game"", which is just a framing device to sell and limit access to the story. If you can look past the gameplay being less exciting that the writing, and want to explore the rich world and characters, it is a recommended buy."
,Recommended,437250,34228039,Posted: 13 August,all,Icyblade45,"I highly recommend this game. At the start its slow, hard and your poor. But eventually you get more in to it, you develop trade routes and the pro vs sunless sea, you move muuch faster. Amazing and interesting backstory, lore, world building. Lots of great ideas, imagination, thourougly invested in this world. 10/10 would find the Heart again."
,Recommended,437250,34118473,Posted: 8 August,all,Sasaki Santa,"This has quickly shot to the top of my favorite games of all time list, and about 6 months after release it's still there. That said, gonna do my best to be relatively objective about its good and bad points:aHoMD has an amazing setting and top-notch worldbuilding, and digging through the narrative and trying to understand what has happened and will happen is as big a part of the exploration in this game as the physical exploration aspect itself. The House is a bizarre, fascinating place, so if you're a fan of surreal fantasy, magical realism, and slipstream works that toss you a totally alien place and tell you to infer everything from scratch, you'll absolutely love this. Additionally, the game tweaks quite a lot of itself based on your actions and choices, and much of what you do has consequences, from the innocuous to the absolutely devastating. I feel like each one of the characters I play is really a different character because of that.The biggest thing that puts aHoMD above its cousin Sunless Sea (whose creators gave this game their blessing and support...) for me is the focus on its characters. Sunless Sea is more a game about your captain's journey and the isolation that comes along with being out on a dark, fearsome and alien ocean in a lil' boat, and the characters have stories and personalities but they're also far from the game's focus. In comparison, aHoMD's characters are likeable, bizarre, fascinating, funny, and sometimes detestable. Despite the dark backdrop they're set against, aHoMD's cast is colorful and memorable, and they're a big part of the reason I wish the game had a larger fanbase, so I could talk about and doodle and write fic about all of them.Some of the crew are romanceable, and that brings me into the fact that this is a game that does representation well and doesn't feel like it's pandering to me (a queer person...) Your captain has a portrait and name but no set portrait and pronouns, and all the romanceable characters, as a result, are all functionally bi/pan+. There are a handful of other explicitely LGBT+ characters who aren't romanceable as well, in and out of your crew, and there's even an polyamorous character, which blew my mind, because how many times do you see that addressed in a way that doesn't feel like it's judging someone, or just having it be ignored altogether!? Blew my mind, man.The gameplay itself isn't bad, but it's not what you're gonna want to buy the game for. The exploration of the House can be tedious once you get hours into it and know where everything is, but in the beginning it can be frightening and wonderous and fascinating, and even now I still find myself surprised by some events that pop up. The combat is unfortunately pretty poorly explained, but once you get the hang of it there's some decent strategy to it (like FTL but turn based kind of...), but it feels like it's missing a lot that could have made it on par with the aforementioned FTL. That said, one of the ""final boss"" fights is Mother 3 levels of RPG battle mechanics-as-metaphor and it's absolutely masterful. As with many narrative-heavy games, these mechanics are more of a means to wrap the narrative in theme and feeling and aesthetic. If you play games primarily for their mechanics, I'm not sure this is your kind of game.Music and art are wonderful, by the way. The background music in particular is wonderful at blending ambient noise into the bgm, as well as evoking emotion once you get near the end of the game and have really come to understand what it all means. The painterly style of the art and somewhat monochromatic background art is rather unique, and the way the game itself uses lighting is nice.In terms of differences from Sunless Sea, it's a much easier game, no permadeath, and while navigating the House can feel more tedious than sailing around the Neath, there's a fast travel option that cuts substantial time off of travelling to certain areas, and it's a lifesaver.One final big issue with the game - it's somewhat buggy and unpolished. It used to be a lot worse, I've heard, but there's times where the graphics will be whacked out, or some option that should be there for me isn't (or visa versa.) It's less frustrating because the game autosaves, thank god, but if this is something that's a dealbreaker for you, probably don't invest in this. Otherwise, if this kind of game is your thing, please dear god buy it this game needs to be enjoyed by more people"
76561198006301875,Not Recommended,437250,31619537,Posted: 7 May,all,The Watcher in The Dark,"It's funny that when I was playing Sunless Sea I thoguht to myself ""I would like to make a game like this,"" and apparently this author was thinking just the same thing.  Unfortunately, this game makes me think I was right not to.The art: The city art is nice, with just a but of an impresisonistic style.  But there isn't much of it, just the city itself.The graphics: On the other hand, are quite poor. And I don't just mean because it is an indie.  The millions of areas you have to slog through between the towns are procedurally generated.  And as is all too common in procedurally generated levels, are VERRRRRRY repetative.  I mean, the 500th time you come across some abandoned extra-dimensional gas station sitting next to an Easter Island statue, they really lose their appeal.  And that moment is 15 minutes into the game.The audio: Actually takes away from the boring graphics, by which I mean it makes them worse.  Your train already looks like a little wind up toy moving across a dirty living room, so why did they have it the same sound effect as one?!  Especially if it is supposed to be this giant steam engine.  Its annoying whine as it piddles along gets old fast.The mechanics? Well, good luck finding them out.  The tutorial blows by with no way to access that info later.  Hope you wrote it all down, or God help you if you want to know what any of your oddly named stats do the rest of the game, or what any of your people do in combat.  For that matter, good luck trying to determine how much inventory you have of an item you are selling to a merchant.The writing: Well, it's pretty good.  An extremely original and cool concept, with fun variety from place to place.Sadly I could not recommend this game, but if this writer teams up with the right game design crew in the future they might accomplsh something great."
,Recommended,437250,29771740,Posted: 7 February,all,God Snek,"There are far better reviews then mine so I'll keep it simple:Do you like Sunless Sea? If yes, buy it. Immediantly.Do you like sunless sea but hate how slow it is? Buy it immediantly. Its faster and you can get money easier.Do you like lovecraftian horror? Buy it.Are you ok with some minor bugs that are as I type this getting ironed out? Buy it. (The dev is one guy but hes already pushed out numerous patches to fix the bugs).Do you want to have a shark as a companion you can romance? Buy it.That should cover any questions. And yes I HIGHLY recommend it."
,Recommended,437250,29734675,Posted: 5 February,all,avery chlorr,"While initially buggy, the bug fixes have been more than timely: six in two days, all from the single developer that made this! (This includes bugs that other reviews have mentioned - the big game-breaking issues have all been taken care of.)The writing is compelling, the world is interesting, and the tone and layout distinguishes itself sufficiently from work produced by Failbetter Games while still evoking the mechanics and progression of Sunless Sea without the grinding.If you like Sunless Sea and wish there was a game in its vein that feels inspired by House of Leaves, then you will enjoy this, especially since it ALSO lets you seduce a sentient oil rig. What's not to love?"
76561198046025780,Recommended,437250,29775547,Posted: 7 February,all,Vanguardan,"If you liked Sunless Sea, then you'll definitely like this. I haven't played it much, but the writing is just about on par with Failbetter (so far). The combat was a little confusing at first, but not bad.I'm looking forward to the future improvements, House of Many Doors has really high potential!"
76561198021179496,Recommended,437250,29777163,Posted: 8 February,all,erichermit,"I played this game due to a ravenous hunger to have more of something like Sunless Sea, after squeezing just about everything i could out of that game.It is certainly satisfying in that regard, and a good game on its own two feet. Its certainly more forgiving, and in a good way. If you liked Sunless Sea, OR, if youre looking for a good entry point into this explorative/roleplay/setting based narrative genre of game i definitely recommend this. The text is well written and the setting is compelling. The game is light on the punishment (but not Too Light!)"
,Not Recommended,437250,29681386,Posted: 3 February,all,Seawater,"Feels like it belongs in early access.   I think it has some promise, but it just wasnt a pleasant playing experience right now.Hope Dev puts some more effort into playability and making it work better, so I can change my recommendation."
76561197986994936,Not Recommended,437250,29702854,Posted: 4 February,all,Agent Neigh,"Very... VERY Buggy.I've had menu locks, game play bugs, teleporting carts, crew walking off my ship and more.This feels alpha.I will update my review when I can play the game."
76561198019717820,Recommended,437250,29832780,Posted: 10 February,all,Laiders72,"What to say about A House of Many Doors? Well let's start by describing some of the experiences of my alter-ego Elizabeth.Elizabeth grew up pretty much within the Pauper's College of the City of Keys. She doesn't particularly recall her parents and none of the professors, porters, students and other assorted irresponsible adults of her youth seemed to know anything about them. She ended up both the ward and student of the College gradually growing up and progressing in her studies. One day in her late teens or maybe early twenties she had seemlessly made the transition from student to professor, seemingly without anyone noticing or actually offering her tenure. Her knowledge of and fascination with the occult made her one of the College's foremost experts on the subject, though her interests ranged much wider than that. For a few years she was happy and glad but eventually she began to unearth half-forgotten myths that hinted at something more. Not merely another locked door within the House but a door out of the House altogether. She tried so very hard to put these incessant whispers to bed but what is seen cannot be unseen; well unless the Governor's Men and their damned memory boxes come. She did consider that option... But no she would simply find the rumors again and be infected with them again. Her only choice to put them to bed was to set out to discover once and for all if they were true or false. So she gathered together her guineas, all her savings for professors do not earn that much, and brought a ramshackled fifth-hand kinetopede complete with a ragtag crew of oddballs and screwups. Then she set off into the dark.Since then she has fought with memories thieves to regain her own mind and gained more than she bargined for. She delved into forgotten depths to converse with gods and oil-rigs alike. She has gazed into the minds of fallen god-things buried deep beneath the ground. She has gazed upon the magnificant Kelp Fortress where the shark-people do dwell and through both dilligent study and prudent assistance gained access to their hidden districts. She facillitated an escape from the dreaded Kennedy Yard but, to prove she wasn't a traitor to the City, then handed over a long-lost weapon of terrible destruction and swore to keep secret where she found it. She has destroyed a gestalt psychosomatic entity that inhabited the unconscience of an entire species and facilitated their exploitation whilst being central to their entire culture and is still haunted over whether she brought liberty at too high a price! She has lost so many days wandering the Screws and come close to joining so many of the cults found within there that her crew are seriously contemplating banning her from ever returning. She has written several highly acclaimed novels, sanitised versions of her own adventures, but it is her secret poetry that truly elates her soul! She has shared it with almost no-one bar a handful of the Poet-Knights during one of her drug-fueled sojurns within their keep. Not that she normally takes substances but, with the Poet-Knights, 'tis only polite to get stoned out of your mind. You'll understand if you choose to met them.Here are the barest bones of a mere handful of Elizabeth's adventures through both the light and the dark of the House. If you don't want to start adventuring there yourself yet then this game probably isn't for you because, more than almost any other game I've played (including Sunless Sea), A House of Many Doors is a game about story and stories. There is an overall narrative arch within the game, which is itself interesting, but more importantly there is such a bewildering array of stories to explore beyond that narrative arch. Hundreds of thousands of words of them (the game contains over 350,000 words). Your character advancement is to a large extent driven by writing poetry about your adventures (no actual poetic ability required; the game has a procedural poetry generator). Secrets and experiences are key currencies in the game (moreso probably than guineas, the actual monetary currency). So yeah it's incredible go buy it now.That all said, you should be aware that the game is a one man job so bugs persist because it is impossible for one man to QA a game of this size with this many interacting events. They are being squashed at a truly prodigious rate though. Combat, contrary to all the analogies to FTL, is entirely turn-based with you taking 4 actions per turn to aim guns and move or otherwise command crew. The fact many people believe it to be similar to FTL (which was real time with pause) may explain why so many people find the combat hard! :p Though it certainly can be risky in the early game. Otherwise mechanically it is pretty similar to Sunless Sea."
,Recommended,437250,29759853,Posted: 7 February,all,Barselaar,"Told a joke to a sentient murder of crows, became more sane as a result. Then romanced the crows as I trundled around pocket dimensions on a train with legs, 10/10."
,Recommended,437250,29771981,Posted: 7 February,all,wolfie,"A fantastic, atmospheric experience that takes all the literary excellence of it's inspirations and condenses it into a world unlike any other.My relationship w/ an oil rig is incredibly rewarding thus far."
76561198166548664,Recommended,437250,30380429,Posted: 7 March,all,Curry in a Hurry,"So this is a quality exploration game. The writing is good, and the atmosphere is spot on. I honestly love it. However, that isn't to say it's not without its flaws. The game is buggy as all hell, some storylines having progression stopping bugs, like crashing no matter what you choose at that point. I'll go through some pros and cons.pros:-Fantastic writing-unique premise-nice turn based FTL inspired combat system-very similar to sunless sea (which I loved) but with better pacing at not nearly as unforgivingcons:-bugs. Jesus christ the bugs.Yeah that's pretty much it. I would have no complaints if it were not for the bugs.While the game may be buggy, you should take into consideration the facat that the studio is only one guy. He can't find every single bug himself, and that's where the players have come in. He's been remarkably communicative with the players and has even followed up with specific bug reports after patching it. I have to applaud him for his proactive approach to communicating with the community, and lots of large studios could really learn a thing or two from him.All in all, and for all its bugs, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. It's clever, its interesting, and you can seduce a 10 mile high tower of conjoined crows. What more could you ask for?"
76561198167276289,Recommended,437250,31770206,Posted: 15 May,all,Chocobo Warrior,"Whether you like this game or not will depend on the type of RPG you like to play. This game is a nonlinear, branching, text-heavy, and story rich RPG. It reminded me of a DnD or PathFinder run,  in how your stats increase your odds and battles are turn based. There are so many branching possibilities and places to go. In my first run, I completed what I predict is a third of the game. There are definitely a lot of secrets I couldn't possibly guess the answers to and crucial figures I have yet to encounter. The quests are organized as ""concerns"" that you can jump between at your convience/as you meet their requirements. This makes the game easy to leave and pick up again. My one complaint is with as vast as the map is I wish towns were further labelled by their region. (I wasted a few fetch-mirrors going to the wrong side of the world.)The artwork and music are both great! This game is definitely worth the price if you can enjoy a mostly text-based game."
76561197965158099,Recommended,437250,31207764,Posted: 17 April,all,Hekatonkheires,"I like this game, but I have to object to it on the terms that is is too similar to Sunless Sea (The development team for Sunless Sea assisted the team for A House Of Many Doors). The only people I could recommend this to are those that have played Sunless Sea and want more of the same before Sunless Skies comes out. Sunless Sea is more polished and HoMD has a quite frankly unintelligible combat system. It seems like it wants to be Faster Than Light, but no indication of the area of effect of enemy shells is given, nor an explanation of the abilities of crew members. Enemy ship shells fall without any indication of where they will land so there is no point in using action points to move crew members out of the field of fire instead of using those action points to DPS the opposing ship into wreckage.The map is unnecessarily huge. You can traverse thirty+ squares (or more, if you're unlucky) of nothing but random objects until hitting a location. The locations and events are the entire appeal of this game, it makes no sense to make you slog through map squares where nothing happens before you get to the good stuff. It's also very easy to evade random encounters.The randomly encountered objects also are far too limited and become routine. Oh, there's an abandoned house. Time to press-gang another crewmate."
,Recommended,437250,32659324,Posted: 22 June,all,DonkeyWorld,"This is what I wanted Sunless Sea to be. More choices, better characters, less downtime. The gameplay isn't amazing by any means, but it's incredibly immersive."
,Recommended,437250,29843235,Posted: 11 February,all,rekurencjusz,"It's the good parts of Sunless Sea (writing, interesting and creative setting and plenty of bigger and smaller references to both literature and other games) without the bad parts (grinding) + more game-breaking bugs, bigger focus on characters and a higher Calvino-to-Lovecraft ratio."
76561198116121984,Recommended,437250,29702781,Posted: 4 February,all,artistjm42,"I've been following the devolpment of ""A House of Many Doors"" for quite a long time now, and the finished product is as excellent as I had hoped it would be. It's an enormous amount of fun traveling across the house and visiting all the wierd cities, and it contains a vast amount of content. I've been able to play for 10+ hours without even touching the main storyline. The game takes a great deal of inspiration from Sunless Sea, but I feel that it actually does many of the game mechanics better. The Journeys are much more interesting with numerous small events to interact with and enemies to avoid. There are some glitches that cause the game to crash, but in my experience they are never detrimental as they only occur in cities, and the game autosaves whenever you visit one so you never lose very much progress. I fully recommend ""A House of Many Doors"" especially to fans of Sunless Sea, Lovecraft, and narrative gaming."
,Recommended,437250,29716680,Posted: 5 February,all,A Reasonable Man,"If you liked Sunless Sea, you will like this.The developer is getting all of the crashes and bugs under control and the world that he has created is as deep and mysterious is that of Fallen London. The mechanics follow on from what was established in Sunless Sea, but in many ways are improved: more interesting combat, map with markers to track where you actually need to go and a much better quest log are among a few of the new additions.Heartily recommend."
76561198165301842,Not Recommended,437250,33051982,Posted: 30 June,all,charlotte.416,"This game has a lot of great points: the art for the city-locations (or the locations that are a horrible mass of ravenous crows, etc) is gorgeous, and the writing is good enough to sucker me into making terrible choices because... well, look, sometimes you just can't resist the urge to shoot your navigator in the knee, okay? I loved the characters and storylines. I didn't love how glitchy and tedious the game can be. I don't want to spend ages crawling through dark passages to get to anything interesting, running away from NPCs because the less-than-stellar combat system relies more on luck than skill, and I *really* don't want to be doing all that while the game mysteriously glitches and runs slowly, making the whole experience even more of a slog. I'll look forward to whatever else the writer behind this comes out with, but for now, this just isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,437250,33041782,Posted: 30 June,all,a glass four halves empty,"Similar to Sunless Sea, but lacking immersion. The game world is a cool idea but I feel its poorly implemented as the rooms dont seem to have much variation other than various events which occur within them, which, from my experience, arent particularly interested. Seems like an overcomplicated, unimmersive demake of Sunless Sea."
,Recommended,437250,29760898,Posted: 7 February,all,suinicide,"As it is stable, I can put out this review without hesitation.This plays as a less unfair version of sunless sea, with completely different combat.  Its well written, and despite the simplicity, I like looking at the world as I scuttle by.  The music is good and present.  And the Dev is very responsive, pushing out 9 updates in 3 days to fix the major problems that popped up.  I bought this full price just to support someone like that because wow."
,Recommended,437250,29769355,Posted: 7 February,all,A Really Fluffy Dog,"TL;DR: This game is buggy. This is being fixed by the day as updates come up constantly, and eventually it will not be buggy. But the game itself--its concept, its execution, its style...makes it worth playing through the bugs.Give it a shot. If you like Failbetter Games, you'll like AHoMD."
76561197979235857,Recommended,437250,29762951,Posted: 7 February,all,Daetrin,"Really great lore, interesting story.  If you liked Sunless Sea this more of that type of thing, with some lessons learned as far as mechanics go.  Was buggy early on but most of those have been quashed and the developer is very responsive."
,Recommended,437250,29760496,Posted: 7 February,all,sevrl bats,"The first thing I did in A House of Many Doors was to click around hte UI, not sure what to do, and accidentally disable my heart-light. Apart from plummeting me straight into darkness, which was spooky enough, it became instantly obvious that this was Not The Right Choice when a...a THING started to emerge in what had been the glowing circle of the heart-light. It was obviously coming closer and it was truly awful to look upon, and I knew I had to get away.I did not. What it did when it got to me was much worse than violence.After a few false starts, I made it to a city of spires out in the northeast. In poking around its abandoned eminence, I met a nest-beast horror of fishy viscera hanging from a ceiling that agreed that it was too depressed to eat me because it couldn't get a date with the river, and sent me on a quest to to retrieve sumptuous oils and romantic vintages to woo her with. From other experiences so far, that seems to be House's jam: mismatched levels and slightly subverted expectations, harmless ghouls and merciless angels and mutants who're happy being herniated but do want a date.Also of note that House, unlike Sunless Sea whose engine it's based on, isn't permadeath--if there's an Iron Man mode I didn't spot it, and the game doesn't discourage you from using its save slots. That system waaas interesting for SS, but it's sort of a relief to have a weird dark deep adventure that hasn't been balanced around the idea I'm going to have to do it all over again if I'm exploded.For Sunless Sea fans or people who wanted to like SS but found it a little too repetitive over its repetitive deaths, House of Many Doors is definitely worth a snag, and a steal at the price. For those who didn't dig SS, House is an entirely new setting with refocused combat and a clearer interest in letting its players make progress, so anyone into interactive fiction or subterranean freakery ought to give it a shot, too."
76561198058214615,Recommended,437250,29771275,Posted: 7 February,all,ElfedesMondlichts,"An utterly excellent game that I can only reccomend!I've been playing it whenever I could, and every new thing I find out, I just want to play more, to get to the bottom of every single mystery (which is... going to take SOME TIME. There are A LOT of excellent and complicated mysteries.)Gameplay-wise, it is reminiscent of Sunless Sea, though more forgiving of mistakes, as you can always go back to your last save, if not autosave (I'm not sure it's only happened to me like once).Both music & art are likewise, utterly entrancing.You should definitely check this out if you have a chance!"
76561198250784110,Recommended,437250,29775392,Posted: 7 February,all,nathanmeunier,"Really enjoying this game! The writing is clever, surprising, and immediately engaging. I also love the art style and overall atmosphere of this creepy, fascinatingly grim world."
76561198002663468,Recommended,437250,30596270,Posted: 18 March,all,toastmodernist,This is a good game. The writing is very very good. Things that are not writing/story related are less good but they are still good.
76561197976804435,Recommended,437250,29736236,Posted: 5 February,all,Landoflaughs,"I would say this game stands on its own in the company of Sunless Sea, and with the flavor of its lore being delightful"
,Recommended,437250,31950532,Posted: 25 May,all,LordJezza77,"This game was a rollercoaster of emotions from start to finish, with a great story and so many branching paths to make yourself into the adventurer you want to be. The world feels like a real and interesting place that I just want to keep reading and finding new places/events is the hughlight of a trip through the houses many rooms.This game also embodies the kind of horror I love, no jumpscares, just the endless feeling of the darkness and the evils it brings slowly creeping towards you, right on your heels...."
76561198034304591,Recommended,437250,32972687,Posted: 28 June,all,nikcha1313,"Great story with wonderful atmosphere, music and interesting choices. There are tons of well written diologs, poems and just very imaginative descriptions. World of the game is big and it is up to you what are you doing there."
76561198034387750,Recommended,437250,29686905,Posted: 3 February,all,Findanniin,10 minutes in and 2 crashes - that said there is one dealbreaker I wish I'd known about before purchasing (and you might want to know too);There is no way to rebind controls. While that might not bother you if you're playing on a qwerty keyboard - playing on an azerty is going to make controlling your train-on-legs a very unpleasant experience.I'll edit the review (and actually play and review the game) if/when control issues are resolved.edit#1; The Dev has replied and promised to include rebindable controls in the next update after CtD errors (http://steamcommunity.com/app/437250/discussions/0/133256240730700632/)edit#2: Key rebinds promised on the 23rd in the 'next update' (http://steamcommunity.com/games/437250/announcements/detail/521693426580311884)edit#3: Rebindable keys delivered - review updated to a thumbs up to reflect that.Thanks!
76561198067749777,Recommended,437250,31247046,Posted: 19 April,all,Altoidmintz,"it's a big ol' fun. lots of free range to proceed with the story or side quests at your pace. Make it about exploration or fighting, largely up to u. stat checks with branching logic so stat composition matters for the story as well."
,Recommended,437250,30863967,Posted: 31 March,all,kevthemagnificent,"I like it. Came to this on the back of Sunless Sea, and to be fair at first I thought it was a bit derivative and lacking in its own voice. It really grew on me though, and now I've come to see it almost as a child of Sunless.That said, there is room for improvement- in particular the combat is pretty lacking, and seems almost like an afterthought. Also quite annoying to trade- I found myself buying more sections for my kinetopede just to try and manage all the junk I was hauling and didn't know what to do with.Still, it's got a lot of heart."
76561198045309066,Recommended,437250,31393452,Posted: 27 April,all,NeverNotSorry,"This is one of the best games of its kind, and one of the best I've ever played. Great character creation, great writing, brilliant world(s?)building, tied together by what I found to be very satisfying gameplay. Getting from place to place can be somewhat difficult at first, but as you progress traversing the house becomes second nature. You should buy this game. Seriously."
76561198016707912,Recommended,437250,35080529,Posted: 20 September,all,archenemy,"Okay so after playing for 10+ hours, I actually prefer this to SSea.1. More focused, more ""quest helping"" stuff, like the map noting if there is some quest you already accepted and marking that point2. More game elements like finding stuff in the wild, doing various city-related missions, tasks, some are quite huge and have multiple endings3. Game is better paced with upgrades, xp and money, you feel like you are progressing constantly, but not too fast4. I BUILT A DARK BLOODY MUSEUM THAT WALKED AWAY AND I LAUGHED LIKE A DEMON5. I found the stories of the crew great6. THE PRINCESS WAS GUILTY AFTER ALL7. overall feels like SSea 1.5, it is like Ssea wih just a liiittle less quality on polish (train moves interestingly, 1-2 crashes), but more accessible content and gameplay wise I feel it is better"
,Recommended,437250,34771143,Posted: 6 September,all,amber,"at first as i did a little tour of about ten odd cities i wasn't sure i really loved it, but i'm a SS fan and it was nice to have something similar-yet-different.then i cut my own heart out of my chest to save my crew, and visited the city of angels, and saw a map of how many locations there really are to find, sold a robot a box of my sexy memories, and lost enough sanity that the game started flickering and all the crew text changed, and. well. somewhere in all that i realized what a treasure this is.it took me a little to get into it, primarily because even selecting ""tutorial mode"" the conveyance of initial info is AWFUL, the open world sandbox nature meant i didn't even visit the city of keys for a good few hours of play, and even after a few goes in combat i still find that overly complex and unsatisfying. but there seems like there is just so much to explore, andthe writing is pretty unparalleled and i so far love all the quests and storylines. being able to flee enemies into a different map is a godsend and all the little abstract items, stories and memories and feelings and the way they interact with each other and the world, are just, so good.i forsee this game eating a loooot of my time in future."
,Recommended,437250,29727500,Posted: 5 February,all,fqmhucjk,"Deep, weird, engaging story with interesting characters and a fun combat system. It's easier than Sunless Sea because you can save whenever you want without the game judging you and much easier to avoid combat if that's your preference.It is still a little rough but there have been 4 updates already so I would bet that will be a nonissue by next week. If you enjoy Sunless Sea then by all means pick up this game."
76561198091972892,Recommended,437250,29955931,Posted: 15 February,all,Dodger,"This is one of the best games I've played. The atmosphere is at once horrifying and humorous, the characters are delightful, and there are corgi-sized rhinoceri! So far I've only played for about 5 hours, but I'm looking forward to many,manymore. I highly recommend buying it."
76561198007070190,Recommended,437250,29763865,Posted: 7 February,all,The Halcyon Age,"Had some bugs at launch but developer has been working hard and constantly coming out with fixes, pretty stable now I think."
,Recommended,437250,29697379,Posted: 4 February,all,jacobtm3,"The world is well written and expansive, the story is engaging, and there's just so much out there to do! Would definitely recommend. A couple of bugs remain, but I imagine they'll be dealt with soon. If you like Sunless Sea or interactive fiction in general, and feel like something in that vein but a different twist, try this."
76561198033798786,Recommended,437250,31141922,Posted: 14 April,all,M.C. Nol-Sauce,"A magnificent experience, period. Complaints of emptiness or boredom are all but unfounded, and the bugs are all but gone. It's a fabulous world packed with crannies to scuttle through and you'd be rather a silly ♥♥♥♥ing goose to pass it over."
,Recommended,437250,29681781,Posted: 3 February,all,Goldbergus,"Charming, flattering and crashing...A House of Many Doors feels GREAT!Great Storys, great Music, great Art, great WritingBut Crashes and an incline to show blank pages instead of storys makes the gameplay rather hard to enjoy.I put my faith in the Developer to fix these bugs as soon as possible.In the meantime i can still recommend this game to everyone who can put up with crashing 1-2 in an hour.If you are unsure about the game and want to look at some gameplay i will upload it shortly to my Youtube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeEGwoDx4uB5csaLCLyySxg/videos"
76561198002605244,Recommended,437250,29700349,Posted: 4 February,all,JPL1138,"Great story and setting, and very responsive dev.  That's right folks, this is the work of a single developer!"
76561198005879531,Recommended,437250,34961395,Posted: 14 September,all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"If you don't like this game, you could quite possibly be a jerk."
76561198044523281,Recommended,437250,29683399,Posted: 3 February,all,DeadlyFood,"I like this game, I like it a lot. It's got great writing, a fantastic art style, and interesting gameplay. That being said, the state it's in now is a bit annoying at points. There do really need to be a few bug fixes, for instance the map feels like it's lagging when the rest of the game runs really smooth. All in all, I recommend it but I wouldn't blame you if you waited until it's been polished more."
76561198042739139,Recommended,437250,29677483,Posted: 3 February,all,Psychro-Hominoidea,"This game is what you would get of Sunless Sea had a baby with classic tile based games, and it is wonderful.The world is full of interesting locations and charaters, and lovely lovely words."
76561198067494330,Not Recommended,437250,31758508,Posted: 14 May,all,nagopaleen,"I recommend this for Windows players, because the writing and art is top notch. Unfortunately, it is unplayable on my Macbook Pro due to frequent crash bugs. The single developer put an insane amount of work into this game, but seems to have burned out and gone AWOL before fixing the Mac problems. I looked forward to this for a long time, and I hope I can return at some point to update this review."
,Recommended,437250,29708461,Posted: 4 February,all,Dad Patrol,"A House Has Many Doors, Ed-Boy!"
76561198037006295,Recommended,437250,30560240,Posted: 16 March,all,Magnanimous,"Well, I can't survive more than one battle, repairs are expensive, and money is hard to come by...So, I decided to dig into the games data files to give myself an edge.I jacked up my stats, made myself rich, and gave myself a ton of fuel.None of these things helped me survive more than one battle.....but, while I was digging around in there I found a hidden message from the dev.10/10 would data mine again"
76561198075572660,Not Recommended,437250,34098012,Posted: 8 August,all,Domovric,"I like this in concept, but six months down the line and the game is buggy as an alpha release (though still better when it was first released), crashing randomly, quests looping and terrain glitching in travel. The writing is okay, but the game coding and gameplay feel badly incomplete. Go grab Sunless Sea on sale if you want this style of game, but i cannot recommend this game in this state."
,Recommended,437250,30108065,Posted: 22 February,all,FUnFUn,"Honestly has the best writing, storytelling and characters of any game I played in the past 5 years (at least).My only complaint is that the map is too big and there's a lot of empty space, but it still is way less grindy than sunless sea."
76561198034119491,Recommended,437250,30042559,Posted: 19 February,all,yakushev,"This is a truly unique masterpiece. It bears a lot of resemblence to the Sunless Sea, so if you liked that game - you will be right at home here."
,Recommended,437250,29937704,Posted: 15 February,all,sherpajack,"I have not played this game much yet so I can't really speak to overarching plot or pacing, but I can speak to tone and character, both of which House of Many Doors has in abundance. HOMD is as excellent and lovingly crafted as the delightful Sunless Sea (is that the wrong word, given the genre? should I say delightfully dreadful instead?), from which HOMD draws a lot of inspiration. I very highly recommended it if you enjoy rich, narrative games with strong mechanics that help drive the pace without masking the story."
76561198022241634,Recommended,437250,29677926,Posted: 3 February,all,Gozzle,"If you're excited about Sunless Skies, treat yourself to this.Really, it's very good and it has me...smiling..."
76561198101351275,Recommended,437250,33008656,Posted: 29 June,all,AnointedCrow,"Appeased a crow god, debated mushroom people, slept with a undead woman after getting drunk inside of a bar in a giant tree. Loved it."
76561198340838784,Recommended,437250,32230321,Posted: 6 June,all,cutesy hunter,"When playing the game I have to avoid fighting, does anyone know why?I feel like i'm missing the game and i even can't continue in the game when in story mode it just crasheswould recommend but these problems need to be fixed"
76561198013251616,Not Recommended,437250,33749329,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,bought this game after it was recommended for those that like Sunless Sea. but i only played it for a few hours and just wasnt very impressed.
76561198018476373,Not Recommended,437250,32762635,Posted: 25 June,all,riv3rbird,"This is Sunless Sea fanfiction. You might enjoy it, if you liked Sunless Sea and you like fan fiction. I liked Sunless Sea but I don't like fanfiction. So for me it is a no but you might like it."
,Recommended,437250,32656113,Posted: 22 June,all,SirBlazington,cool trippy game
76561198023467697,Not Recommended,437250,32702146,Posted: 23 June,all,Nightmyre,"Played for a fairly short amount of time, so take what I have to say with a grain of salt, but this game, from the 20 minutes I played, is so similar to Sunless Sea that it's hard to avoid making direct comparisons. And, from the 20 minutes, every part of this game is just worse. And Sunless Sea, as much as I loved the story and roleplay, I ultimately decided wasn't a good game.Still, I was quite surprised at how many flaws lept out at me so quickly into the game. Resolution limited to 1920x1200 when I'm on a 4K monitor means everything is hard to see. You can scale up the text, but that's it, so all the other UI elements seem too small.No option to control mouse sensitivity also seems extremely strange.But the kicker for me? One of the main reasons I disliked Sunless Sea was that, ultimately, it was a choose-your-own-adventure game with vast amounts of monotonous travelling interspersed. Sure, early on the tension of not knowing if you'll reach the next refuelling point is intense, but I know from experience with Sunless Sea that it eventually wears off, and I expect the same would hold true here. The one thing which I was holding out hope for was the combat system in House. Sunless Sea's combat was just awful, while this one purports to take inspiration from FTL, which is one of the best games of all time.Sadly, it just doesn't seem well implemented. No apparent shortcuts to make movement / targeting faster, coupled with a semi-realtime combat, just sunk the ship for me."
76561198321025411,Not Recommended,437250,30288502,Posted: 2 March,all,7thgenss,This game is buggy as hell but I was willing to overlook those flaws when it was playable. I am no longer able to open this title on a brand new gaming rig.Get your **** together....
76561198031410179,Not Recommended,437250,33185763,Posted: 3 July,all,webryder,Does not work on my Win10 desktop.
76561198008711966,Not Recommended,437250,29809484,Posted: 9 February,all,djones,"I didn't get past the basic controls.  Can only seem to be able to move forwards and backwards.  No turning.  Basically, this game is Dead on Arrival for me."
76561197975011186,Not Recommended,437250,31048759,Posted: 9 April,all,Mira,"I'll never know if this is a good game or not, because it crashes ever five minutes."
,Recommended,437250,29672395,Posted: 3 February,all,SpellingSword,"Beware, this game is not really about doors"
76561198042976032,Recommended,437250,29755258,Posted: 6 February,all,INFINITE SPIDERS,"excellent writing, great balance between dark mysticism and witty humor, also i had a brief affair with my mushroom-person surgeon in a dream. it's everything i love about Sunless Sea, but more streamlined, less punishing, and with a lot more likable, memorable characters.the most important feature, imo, is that the officers you hire are all (as far as i've seen) fully fleshed-out, well-written characters who have names, backstories, unique character portraits and interesting personal quests. my biggest problem with Sunless Sea is that after a while, it was easy to forget who was who, what quests were associated with what characters and what plot threads, etc etc. that hasn't been a problem in this game so far - i've been consistantly engaged & intrigued.love it!!!"
76561198034312245,Recommended,437250,29935484,Posted: 14 February,all,collinhsmith,"The writing is amazing and offkilter.   The feel can actually make you feel like you're never quite sure if your character is insane, the world is or you are.   Slowly building sense of dread and tension that can spontaneously careen into slapstick if you choose to take it that direction.  So much of it is up to you!"
76561198037253886,Recommended,437250,29934541,Posted: 14 February,all,Veridian,"Every day, a tryst or two, getting hot, getting bloody, bloody serious. I'm now a full time journalist/traveler, hunting bounties and vampires on the side. Pamphlet under my door about becoming a missionary for the god of work. Ha! Work, not a virtue I want to glorify after visiting Phoe...Quinn? Can't remember city name, that's what happens when all the wares they push are paraphernalia. Every misstep was a dream, sometimes fueled by godsmoke, othertimes by toad thingies. Found a bottle of darkness, drank bottle of darkness...shouldn't have drank i- *a few days pass*Currently helping an old lady scientist seek vengeance; somehow I became a thief. Many adventures, so little time, liking this feeling. Fulfillment.?.Love. Has it really been nine hours already? Dare say, this may be even better than Sunless Sea. Yes, perhaps, very possibly so, maybe more of that Godsmoke will help me find the answer."
76561198003614307,Recommended,437250,29932446,Posted: 14 February,all,T74123C,"If you played Sunless Sea, you'll probably love this game.  If you didn't play Sunless Sea, you'll probably still love this game."
76561198046665186,Recommended,437250,29734486,Posted: 5 February,all,Fatal Pastry,"As promised, I have updated my review. The developer of this game has and is doing an admirable job fixing the bugs that have plauged it. At the time of writing I cannot say that they are all gone, but all my recent playsessions have ended of my own accord, not a crash, so that's a shining mark considering how the game used to run for me, though the map is still very laggy.So, now I can confidently and honestly say that this game is a good game. I am very much enjoying it, and look forward to completing it. All of its stories so far have been interesting if not engaging, and it is a solid game if you're interested in this genre.There is only one major bugbear I have left with this game, and that is that getting around can become fairly monotonous and boring. In trying to keep this brief, I will say that rooms start to look very similar, and their base tileset and appearance doesn't change often enough to stay varied. The encounters are also very few in these rooms and you will see all of them in every area fairly quickly. I suspect that the high rate of enemy spawns is to compensate for this, but in order to balance the difficulty of combat your starting vessel can outrun every enemy, meaning that even the enemy encounters begin to feed into the monotony. I would personally prefer less avoidable but fewer enemy encounters, rather than every room be the same routine of running circles around whatever enemy happens to be crawling through it.The monotony lifts immediately upon arriving in a location, however, which are so far, vaired, memorable, and interesting, with lovely art. It's just the stretches between them which begin to become grating.In terms of grind, at least compared to SS, there seems to be little (at least as far in the game as I am).The mark that Failbetter has left on this game is unmistakable, but to dismiss this as a clone would be unwise. There is great difference in these worlds, just not on the surface. It would also be needlessly flippant to dismiss this game as ""tiding you over until Sunless Skies"" as I've seen some people do. It is another solid entry in a niche but wonderful genre, and the more it gets fixed, the more earnestly I recommend it."
76561198018233959,Recommended,437250,33642948,Posted: 18 July,all,Razeq8,"House of Many Doors is essentially a text adventure with elements inspired by the Indie game FTL. You play as the captain of a kinetopede, a cross between a train and a centipede you use to explore The House, a ""parasite dimension"" which is comprised of things and places absorbed from other worlds, creating a landscape of bizarre and varied ruling powers and arbitrary laws of the universe.You begin the game in the middle of nowhere, your head bleeding from an attack by memory pirates who've drilled into your skull, capturing one of your memories to sell as a commodity. Naturally you prefer your thoughts remain your own so you set off with your intrepid crew to try and retrieve it and then continue on with your goal to attempt to escape The House.Gameplay generally falls into one of 3 categories: exploration, combat, and most importantly, dialogue. Your success and failure in most activity is determined by your stats which are modified by your crew members who have their own stories and histories but can be swapped out with others as you see fit.Exploration may the game's weakest aspect. You scuttle along in your kinetopede map tile by map-tiles ala-Zelda 1, each screen being procedurally generated with a few assets, and occasionally another vessel to encounter or some curio to explore. The art is very rudimentary, and the procedural generation results in the same assets being pasted in a row at times making the environments look quite tacky. Encounters are easily avoided due to your speed which can be upgraded as the game progresses and there's nothing much worth seeing in these tiles, so you generally just spend your time trying to get to the next point of interest as quickly as possible. Combat doesn't improve on visuals either, the game is pretty ugly outside of the hand drawn art shown at places of interest.Combat is similar to FTL's crew-and-rooms progression, being able to destroy parts and kill crew with varying effects on what you target. There's an action point system limiting your options within your turn, forcing you to make choice between approaching to board the enemy and engage in hand to hand combat or bombarding them from afar; all the while needing to keep crew alive and your systems running.Combat is by the large, optional. I encountered one optional quest which required combat, the main storyline I played required none. When I did fight however I didn't see much reason to do anything else but fire away. Your ships crew is rather crowded together in the kinetopede and since moving each one takes an action point the best course of action is to simply blow the other vessel up before they kill your members or blow you up. Boarding vessels was only beneficial if your guards outnumbered theirs and you could kill their gunners quickly. Luckily mildly clever maneuvering can avoid combat altogether so you can get to your destination safely.The game's true focus is its imaginative writing. When the dialogue windows open you're treated to some of the most interesting writing I've seen in video games in a long time. Each location you find is a new and strange land, inspiring wonder and curiosity. Some are bustling hubs of bizarre denizens with strange ways of life, and others are deserted mysteries of unknown purport.As you take on quests and advance plots, checks are made against your various stats in order to determine success or failure. Attempting to pick a lock might test your guile while a attempting to make a rousing speech will call your spirit into question. The situations vary greatly, throwing you into fascinating scenarios. Quests are not only found in cities, but by your crew members themselves. I helped my ships surgeon work for a cure to a plague by developing a means to communicate with the sickness as a sentient being. Meanwhile I worked with royalty from multiple nations to prevent a civil war over the abolition of slavery.As you progress the game has an interesting system of using thoughts, experiences, and tales as currency, some being sold outright for money, others being used as options in dialogue with NPC's. As you progress you gain Apprehensions which are used to increase your stats or advance the main plotline. You can work as a freelance writer, selling reports of other cities to the papers or write your own poetry (which procedurally generates actual stanzas) for more apprehensions to spend on stats.HOMD's variety-show of writing was enough to keep me guessing and wanting more. Each advancement of a plot made seek its conclusion; skittering across the foreboding darkness of The House to collect supplies for rituals while I learned more about my crew creates a deep narrative experience that's easy to get addicted to. The game has 2 mutually exclusive plot paths to pursue and I hardly explored everything and it took me 15-20 hours to complete. Different backgrounds on character creation and outcomes from quests, as well as being able to find different crew members gives some potential for replayability.Lovers of myriad universes such as Planescape: Torment will find lots to appreciate in HOMD, but those looking for more ""game"" in their game will find it lacking. That being said I played non stop until I beat it. Good writing in video games is hard to find these days and I ate it up as much as I could. The real conclusion is that HOMD is a better choose-your-own-adventure book than it is a video game. I'd love to see the gameplay cleaned up and fleshed out for a more wholesome experience. At somewhere between $5-15 it's time in is well worth the cash if you like what the game has to offer. 'Til then, play HOMD for the story, and FTL for the combat."
,Recommended,437250,34566248,Posted: 28 August,all,Vulnavia Phibes,"A beautiful game, tailored for a very specific audience.What I enjoyed:1. Elegant, literary prose that brings the world to life, and delivers strong emotional beats that drive a compelling plot.2. Complex and emotionally resonant characters whose stories I became invested in, and whose personalities are developed through small interactions and flavor text as well as conversation and personal stories.3. A deeply built out and magnificently creative world, and a huge selection of choices and ways to engage with it: seduce gods, argue with poets, topple civilizations, marry into aristocracy, own a dog that's also a fish, etc...4. Gorgeous watercolor-style art for every cityscape.5. An initially simple but pleasantly deep combat system, with lots of weapons and tactics to combine, and a couple different enemy AI settings to try outWhat I did not enjoy:1. The tutorial is poorly integrated into the game and fails to mention vital information. Even if you don't know how to play, it might be best to skip it and look up a guide on Steam instead.2. There are a selection of small mechanical glitches, bugs, and loose ends. Nothing game-breaking or obnoxious, but it is somewhat vexing.3. The game's small budget means that the procedurally generated no-man's-land between cities is lacking in unique art assets, musical tracks, and random encounters. There's enough to maintain variety for a while, but by the time you're halfway through the game you'll have seen just about every combination.4. The system for assigning fast-travel waypoints seems... strange. Some areas have a waypoint in every city, but whole sections of the map don't have any waypoints at all. This would be as much of a problem if it were not for the aforementioned lack of procedural generation assets."
76561198046339401,Recommended,437250,34595701,Posted: 29 August,all,maxcarrizales919,"Great, moody game brimming with character"
76561198001811294,Recommended,437250,34808658,Posted: 7 September,all,Murmur,"This game seemed very promising, especially given that I loved Sunless Sea and that company helped in part to create this game. I played a total of 48 minutes of it and crashed four different times. What I did play seemed great, and if the problems are fixed then I will definitely return to the game. From the reviews I read, it sounds like the crashing experiences are hit or miss with people. If you can play this without it crashing, it's absolutely worth it."
