user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197981558705,Recommended,438130,22681110,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,☭Eden Code☭,"Fans of Ever17 rejoice! Another 50+ hour visual novel by the same guy with the same style is finally here on Steam first to boot! Before we get started here's the obligatory THE ORIGINAL GAME HAD NO 18+ SCENES IN IT SO THERE'S NOTHING CENSORED IN THIS VERSION that horny steam goers need to be reminded of.There's two protagonists in this game with the main being a rescue worker with amnesia. Basically, there's been a disaster and the choices you make throughout the story helps unravel what happened in some quasi-time travel mechanics.Given the hype it's recieved due to it's relation to Ever17, it's inevitable that there will be numerous comparisons. So here's my take on it:1) Ever17 gave you much more of an emotional impact once everything's revealed.2) The twists in this game aren't as elaborate/interesting as E173) Root has WAAAAAAAAY more palpable suspense in it, starting from Chapter 1 (It's thick enough to cut you : O)4)Ending was WAAAAAAY less rewarding and honestly kind of a let-down for a 50 hour experience.You can probably finish this game in 40-45 hours if you speed-read through it with 50+ hours for those completionists. As with Ever17, the art-style is top-notch. While the seiyuu and sound-design are nothing to write home about, they aren't mediocre either as with some of the other Steam nukige VN's *cough cough Sakura*.All in all, I highly recommend you read this in addition to Ever17 and I/O if you haven't played those yet."
,Recommended,438130,31453201,Posted: 29 April,all,Vidservent,"If I had to describe this VN in simple words it would be: Mind BlowingIt's been a while since I played a VN as interesting and intense as the Zero Escape series and Danganronpa although it does have some pacing issues regarding the overall story.This VN has 2 different prespectives in other words it has 2 MCs. The MC of Root A Watase and the MC of Root B Natsuhiko. The choices you make are based on a trust system using a diagram that the game has a tutorial for before any choices can be made.Here are my simple thoughts on each Root (route):Root A: Amazing and very action packed filled with suspense and doubt.Root B: 80% highscool slice of life, world building, and character development for characters we didn't even know well that I felt like quitting so many times but endured it all for what's to come and something finally happen in the 20% that is left of the route.Root C: Short recap of Root A from a different prespective that it answers some of the mysteries.Root D: Continuation of Root A where the truth is finally shown and things are connected.Xtend Episode: Bonus where we can find out more about the main characters and some unanswered questions in the main game.p.s. I dislike the Root B MC and really like the Root A MC. Watase FTW!"
,Recommended,438130,22723124,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,White Glint,"This is a game that could have been a lot better if it were a little tighter - the 'after' portion of the game is amazing and some of the best writing/suspense I've seen in a VN outside of 999/virtues last reward, but at a certain point in the later parts of the game it begins to overstay its welcome and wallow in its own story.Once the core mysteries are solved the game meanders for a significant time exploring characters in a way that feels superficial and forced when it could have just gone for the ending and provided a satisfying experience.The other issue is the sense system, which is functionally a regular choice system where the choices are obfuscated. I really wish the game had just given the option to select the choices from the get go. The sense system does tie into the story but they sacrifice wayyyy to much in playablity for what it adds on that front.The Xtend content (which full disclosure I've not finished) doesn't feel like it adds much to the story and is eminently skippable.The game is worth a purchase, and is good overall (especially the first quarter where the setup, suspense and writing quality was better than almost any other VN I'd read) but only grab it if you are willing to accept a deeply flawed VN whose heart is in the right place.For fans of Never, Ever and Remember this is MOSTLY better than those entries, the exception being that I think those games handle their twists and pacing better. I feel sad because if Takumi Nakazawa and Kotaro Uchikoshi had worked on this together instead of it just being Nakazawa I can't help but feel that with the setup it had this would have been a VN of almost unrivaled quality.EDIT: Just want to clarify and say that this game has so many negatives in my review because it fails to live up to its own potential, its still better than 70% of Visual Novels I've read."
76561198158733256,Recommended,438130,32185018,Posted: 4 June,all,isi_tb,"Another really nice visual novel that was translated from Japanese into English. Only text though, the voices are still Japanese.The story draws you in from the start, there is no time to breath and since the character you play is suffering from amnesia, there are lots of mysteries to solve to find out how the situation you find yourself in came to be.I also like how the story is split up into different parts and each time you finish a part more light is shed on the background of what is and what was happening.What I found most surprising - bacause I have never had that before in another visual novel - is that I liked all of the characters I met in the game without a single exception. This was such a lovable staff, very charming. And even though you are constantly under pressure in thie game there is still time for a few romance parts (don't expect a romance VN though).I can recommend this game warmly, it's currently my second place visual novel after Clannad! Enjoy!"
76561198163318652,Recommended,438130,30420523,Posted: 9 March,all,Masgalido,"Pros- Story Rich and Standard Story line. Recommend for who love anime visual novel game and mystery story.- Japanese full voice. (Male and Female character)- You can choose to play bad or good story. (Recommend to play bad route first)- Special Scene with highest relationship female character.- Good artwork , Standard game CG and have Extra game CG.- Good Soundtrack.Cons- Around 3-5 scene have very loud sound effect . I setting volume 50 but that sound loud around 100+.- Auto mode should be improve. It's go next text immediately after voice acting end.- For who want to see true ending at the last Episode. If you play just wrong one choice(?)You will read all of normal story around 4 chapters+ and got normal endingsthat's mean you need to replay or use [S.Skip] to skip that all scene again and again and need walkthroughto react true ending. So playing this episode carefully and good luck.Other- Don't expect game system (SSS) too much or it's some kind of mini game.- Can't turn on/off Male voice characters- Sell price around 50%My Final Verdict : 5.2/10I'm finish this game around 70%. There no some detail on this review.This review lack of english language and i'm terrible sorry about this."
,Recommended,438130,28133152,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Everlasting Atonement,"I'm recommending this game because I sat on the fence for a couple of months, not quite convinced by a ""Mostly Positive"" rating, and finally got the game on sale for $17. After basically sobbing last night at about 3 a.m. during the revelations near the end of the second route, I now wish I'd payed full price for this game, because it deserves every dollar. I'll make up for that mistake by encouraging all who are even mildly interested:Buy this game. You will not regret it.A unique mix (thematically) of Steins;Gate, Ever17, andDanganronpa..."
,Recommended,438130,30513914,Posted: 14 March,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Hanging onto your memory will you recover the truth?Two groups connected by fate seeking escape. On one side rescue worker with strong will to save lives or so he believes. On the other is a high-schooler with talent towards telepathy. All around sudden disaster, crushing your peaceful days on Rokumei. Your mind, your reality and past, everything is unstable, crumbling. That’s how it starts. There is no clear answer. Just a hope to survive another hour through fire, radiation and much more inside LABO.Best things in Root Double are bound by decision system. SSS is a complex thing, sort of trust mechanism (also in your past), even slightest choice can lead to long consequence, if person distrust you or the other way around. There is no indication though that hero will act as you want. There are no meaningless decisions, almost all can change mood and create threat. Discovering good end is difficult because of that. Story and characters are well crafted and dimensional, you will be surprised. Each section: After, Before and more, to reach final +40 hours is a minimum, many relationships and feelings along the way, from many point of views.Root Double is a bit repetitive at times with ost, revisiting past and occasional re-reading same events. Some cool action scenes are also unrealistic. DESPITE all that though you can't complain. Nothing seems to be underdeveloped. Besides It misses just a little to be incredible VN, somewhere in the flow of the story, when After route ends less decisions appears. Maybe it’s because the game is trying hard on explaining certain parts few times. Give it a chance and your mind will sink into mystery adventure. It is a bit like Steins Gate in setting.Kazami <3"
,Recommended,438130,31574503,Posted: 5 May,all,tuxdude,"Absolutely incredible in every sense of the word. Root Double is one of the best visual novels currently on steam at time of writing and it is WELL worth picking up.As you can see from my play time it's a pretty sizable read but in a good way. Root Double has an excellent story, great presentation and sounds (with pretty nice sound design as well) and some of the BEST characters I think I have ever seen in a visual novel. Root Double's strongest points are by far its characters. They're incredibly well developed, likable and memorable.The story itself is excellent too, I won't go into it much more than the steam description says but just know that there is far more to it than meets the eye.The pacing is pretty solid as well. While the game can slow down at points with its pacing it is nowhere near as bad as the pacing of other vn's such as ever17. While Ever17 is more of a stop, go, stop, go pacing affair Root Double, while slowing down at points never really comes to a screeching hault at all.If you're looking for a solid visual novel though with great pacing, great characters and an interesting plot then pick this one up. Don't listen to those people who say that Root B is trash and boring (the slower pacing of Root B manages to pay off big time later on believe me), just play this VN. It's well worth your money and time believe me."
,Recommended,438130,23889183,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,redsoul41,"EMOTION, TRUST AND SURVIVALReview - Root Double -Before Crime * After Days- Xtend Edition""With the radiation level rising, Anti-Radiation meds are needed for people to survive. Nine people are trapped inside LABO and there are only 6 meds left that can help them survive before the gates open. Who will you choose?""Root Double -Before Crime * After Days- Xtend Edition is a visual novel that blends action, sci-fi, suspense, drama and mystery magnificently. It's a visual novel that tries to stray away from the traditional choose an option system. The VN does not provide players with a set of choices that could possibly lead to a heroine. Instead, the game uses its own decision-making system called the Senses Sympathy System (SSS). The SSS is a grid where players get to adjust which characters that are relevant to the current situation do you actually trust. Depending on how the player has adjusted the grid, it can either lead to some surprisingly bad ends or better yet help you survive and move on to the next scene. The Senses Sympathy System (SSS) might take a little getting used to but once you get the hang of it, you'll get indulged deeper into the VN's story.Root Double -Before Crime * After Days- Xtend Edition can be played in two different perspectives namely: Watase Kasasagi and Natsuhiko Tenkawa as the game features two protagonists. The VN's story starts where a fire incident took place in a nuclear research facility, named LABO. A rescue squad is sent to help evacuate the people inside the facility. The squad is headed by Captain Watase Kasasagi.  But as things get worse, LABO's reactor started a nuclear meltdown leading to a total lockdown of the facility. With the rescue squad trapped inside LABO, they have no choice but to continue the rescue operation as there maybe some people left inside. As they go deeper in LABO, strange things have started to happen and all of a sudden Watase Kasasagi was knocked out unconscious for some unknown reason. As he woke up, Watase has lost his memories and the story of survival and trust begins.Root Double -Before Crime * After Days- Xtend Edition is a visual novel with a lot of content. It took me 50+ hours to finish all the root chapters and a total of around 60 hours to complete everything. The VN also features a lot of endings and epilogues for players to unlock. The VN's replayability is pretty high as there a lot of what-ifs. The development of each character is done very well as almost all characters have their own back stories and important roles in the story. As you grow to hate or love a certain character, there will always be a reason for such. The Xtend episodes adds a little more content for the story as it tries to tell more about each character's past experiences.Overall, Root Double -Before Crime * After Days- Xtend Edition is MUST have if you're a big VN fan. It's also a big change of scenery as most visual novels in Steam cover more on romance and fan-service. If you're looking for a visual novel that focuses more on sci-fi, drama, suspense and mystery, then this is a VN for you!"
76561198085941437,Recommended,438130,33386968,Posted: 8 July,all,sawanoguchi,"A Great Idea...Which Requires A GREAT Deal of PatienceSummaryRoot Double is NOT like most other visual novels. It is unusual and suspenseful. The game goes out of its way to be unusual...but that may or may not work for the average gamer. Still, the game has some amazing moments if you can have the patience to reach them.Pros+ A very interesting and suspenseful story+ Great voice acting (in Japanese), music, and sound effects+ A unique concept for a visual novel+ High production values make this visual novel have a quality that is not present in many visual novels on Steam+ Layers upon layers of plot exist in a VERY complicated and intricate system of twists and turnsCons- The Enneagram concept is interesting but it really doesn't work as a system of making choices in a visual novel. The maker of the game chose to force the concept into the game in many places where a more conventional method of choice making would have made FAR more sense to the gamer.- The game should have provided better hints as to the cause and consequences for choices. Sometimes, a choice should not result in a positive response from the people involved. (No response is okay sometimes, in other words.) Othertimes, the gamer must find the exact right way of making the given choice so that a positive effect occurs.- The +1 and -1 signs that appear next to the Enneagram disappear FAR too fast given the interesting and suspenseful storyline. I have reloaded saves many times because by the time I am through reading a couple of sentences relating to the choice that was made, the +1 and -1 signs have disappeared. What this means is that the gamer must reload game saves until both the + and - results and the text results from the choice are all written down in some kind of document the gamer must use to determine what the best course of action really is.- The translation is off in places. In one place, Yuuri says ""hai"", which means ""yes"". The game translates ""hai"" as ""no"", which ends up being confusing for people that don't have at least a very small vocabulary of the spoken Japanese language. Overall, the translation is good, but this novel could use a bit of polishing in the translation.Debatable? So many visual novels have many good endings. It would not have been hard for the game maker to put more than two good endings into the game. But the game maker decided to put a great deal of effort into long and detailed bad endings. This may or may not work for you as a gamer.? This game has a great many choices that the gamer must make. And the effects of those choices may not be felt for several hours of gameplay. The effects of most of the choices in the game are cumulative. This is why I said that the gamer should take detailed notes as the game progresses. The gamer is expected to keep track of the cumulative effect of the many choices in the game if the gamer wants to see the best ending of the game without the use of a guide (and a few do exist in the Steam forums).? The game will have flashbacks within flashbacks while a VERY little time is passing in the real plot of the visual novel. This gets VERY tedious. You WILL need a great deal of patience to get through the flashbacks. They start in the B section of the novel, and they will drag on and on in the D section of the novel. By the time you are reading the D section of the novel, however, you will understand why the flashbacks are an integral part of the story. At that time (hopefully) you won't mind the flashbacks so much. But until then...plan on waiting a while.My suggestions1) Buy the game on sale. While the visual novel has a high level of quality, the concept for the game's choice mechanism is a bit rough around the edges. The choice mechanism WILL make sense, but not until LONG after the gamer has had to make dozens of choices using that mechanism. Not all gamers have patience for that sort of thing.2) Play the game for a while without using a guide from the Steam forums. Try to get a feel for what the game maker wanted the gamer to experience. It's an interesting thought...but that thought could have been implemented MUCH better for a MUCH more satisfying effect. And that leads me to my next suggestion.3) Once you get one of the endings that tells you that character XYZ doesn't like the main character enough - OR - you start to get frustrated with the number of times you get the ""game over"" screen, start the game over and follow one of the Steam forum guides. There are different guides available for different play styles.ConclusionRoot Double is worth your time...particularly when you know what you are getting into ahead of time. Put the game on your wishlist until the game goes on sale.Tips1 - Do not expect that playing through the Root A part of the game is enough to get the good ending of the Root A part of the game. While Root A is meant to be played first, Root B completion is required to get the good ending of Root A. If Root B was not nearly as tedious with all the flashbacks, I would consider telling you to play it first. Perhaps that is why the developer of the game allows the user to pick which one to play first--it really is a choice for you to make.That said,Save the game in Root A where Ena is holding a gun and Ujita and Jun are questioning whether or not Ena should even be carrying the gun. This is where you will need to pick up Root A after completing Root B.2 - I have read that the xtend episode can be unlocked with the good end or the true (grand) end. I could only unlock xtend with the true end. And once I started playing xtend, I knew why. Therefore...Save the game once the Partner SSS choice comes up and DO NOT save over that game save. That is when Natsuhiko and Watase finally decide to join forces in the Root D part of the game."
,Not Recommended,438130,28966427,Posted: 2 January,all,Maou Sadao,"First and foremost, i'd like to say this:Do not be deceived by this Visual Novel.Root Double tells a story divided in four parts, through the viewpoints of two protagonists: Watase, the firefighter and Natsuhiko, a high school student capable of using ESP powers like telepathy and such.The game initially ropes you in with a very engaging and well written survival scenario, in which several characters trapped inside an underground laboratory try to survive after a nuclear meltdown occurs and the whole place is locked down to prevent the radiation from leaking outside. This part is actually very entertaining to read, as it feels like a fast paced survival thriller.Then everything starts falling apart as you get to the second scenario, Root Before. The game switches to a high school setting as you see the events that took place before the incident. Seeing what led to the events that happen in the first part sounds interesting on paper, but the game's pace slows to a crawl as it forces you to read through hours upon hours of slice-of-life with poorly developed characters that i frankly couldn't care less about. Even the single possibly redeeming factor of this scenario, a relatively well built-up plot twist that was supposed to have some emotional weight behind it, is completely wasted as the game promptly turns the entire twist meaningless mere moments after it happens.And sadly, it doesn't get better from here. The game's final scenario is just a long series of flashbacks one right after the other, with essentially nothing actually happening in-between. The story's main conflict has a very unsatisfying conclusion and the ending itself is rather overly idealistic and generally dissappointing.As such, I'd like to stress that you should not be deceived by this VN's strong start, because that's literally all it has going for it. Only dissappointment awaits after those initial 15 hours, and as you can see from my playtime, that's not even a third of the reading you'll be doing if you stick around until the end."
,Recommended,438130,32460730,Posted: 15 June,all,Badoet Soelap,"Are you ready for the truth, even if it's bitter11/10 will get banged in the brain again and again"
,Recommended,438130,28970744,Posted: 3 January,all,Limpnah,"At worst, Root Double is a fun story, with some cool twists interspersed between boring slice of life flashbacks and boring fake science lectures; at best, it’s an intricately crafted tale which follows a cast of endearing characters in a fleshed-out sci-fi world, about forging the truth from fragments of the past and the present in order to find justice. If gambling on one of those sounds like it’s worth it, and you have ~50 hours to kill, then you know what to do.StoryFirst of all, Root Double is a bit disjointed. The events of the game are centered on a catastrophic accident which traps the main cast in a deadly environment. Not all of the game takes place in this high tension environment where everyone’s lives are at risk: a good chunk of it takes place before the incident, and the player sees how the mundanity of everyday life is gradually overtaken by looming danger. Some of the other reviews criticise these past segments for being too slowly paced or boring, and that’s fair criticism not just of those segments but a lot of the early game as a whole. There were a few times I questioned whether it was even worth it to stick through to the end, when I had little investment in the characters early on. I’m glad I stuck through these tough spots, because it really picked up for me in the second half.Despite its pacing issues, I still think that the story, in all its detail, was masterfully written. In both parts the player is treated to several perspective-shifting revelations, alongside the characters, which challenge their biases. A given scene early in the game could be interpreted in several possible ways depending on how far you are in the story. Characters I didn’t really care about at all became some of my favorites after viewing them in a slightly different light. The way the many fragments of story from past and present blend together to reveal the truth is my favorite part of Root Double and is important to the themes of the story. It wasn’t as emotional an experience for me as my other favorite VNs, but Root Double still had its moments.If you like playing a more active role in reading the story and make note of every bit of foreshadowing to figure out what’s going on before it’s revealed in big flashing letters, you’ll probably have a good time here. In my playthrough, there were many realizations which I enjoyed making before the characters themselves. I was way out in left field with a couple of my theories. Despite paying close attention, I even ended up forgetting about a few plot points and was pleasantly surprised when they suddenly made sense. Only a few times was I bothered by the characters taking so long to figure something out. When the story got going, the flow of information kept me intrigued and kept me guessing.One thing that is definitely worth mentioning is the sci-fi element:telepathy, basically. This VN takes the route of explaining almost in too much detail the exact mechanism by which this phenomenon occurs, rather than just detailing the specifics of what the phenomenon does or what triggers it. If you aren’t one to care about the details and would rather say,“it’s not real anyways who cares,”then the explanations of how the sci-fi works could be boring and pointless, but I greatly appreciated the care and thought that went into this aspect and for once wasn’t bothered by having to ignore sloppiness or glaring flaws in the science. Overall I thought that the fake science in Root Double was very fleshed out and extremely well done, but I’m sure that for some players who have more in-depth knowledge of physics the required suspension of disbelief would be a bit higher.PresentationThe visuals are pretty good. If the anime aesthetic is a turnoff for whatever reason, this VN is pretty damn anime so you’d better avoid it. There are enough CGs for important scenes, but a few more would have been nice. Similarly, it seldom feels like characters should have had a separate sprite drawn for a specific scene. All of the CGs, sprites and backgrounds are detailed and together make for coherent visuals. The font is always easy to read. There were some cool visual effects at play as well, but that’s standard fare.In terms of sound design, the voice acting is expressive enough to let you hear the character’s state of mind, and each voice actor adapts their character’s personality well. The sound effects are good with the exception of theguns. There are a few stand-out tracks from the OST as well which are good for hyping up key moments in the story.All in all the visuals and sound work together to immerse you in the story. Oh yeah, and Double Bible is a killer opening, so there’s that too(but only if you’re a weeb).“Gameplay”Rather than the story branching from decisions made by the player, instead the protagonist at the time takes their own actions based on their feelings towards the other characters: the player has their influence on the world by “sharing their feelings” with the protagonist via the Senses Sympathy System (SSS). Initially the SSS feels like a pointless change from the norm, but it doesn’t really change anything since you’d probably be reloading to get the outcome you want anyways and the reason for the SSS does make sense eventually.In some cases, usually for important branches, the SSS was more difficult to use than traditional decisions, but everywhere else I thought the SSS added more than it ruined. Redoing decisions if the SSS doesn’t behave as you expected is fairly easy thanks to the automatic quicksave feature. If you really hate it, after clearing a route, the “answers mode” for that route is unlocked, allowing the player to do away with the SSS and just choose from the possible outcomes of that branch, for bad-end hunting and such. While a few of the bad ends foreshadow and justify events far in the future, other than that, collecting them is only to satisfy your curiosity or grab the all endings achievement. I personally haven’t gotten all of the bad ends since they’re a pain to replay for basically no payoff.ConclusionMany aspects of Root Double are hit-or-miss: the pacing, the story as a whole, the sci-fi, the aesthetic, the branching choice system. Just because I wasn’t bothered by any of those elements doesn’t mean you won’t be; but Root Double broke into my favorite VNs, and I recommend trying it out to see if it can do the same for you."
76561198157716004,Recommended,438130,24312878,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Shadth15,"One of few masterpieces in the genres of mystery, thriller, life-and-death drama. Absolutely amazing story with unexpected and unpredictable twists and turns; well written characters each with their own personalities, complicated pasts and circumstances; amazing soundtrack and outstanding brilliant voice acting; cool and unusual choice system only adds to all the pluses; being very very long reading experience is a huge plus as well. Personally I don't see any cons/minuses in this visual novel. Definitely recommend this visual novel to anyone and everyone who wants to read truly amazing mystery novel"
76561198096176209,Recommended,438130,32854910,Posted: 27 June,all,shelvin' pingas,"One of the best VNs on steam, if your a fan of the Infinity series this game has the same Director.the game has a lots of well timed plot twists and dramatic reveals. The ending is good and ties up loose ends but left me a little dissapointed after the ""mindskrews"" of his previous works.oh and play route After first."
,Recommended,438130,31384714,Posted: 26 April,all,Ikubi,"Foreword: You're gonna find people who'll debate this, but *play ROOT AFTER FIRST.* Root A stars a character who starts with amnesia, so it does well to have the character mirror the player in learning about the setting of the story. Plus it gets into the action immediately, compared to B which has a very gradual bulidup.Playtime:  ~27 hours is the amount of time it took for me to finish the game, while playing through any bad/alternative endings I happened to run into. (around 5 to 7 of them)Main review: Very well might be my favorite visual novel of all time. Huge length, fully voice acted, genuine ""gamefeel"" things implemented like screen shake, ambient sounds, falling ember particle effects, and heat haze that sell the setting of a blazing nuclear research facillity.Twists and story beats are handled elegantly, most notably with a very major reveal done 20 minutes in because the writers knew that if they used it as a plot twist later on it would feel like utterly unpredictable BS. Sorta like how if you're gonna have a ""it was all a dream"" twist, you damn well better not end your story with it.A great majority of other plot details and reveals are hinted at throughout, which both lends the game well to writing theories and speculation down, and to allowing you to think back and say ""oh, *THATS* why that occured back then!"" Every character feels unique and serves an important purpose, with their own motivations and justifiable reasonings for their actions. I ended up hand writing a full 2 sided paper of my current theories while I was playing through.Overall, Root Double tonally and conceptually most resembles other visual novels like 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors or other works directed by Kotaro Uchikoshi, so if you liked the Zero Escape series or generally near future Sci-fi suspense stories, then this game is most likely right up your alley."
,Recommended,438130,34577747,Posted: 29 August,all,Etzaen,"Picking favorites isn't easy, but this game has no doubt made it into my top 3 visual novels.What you have here is an onslaught of plot twists -- a 40+ hour adventure full of tension, crying, paranoia, science, and the odd bit of psychological horror. It's truly a shame about the streaming policy, because I feel like it might turn away a lot of people from a fantastic experience.If you enjoy visual novels, you owe it to yourself to try this game out."
76561198032397651,Recommended,438130,30999584,Posted: 7 April,all,astand,"Simply put, a fantastic VN. Intricate story, great plot twists (which are foreshadowed well and actually make sense), amazing characters, good OST and art.A must buy, especially if you are a fan of Infinity or Zero Escape series."
,Recommended,438130,24376201,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,rrc2soft,"A very good sci-fi visual novel with plenty of twists. Played 7 days straight, left completely satisfied. Some parts were to anime-ish, and other parts were a bit too long, but those are minuscule complains."
,Recommended,438130,28814292,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jackzera,"Just finished the game and man...what a game! I haven't played any long VN before, only played fault series so this one left a huge impression on me, it was more than 50 hours and I was interested in it until the end. I think Root Double has what a VN needs:+a great story, full of mysteries and suspense and a different approuch on how to tell you the story, 2 protagonists each one with completely different personas;+voice acting is just over the top, those actors really putted a lot of effort on it;+music fits perfectly with the feelings they are trying to convey to you, The Brave Decision OST won't let me lie;+art and visual effects are really good,  btw the gap between a moe character and a nuclear disaster is nice."
76561198074751147,Recommended,438130,30716787,Posted: 24 March,all,Heisendinger,"If you like the Zero Escape series, you'll like this visual novel."
,Recommended,438130,22777500,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Techim,"I've read quite a number of good VNs as they became available on Steam;Area-XClannadDanganronpa 1+2eden*Fault Milestone 1+2The Fruit of GrisaiaGakhthunHigurashi Ch1+2Lucy ~The Eternity She Wished for~Magical Eyes ~Red is for Anguish~PlanetarianPrincess EvangileSound of DropTokyo BabelIn my opinion, from the list above, what makes a good VN, is:an obvious / decent attempt at the visuals and /or storytelling,not be an obvious ""this VN was created mainly around fanservice*like the Sakura seriesat least something that makes the VN unique compared to othersMy impressions after reading Root Double?This VN is RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. (compared to all VNs available on Steam)If I have to rank the VNs I listed above,Root Double is now in my Top 3 favorite VNs.I also appreciate the thoughtfulness on the sound effects.Eg characters talking in a certain enclosed space have an obvious echo.PS: Root Double may be a bit difficult without a walkthrough for 100% completion, soI'll link one here."
,Recommended,438130,22913057,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lycalys,"First of all, if you're a fan of the Infinity series, you'll definitely be interested in this game. But even if you're not, if you're a fan of games with a lot of story and sci-fi, you'll enjoy it.Personally I found the story kind of dragged a lot of the time, but it was still good. A lot of the plot points are infuriatingly obvious, but you have to bear in mind that the characters don't see everything that you do.The Xtend episode felt like a complete waste of time to me, it was 90% repeated content that isn't flagged as read so you can't skip it without changing the settings. The rest of it was really centred around romantic subplots, which I can understand people enjoying but personally I wasn't interested."
,Recommended,438130,23630503,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Makoto,"Likely one of the best visual novels I have played. Hit me right in the feels so many times.Good music, good voice acting, great mind blowing twists and game made sure to answer all questions that I had throughout the plot. On the way to getting all achievements.11/10 would die 15 times again.IF YOU LOVE VISUAL NOVELS, ZERO ESCAPE OR 999, BUY THIS GAME! <3(Even if you have never played these types of games, you'll get hooked easily)"
76561198042135229,Recommended,438130,30624513,Posted: 19 March,all,madfox,"Great visual novel, although I am not entirely sure I like the choice mechanic. Feels overly complicated and I doubt I would have gotten everything without a walkthrough. I like the setup of three main parts and the inherent mystery (although I cannot say some of the twists were unexpected). Definitely worth the money for the 40 hours I spend on it (and I am a relatively fast reader and I leaved through some of the many bad endings)."
76561198025753038,Recommended,438130,33356805,Posted: 7 July,all,Kiriya.Aoi,"Fantastic Visual Novel. Lots of suspense, fully voiced with A+++ voice actors/actresses. The Artwork/character design is great and cute, and the story is long, suspenseful, and ind epth.  Highly recommended.  Expect about 40-50 hours total."
76561198065942019,Recommended,438130,34850299,Posted: 9 September,all,MivMusse,I was BEYOUND impressed with this game! it really is worth every penny! the game design and entire world is so amazing and imersive :D and its one of the few sims were your choices actually makes a change and there are SO many routes to take - You have AT LEAST 50hours game for your money - the story is also so well thought out and you can really feel the details in everything I love it so much :D
76561198150183370,Recommended,438130,34868220,Posted: 10 September,all,CRTmatrix,"Root Double -Before Crime * After Days is definitely one the best VNs on steam.At least if you are interested in story.Relatively setting, I think, I shouldn't repeat description entirely, but try to remark the merits instead.The plot is narrated through several (mostly the featured two) protagonists, revealing it from multiple angles, that are good at supplementing each other if you read the roots at alphabetic sequence. Not all of them are equally good, moreover some are written supplemental intentionally. Story isn't complicated enough to dumbfound reader completely, but it manages to keep tension and intrigue well. Lots of details come in engrossing rate together as parts of exciting aggregation.Without spoilers I could say, that SF part is rather hard and thorough. Especially the first chapter is laden with plethora of such details, for multiple facts even an ingame encyclopedia is given. Also in game's settingtelepathysomehow resembles Rifters trilogy without marine attributes.Someones might disagree, but I'd like to say that featured SSSystem, which around gameplay is built, is good at making choise input more subtle, than ordinary line picking (but also can complicate branching).Visual style is typical for mikeou and is rather unexpected to be found in non moe vn. Contribution of lip animations is substantial. In addition to them, sound is just perfect, voice acting of each character grasps after half a dozen phrases and represents it's owner individually. Accordingly, all characters are written to have personal speech habits and even with sound-off many lines are good at representing situation and mood. Moreover, disclosure of characters' individuality and their past, which define the story, provides reader with at least half of overall experience.As a bad trait I could touch multiple narrative approach toward the same situations, that protracts seriously (esp. the extra episode, half of which can be easily put down), although, it also helps to memorize the story (or at least current chapter) wholly and, since the skip option is present, it's not significant in repeated reading.Considering the plot, majority of bad endings aren't important, but they end up with narrative impasse quickly after wrong choises, hereby this flaw could be considered as just a method to create atmosphere of danger. Besides, some plotholes are represented(Like Kazami not using corpses in one of normal D endings), but in compare to overall volume of text and routes their number is small."
76561198179046755,Recommended,438130,30908552,Posted: 2 April,all,RealNihilisticNinja,"Memories are interesting things. They keep us tethered to the word around us, but are surprisingly fragile and can shatter in a mere instant. Not to mention that they are prone to distortion or outright fabrication. Yet they are the most important way that you can connect with someone and in, a way, give your own existance worth and meaning. While not strictly making that case until a scene at the tailend of the VN, it's a common theme in Root Double.The plot of Root Double is a bit hard to describe because it involves the convergence of two stories. The first story is that of Watase, a rescue worker that has developed amnesia. The catch is that as a result of this amnesia, he's been thrown into a situation seemingly of the explosion of a nuclear reactor, radiation seems to keep going up, and he needs to figure out a way for him and everyone under his care (including multiple civilians, a worker at the lab, and his two subordinates). This ends up proving more complicated than he could possibly imagine as bodies start to pile up.The other story is that of Natsuhiko, an esper (while not technical accurate it's a decent colloquial description), that is supposedly powerful but is unable for his abilities to manifest. While this is certainly closer to the typical VN experience, as it were, I feel that the author handles it effectively and deftly. All the characters are interesting and likable and there is clearly enough mystery going on that I was far too immersed in the characters and story to be particularly upset that it isn'tthe most original thing in the world.The music and visuals are quite good and compliment the story effectively as well.Overall I could be more specific about certain aspects but I really think this game is stronger going in as blind as possible. You're in for a treat- this is easily the best $15 I've spent on Steam in a long time."
76561197973106144,Recommended,438130,28333369,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Nales,"An excellent and lengthy visual novel that mixes mystery, sci-fi, psychology, and thrilling danger to make a great experience.The premise and ambiance are somewhat similar to the Zero Escape series (and to Danganronpa to some extent), as multiple characters are trapped and seek to escape together... well, ""together"" as long as they trust each other, that is...+ Great cast of varied characters+ Multiple points of view on the events, from different perspectives+ Gorgeous visuals and CGs+ Very lengthy (70+ hours if you include a few bad and normal endings)+ Unique choice system (but see below)= Decent but mostly forgettable music (to me)- ""Sense Sympathy System"" felt a bit awkward and confusing, and didn't always reflect my thoughts- Ultimately had to use a walkthrough, despite the hints given on bad endings- Shows some horribly mangled french at some point :("
76561198196704053,Recommended,438130,25228536,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,falleen,"This was an incredibly good story that was thrilling, engaging and suspenseful. I also love it that it has little or no romance but still delivers a solid story experience.For newbies, you might be a little concerned that the Choice Making System is really a Who-Do-You-Trust (aka Senses Sympathy) System, but don't worry, there's a tutorial that pops up before your first choice that will take you through the ropes.I personally thought that it was refreshing, although sometimes it can be quite hard to make a rational choice.Here's the lowdown on the Story Structure - There are 4 routes. You have to complete Routes A and B and unlock the good endings before Route C will appear. And you have to complete Route C before Route D will appear. Route D is the final route and comprises of a whopping 7 non-bad endings!The recommended route order is A - B - C - D. Personally I feel that route B will give you a lot of answers to Route A, and if you like that sort of understanding, then you can play B first, but if you like to be kept in suspense, then play A first.Secondly route B onwards is filled with many flashbacks, and that's one thing I hate about the game, the amount of flashbacks/recollection! That includes route C and route D too :(Well I kind of understand that, since the main topic of the game deals with Memory and the Mind, but at least there's a fast forward button.There are also 100 save slots so you will never be out of space.Also, there's a lot of scientific theory in this game, so it will definitely make you think a lot :)Plus there's like over 50 hours of gameplay! Really freakin worth it.What can I say? Enjoy!"
,Recommended,438130,25353612,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hey You!,"Root Double is a pretty solid VN. It has good music, relatively likeable characters, and while it's not as mindscrewy as Zero Escape there's at least one solid twist I thought worked well. I think my only major complaint is that I thought √Before was a little dull. If you like psycho thriller VNs then you're probably going to enjoy Root Double."
,Recommended,438130,28807996,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,pictoshark,"It's beautiful, such a labyrinth of amazing characters, plot twists, an interweaving narrative of unparalleled complexity and intrigue, hype moments, ""feels"", and so many mysteries that can be solved so much earlier than their solutions are shown.For fun, try to solve all the mysteries brought up in Route A with just A. It's possible.And the whole thing is out with what seems like a top quality translation, so it doesn't even have the current Umineko issue, you could read it all right now.And once you finish the main plot there are loads of bonus little backstory things for all the characters that helps expand on them a lot, and are all completely optional for understanding the plot itself.The only negatives are that there are loads of Normal and Bad ends that are nigh impossible to get without a guide. Also Route A Good end, (the canon one you need to get to move on) is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to get on as there are over 5 different points of failure for it that are not immediately clear and tripping 1 nets you failure.It's definitely my Number 1 VN, (Umineko can't be ranked as I haven't finished it yet)"
,Recommended,438130,25456511,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,bunny1ov3r,"Since I am forced to vote on the steam scale, I'll hesitantly say that I'd recommend this game. It does have some points it did successfully, such as a nice premise, a pretty tight and suspenseful story, and of course as its reputation precede itself, a meta dimension to the plot (though it is somewhat harder to catch). However, I feel like there are also many things that are weak in this VN. The characters are not one-dimensional but not compelling either. The story fits actually pretty nicely together but are retold way too many times in different narratives and the pacing is just awakard at times. The game tries to make the ending of each route epic, but in more ways than not they disappoint in so many levels..."
,Recommended,438130,22822294,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nanjonol,"""The thing that is truely frightening in this hell is not fire nor the radiation, its the people... Nothing is more terrifying that the raw malice of someone with their back to the wall. ""-quoted from Ena Tsubakiyama from Root Double -Before Crime * After DaysSo true."
,Not Recommended,438130,30463817,Posted: 11 March,all,Master Sheep,Okay just to let everyone understand why I thumbs down what I thought was a decent game.First part (the after portion) where all the action is great. It is the before  portion that gives this game a terrible review.They suddenly put you in the perspective of highschool kids that are undergoing the usual harem troupes while at the same time trying to integrate a past and present feel to their perspective in the concurrent story. Needless to say that the amount of useless information and flashbacks pushed me to spam skip for the better part of the story as you try to get back into the main story.Now I am not saying that the kids themselves are without merit but the overall presentation and info dump at the before section was completely irrelevant to the crisis situation the main character was facing. In the end you just find yourself disliking the highschoolers and push for the end rather then care about their perspective.Synopsis : AFTER Section was good to great. The perspective puts you in a unique role that has you questioning every person you meet and sometimes you as the main character. The big reveal has you wonder how you as the reader would feel in that moment. When the crisis main character looks himself in the mirror that was easily one of the climaxes that both intrigued and pushed me to endure the lackluster before section.
76561198000796305,Recommended,438130,22785094,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nurse ☆*:. o(≧▽≦)o .:*☆,Flashback Double -Before Flashback * After Flashback- Flashback Edition
,Recommended,438130,23471107,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Communism,One of the best visual novels available on Steam.
76561198104335736,Recommended,438130,23148793,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Omega765,very good vnworth full price
,Recommended,438130,26357635,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,3284,"Good game, sci-fi + mystery = <3"
,Recommended,438130,22767546,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Diapolo 10 [FIN] [YTR],"I have yet to even finish this game, but I already know what to say. If you've ever played Remember11 and/or Zero Escape, this game won't let you down!Pros:+ Good visuals+ Great voice acting+ Good OST+ Near-excellent story (note: so far I've only completed the After route.)Neutral:× The game is long (At least 40 hours)× Relatively slow story progressionCons:- The SSS system can get confusing at times- Keyboard shortcuts are more responsive than the on-screen buttons (read = The on-screen buttons don't always work as you'd expect.)"
,Recommended,438130,34204892,Posted: 12 August,all,SNaG,"This is a very good mystery and science fiction visual novel that releases its story in a slow drip and has two really good protagonists to follow. If you have every played other mystery visual novels, such as Danganronpa, Zero Escape, or even Phoenix Wright; or just love mystery and sci-fi in general, I highly implore you get this game. Only downside is that the pricetag is a bit high, even though the content and run time isn't much more than either of the 2 more mystery-based Danganronpa games on Steam.I recommend you do Root After first and then Root Before."
76561198061275757,Recommended,438130,27020755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AaronDee32,Fantastic Game! absolutely loved it
,Recommended,438130,28737275,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,All my mercs are dying,"Got all normal, good and true endings.Like a lot of other VNs going for 100% completion with bad ends is kind of a chore (though some bad ends are really interesting, you'll most likely know what's going to happen when you hit it)SSS mechanic is kinda ""meh' to me since it could range from 1-3 (instead of 0-8) and make no difference from what I understand.Like a lot of other good VNs we go on a rollercoaster of emotions from route to route, as questions get answered .I've felt: despair, confusion, fear, sadness, and joy so it's definitely a good ride.lastly, no more fictional physics lectures ! ! !"
,Recommended,438130,25543111,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BerSerk™,Amazing plot twist every minute. Heartwarming story at its best
,Recommended,438130,28621995,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheValiantExa,"This game challenges human biases, a standout work in a genre often filled with cliches."
,Recommended,438130,23337886,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Phoenix-san,The feels.. *_*
76561198202564956,Recommended,438130,32053904,Posted: 29 May,all,johnpenguin,the word and the mechaines
,Recommended,438130,24645573,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ffleader1,Too much contents/10
,Not Recommended,438130,31734772,Posted: 13 May,all,Nagru,"Root ""After"" is interesting and leaves you with questions it suggests it will answer in the other route. Unfortunately that route is many hours of super-special™ high schoolers doing super-special™ things. It teases you with brief stints back into the facility only to take you away for an hour in flashbacks, again and again. In the end the tedium overcame my curiosity about the first half of the game and I dropped out.If the high school setting and characters aren't a turn-off for you, and with a decent amount of patience, this is otherwise probably a fine VN."
,Recommended,438130,30534894,Posted: 15 March,all,CB007,"A fantastic, choice-heavy Visual Novel separated into multiple parts. The mysterious and often very dramatic events unfold from multiple perspectives as you slowly piece the true story together. Tons of good and bad endings, great artwork and many achievements and other extras to unlock. Memorable characters and music, and dozens of hours of gameplay. Very few negatives, the only one that comes to mind is that the first half of the game is a bit more thrilling and fascinating than the second half because you are so in the dark as to what's really going on."
76561198011421591,Recommended,438130,30818528,Posted: 29 March,all,Obsidian,"I was unsure of getting this game at first glance, but I am very glad I decided to get it. The storyline is well thought out and very enticing, this game hooked me the first hour I started playing it. It was a very enjoyable experience and for this price I find it as a steal."
76561198300960360,Recommended,438130,22839442,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Adrylek,It is the best you'll find if you want a good mistery Visual Novel or something along the lines of Zero Escape and the Infinity Series.
,Recommended,438130,22922132,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,rbleader,"Excellent game. All thechekhov's armouryfrom the opening gets used by the end of the game. Some in places you'd expect, others in completely unexpected places."
,Recommended,438130,22834421,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cpt Dana KS,Probably the first Visual novel I played in a long time that has kept me on the edge of my seat. I give it a full reccomendation.
76561198140227542,Recommended,438130,30670465,Posted: 22 March,all,DANCING in the DARK,"Already Finish all the Achievements, Recommend for who love visual novel anime game and some mystery story line,-Good Artwork-Good Music SoundtrackThere are 2 Routes presented to you when you press start:After: Takes place from the point of view of a rescue worker (Watase Kasasagi)Watase Kasasagi, a rescue squad captain who has lost his memories in the hours after the incidentBefore: The events that lead up to the terrorist attack in the week before it happened from the viewpoint of a young student (Natsuhiko Tenkawa).Great GAME!!"
76561198312304437,Recommended,438130,33225040,Posted: 4 July,all,RedCrown11037,i've been playing this for 40 hoursand there still more to read9/10
,Recommended,438130,33832769,Posted: 27 July,all,Your dad,Good.
76561198021358923,Recommended,438130,33875890,Posted: 29 July,all,The Great Cabbage Thief,"As a fan on Danganronpa and Zero Escape, I've been enjoying it a great deal"
76561198081679707,Recommended,438130,33916135,Posted: 30 July,all,SFD,"Drags a bit towards the end but it's still solid thorough. Great writing, characters and has a couple of standounts in the soundtrack.I recommend to play ""After"" route first, or you'll be spoiled a few of the twists."
