user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,438270,21269416,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cellphone Eye,"I already know Hiragana, but I bought this game to see if I could recommend it to friends. I'm not very far into the game yet but the explanations and quizzes are good. The battle system helps with memorization by repetition. It starts out with the most basic of basics and logically builds from there. I wish the stroke order followed the in game font more closely, it can be confusing for some to see two different representations of the same characters. Repetition is an OK method of learning but I would have liked to see it coupled with mnemonics to give the player a little rhyme or picture to associate with the character. However for 7 bucks this is a fun and engaging way to learn Hiragana, while there are free alternatives that work just as well they aren't as fun."
76561198004298655,Recommended,438270,23356836,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Cecil Costanza,"This is an amazing game and it's just great that they are still making games to this level of quality.HERE YOU WILL LEARN HIRAGANA, there is no two ways about it. Is that all? ABSOLOUTELY NOT!!!!!!! You also have a turn based rpg to help keep those new tricky hiragana characters stored in your memory bank TO STAY.I love this game and will be checking every day untill there is news of a Katakana DLC.  A++Get out your Notebook and start LEARNING today!"
,Recommended,438270,32639160,Posted: 22 June,all,「Bad Mr Frostii」,"Well, it actually works surprisingly well!I was too lazy every other time I actually tried memorizing the Hiragana, but having a game to help with not only Hiragan, but touching a bit on grammar as well made it a lot more enjoyable.Unlike my other past attempts at learning, this time I actually feel like I'll stick to it. Kudos to the devs, I'll certainly be moving on to the Katakana War sequel next. Not only to move on with the learning progress, but I'm honestly interested in seeing the story progress as well."
,Recommended,438270,28578580,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Boom,I can now watch hentai without subtitles :D
,Recommended,438270,21357936,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Fake Mustache,"I've messed around with Japanese a few times in the past and nothing ever stuck. Putting it in this simple JRPG format did the trick. I ended up having a lot of fun and took down about 20 pages of notes in the process, and that's not counting side quest vocabulary I didn't bother writing down but probably should have.On the plus side:It's simple and accessible, especially if you're familiar with traditional 2D JRPGsMoves at an easy pace, only throwing a few new characters at you per areaHas some humor and plot to it without being dumb or overly cheesyActually helps you learn HiraganaClear explanations of many subtle aspects of the language, like dakuten or particles.On the negative side:Despite the presence of several buff skills, they don't see much use, so the combat's missing on depth most of the timeGear is likewise mostly linear upgrades with a few unique pieces here and thereThere's no way to limit encounters. You'll sometimes trigger 3 fights in 10 steps and wish you had Repel or something similar to halt them for a while as you search for an item or NPC. An Escape Rope mechanic to quickly return to town would be great for the very few times you need to backtrack into a dungeon as well. (The game teleports you out nearly every other time.)On the hit/miss side:Voice acting is usually great, but sometimes it's unclear or too abrupt to understand.Demonstrates stroke order and gives tips for how to properly write all characters, which is awesome. But in-game font, character image used for enemies, and handwriting tutorials often differ from eachother and occasionally cause confusion. (I'm looking at you, り!)My best moment in the game: When it started throwing words at me instead of just isolated characters and I realized I could read most of them. You start running into people who speak Japanese and items with Japanese names and you get to figure out what's being said or what the item is called not because some tutorial or textbook told you to, but because you want to know what is being communicated and you know you have the tools to figure it out. (Because you were taking notes, right? Right?)10/10, because as far as I know this is the only game in this niche that works. Get it and support more games like this if you want to learn languages via videogames."
,Recommended,438270,32033486,Posted: 28 May,all,cian the caterpillar,"TL;DR at the bottom.I am not a big review writer so bare with me :DI already knew how to read hiragana prior to this which made progressing a lot easier for me, but I had no clue how to write it.This game managed to get me to grab a notebook and spend half my gametime writing each character over and over again across 10+ pages... I don't even like writing in English ffs.After 9 hours of gameplay across 3 days, I can proudly say I can write all 46 characters by memory!Anyways,Pro's:- Really engraves Hiragana into your mind through repetition (a lot of it)- If you don't mind grindy games like me, this game can be really fun.- Can't remember a hiragana character? Level up your characters while doing so >:D- Soundtrack is catchyCon's:- As far as I can tell, there is no forced repetition of the vocab that you learn. *EDIT: Can confirm the game does test you on vocabs but it's not for a while so better remember them ;)- Can be tedious if you do not enjoy the grindy aspect of the game.- Not much to the story. Evil man forces you to learn Japanese :^)TL;DR/Conclusion:A good starting point to learning Japanese, but don't expect huge results.Very useful for learning how to read and write Hiragana.Repetition through lessons and grinding while doing quests.Decent soundtrack.Only get this game if you are interested in LEARNING. Yes, get them notebooks out.Welcome to school boys and girls.Will be getting the Katakana version when I am comfortable with Hiragana."
76561197988533180,Recommended,438270,21269524,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shovelface,"I would also rate this game a perfect 5 out of 7. I played for about an hour and I've already learned a couple dozen characters, as well as some words. It's a legit RPG, so you don't just feel like you're doing lessons. The repetitive FF-style battles are a great way to drill everything into memory. I hope other games like this come out for other languages."
,Recommended,438270,23773029,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gargusuz,Needs DLC for other kanji and katakana. Sequel for words and such.
,Recommended,438270,28700352,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kasdiel,"In short, if you're just looking into learning the basics of the Japanese language, this is a surprisingly fantastic starting point. It made education surprisingly fun, at least for the first while, after which it became somewhat monotonous mechanically, but remained a solid learning resource nonetheless. It also encourages pretty decent study habits, which, admittedly, many people seem to lack. I'd highly recommend it so long as you fulfill one simple criteria:You have to want to actually learn.Simply put, learning a language or well.. anything takes a lot of time. You can certainly learn to understand each individual hiragana and to sound out words with what this game provides, but you have to be willing to put forth the effort. Writing things down when the lessons prompt you to is practically a must for anything to progress in a timely matter. The educational structure of this game presents you with 5 hiragana each time, starting with your basic vowels and leading into consonants and modifiers (dakuten) and the like. It's paced well enough that you can get a solid grip on the 5 most recent hiragana that you were shown before having more characters forced upon you. If you want to practice, you can always traditionally grind mobs in certain areas corresponding to the hiragana set you're looking to practice.As far as the actual game's mechanics outside of the basic education it provides, it's mediocre at best. The story is expectedly cliché, the characters are your standard affair for mediocre RPGMaker-esque games, and the writing is most definitely nothing to write home about. If you're buying this for the actual gameplay, you're looking at the wrong game. This is solely a means to educate you with progressing through the game being your incentive. It's effectively chasing a carrot on a stick, you just have to want the carrot.The controls are fairly standard affair but are pretty clunky if you opt to use mouse only, but that's really my only gripe regarding functionality.All in all, for someone looking to learn hiragana who thinks the concept of incentivized learning in an RPG format is appealing, by all means, you don't want to pass this up. Especially when it's on sale, as it often goes as low as two dollars."
,Recommended,438270,23384790,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,RustyBlayde,"I've just finished this 'learning' game (don't know how to call it) recently and would like to give a little review of it.This game is the first RPG game that I mostly willing to buy, a game for learning Japanese. When I was searching some random games on Steam and saw this special game. It is hard for me to find a way to start and here it is, a game for the beginner to learn Japanese characters and vocabs. However, I can't fully recommend this game for everyone to play because it is not easy to learn-and-remember in this game, even I take lots of notes and keep practicing on writing the characters. It is a method for me (maybe including anyone) to 'Learn' Hiragana but not 'Remember' Hiragana. Maybe it is just me having some learning problems, but seriously, the game's battle system is quite boring that you focus on defeating the enemies and get money to buy stuffs, then go to the next area and do the same thing. The aim still is still finishing the game and have a happy ending after a while I may forget all I have learnt and wasted several hours. I don't mean that playing this game is wasting time but it is not a choice to keep learning Japanese. Like I said, it is a good start for learning Japanese language but if you have already had a bit or more knowledge of this language, this game may not perform effectively.Let me sum up this long freakin' review:Pro:- a choice for someone who would like to learn Japanese but don't know where to start- suitable for someone who like playing RPG games- educative- feel fun to learn Japanese name of the daily stuffsCon:- quite boring battle system- not easy to focus on learn-and-remember the Japanese characters- some of the stuffs in game are useless or unable to use (spoiler alert!)All above are just my unprofessional review and give a big support to the developer if you enjoy this game like I do :)"
,Recommended,438270,30602191,Posted: 18 March,all,Aeroplane,"I had a love/hate relationship withLearn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle. Going into it, I had already memorized about half the hiragana alphabet, which ultimately came back to severely diminish my experience. Without the learning aspect, this game is just a boring cliche RPG-maker game-- so if you have knowledge of the hiragana, you're honestly better off spending 9 hours studying some other way. However, if you have zero knowledge, this is a good place to start.I should mention, I had to hack my save file and give myself a ton of money to even bother continuing with the game. The battles were just so slow and grindy for me (and I like RPG games) that I had to give myself the best armor so I wasn't spending a full minute ""fighting"" hiragana that I already knew. Without hacking my save, I'm not sure if I would have bothered finishing it.I should also point out that I fully realized this game was probably a mistake to buy like 5 minutes after playing 2 hours (which is past the refund limit). I would have refunded the game if I had kept better track of my time.A couple of my gripes with the game:•Hiragana can inflict status ailments.So you enter a battle, immediately know the characters (you identify them to ""kill"" them)-- and then they put 3 of your 4 party members to sleep. Beyond that, the hiragana can all attack 1 party member, killing them in a single turn. Party members that are asleep or dead cannot be used to identify hiragana.Additionally,a hiragana character typically takes multiple times identifying it to kill it, allowing it to keep attacking your party and inflicting status ailments.What does this all mean? Even if you know the material and wish to move on you have to spend more time than necessary trying to overcome the frustrating battle mechanics. The game element should take a back seat to the learning, not the other way around.It came to a point where I would see the characters, say them out loud, and then run from the battle.•Encounter rates are very high(take a few steps and be put into another battle), which loops back into my first point.Additionally, you encounter pre-determined groups. By that I mean, characters aren't randomly thrown together before a battle-- you will encounter the same characters in the same groups over and over again. Meaning, you will recognize the group of characters (""Oh, I just had this one last battle. Ji, Shi, Ko, Ku""), rather than actually identifying the characters themselves.• During the ""lesson"" part of the game, words are introduced with characters you haven't even learned yet (which they write in romaji). This feels like a huge missed opportunity, as they could easily show you words made of characters youhavelearned.For example, imagine you've learned only the vowels. They then show you the word for chair (hiragana: 「いす」) as 「いsu」, rather than waiting until they teach the ""s"" group, and then introduced the full word. It just feels so pointless, and like such a missed opportunity. Learning words made of the characters you have learned is so rewarding, compared to half romaji/half hiragana words. (NOTE: That specific example does not show up in game, but many like it do).""So why do you recommend the game?!""you might be asking. As stated, this gamewillhelp you learn the hiragana. The game does open up towards the very end, when it focuses more on words and phrases, as well as explaining sentence structures, which I enjoyed immensely.I will be purchasingKatakana Warbecause I do not know any of the katakana, so I'm sure my experience will be better. (On top of that, I've heard the dev addressed some of the issues withHiragana Battle). But again, if you do know a majority of the hiragana already, studying via traditional means will be far more rewarding, as well as less frustrating.Edit:I'm only a little bit intoKatakana Warbut it has already fixed most of my issues withHiragana Battle. Yay!"
,Recommended,438270,26641001,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Longtakun,"Genre / Game style:Old School RPGRequires previous knowledge in hiragana:No.What you'll learn:Reading and writing Hiragana, basics and some intermediate level.Is it worth buying:Hai, sou desu~!This game teaches you hiragana set by set (you'll start from a i u e o). With the help of your pen and your handy dandy notebook to memorize the characters, you'll learn through repetition on how to read and write hiragana. Learn while having fun! (Really? Hmm... I dunno but I'm kinda having fun while playing it, so I guess it is fun.)"
,Not Recommended,438270,25474226,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,keyofw,"I have been waiting a long time for educational games that teach language effectively... I am still waiting. I have been trying for a couple hours now to like this game but I cannot. This review is for two purposes: (1) If you sincerely want to learn Japanese, please take the following into consideration before you buy, and (2) If you are a dev of educational games, here are some things NOT to do. I know I'm going to come across as a mansplainer so you're warned...Why is this an RPG? At first I was excited by the idea that we could learn Japanese (or even just Hiragana) via an RPG system... however, the mechanics of this system do not complement or facilitate learning. At best, they get in the way, and at worst, they really make it hard to want to learn. In order to attack, you have to first select ""Answer,"" then select the correct Hiragana - and by mid-game (as far as I got before throwing in the towel) this is a looooooooong list, then select the correct Hiragana warrior to attack. Pick the wrong answer and you do no damage. This is supposed to reinforce memorization of the Hiragana, right? Wrong. It turns out that this game is made in RPG Maker and no changes were made to the battle system... so there are fixed, pre-determined groups of Hiragana, usually only 2 or 3 possible combinations per world. I quickly memorized the pattern of enemies and was not anymore concentrating on the Hiragana, but the system of button presses that would result in my victory the quickest. Plus, because the Hiragana are never (well, except the alternate dimension part) written into your menu, I was instead memorizing English letters! I doubt the devs intended this but it is a severe oversight.This type of gameplay mistake persists in almost every area. I suspect it is for a noble cause. The devs are likely very, very passionate about teaching, or at least they like the Japanese language. There isn't much on the market for teaching language that isn't insanely boring or difficult. So, they wanted to make learning into an RPG... but I suspect the devs aren't practiced game designers, so they just downloaded RPG Maker and crammed the Japanese language into the program's way of doing things. This game should have been made in a more flexible system like Unity or Unreal, or coded from the ground up. The mechanics of the game should have been 100% about the mechanics of the Japanese language. Unfortunately we end up with the following:EXCUSE PLOT INTERFERES WITH LEARNING. I know it's educational so the plot ""doesn't matter."" Either ditch it or figure out how to work it into learning. Having to walk back and forth across a room to find a key feels like grinding. If I liked grinding I would learn the old-fashioned way.GRIND. Ideally when you learn a new set of Hiragana you would get a chance to RAPIDLY test your skills. Instead you are given a quiz of 5 questions (seriously? this is the worst part of the game imho) that can be brute forced, then sent out to battle. Each battle is excruciatingly long. Hiragana take multiple hits to defeat, they inflict statuses (why? what point is there to standard RPG mechanics?), they do insane damage to you, and random battles happen every 6 steps or so. If grind is the only way to learn, download a Hiragana chart and do it for free.PRONUNCIATION IS GIVEN BY ROBOTS. I can't say for sure but I think the sound files for pronunciation are only the 50 or so syllables in Japanese glued together. It sounds okay for the individual Hiragana but very forced when learning the vocabulary. Full sentences sound like Google Translate. I may be a beginner in Japanese but I am confident no one speaks like that. For the love of God just talk into a microphone - there aren't that many vocab words in the game.WHY LEARN VOCABULARY? The vocab sections are not mechanically a part of the game. Again, I'm playing this to learn the language in a more immersive and enjoyable environment than a classroom. If I'm sitting here listening to someone recite (robotically) 10 words that I have to memorize, I'm going to go elsewhere for learning. Especially if I am not required to use those words ANYWHERE, and they serve no purpose mechanically. Oh, and the vocab words I got through don't actually help you create sentences.LESSONS AND GAMEPLAY NOT INTEGRATED. The whole point of the educational game is that I learn while I play. I felt the learning was separate - in lessons made before each world, asking you to write and take notes on a separate sheet of paper. Why play the game, then, and not just look at a chart or take a class?ART STYLE DISTRACTING. This one's more personal, but the music/sound/art felt totally wrong. I'm squarely blaming RPG Maker for this one because the devs are working with it pretty much out-of-the-box. But future edutainment devs should note that using an out-of-the-box program results in a stale, uninspiring game.ALL THAT SAID! If you want to learn Hiragana, you can with this game. But you won't really learn any useful Japanese, you won't get the pronunciation right, you won't learn Katakana or Kanji, AND it will take you considerably longer than if you just spend five minutes a day looking at a chart of Kana and writing them down.Long review, I know, but I really, really, REEEEEEEALLY wanted to like this. I want edutainment to be a thing not just in schools, but everywhere. I'm also trying to learn Japanese right now. So I jumped at the chance. But ultimately it looks like we're still waiting for the perfect game. I hope the devs continue, however, and they either work on their dev skills or hire someone to take care of that aspect."
,Recommended,438270,28475061,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TheBiggyBoy,"Learning Japanese from game? Learning any language? My mom will not believe when she see this. She always telling me how I can't learn from video games... I'M LEARNING JAPANESE, MUM!"
,Recommended,438270,32709333,Posted: 23 June,all,Teffff,All according to けいかく(Translator's Note: けいかく means plan)
76561197980372335,Recommended,438270,23533637,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Francis,Awesome game. Make sure to have a notebook ready before you play it.
,Recommended,438270,21624744,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lex Marston,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r8lC0TTLAEJapan produces some pretty cool stuff. Some of the best games of the last few decades have been either first released in Japan or exclusively released in Japan. A lot of the times, nice folks who know the Japanese language will translate Japanese games so that we can enjoy them to their fullest. However, that may take a while, if it ever happens at all. Besides, self-reliance is an underrated thing. Now, if you’re a chowderhead like me, then you only know one language, and that’s ‘murcan. But what if you want to broaden your horizons? You could take a Japanese course at school. But only if your school offers it, and if it’s a college course, you may be spending quite a bit of money on the course and books. You could buy Rosetta Stone, but that could cost you up to $200. I don’t know about you, but I’m not a great learner in the normal classroom setting. I’ve tried games before like My Japanese Coach, but I was bored and frustrated soon after starting. I’ve always wanted to learn Japanese, but have never found a way that works for me.And now this is starting to sound like an infomercial, and as much as I love me some infomercials, I purchased Learn Japanese to Survive: Hiragana Battle from the Steam store on a whim the day it launched. I didn’t even know this was a thing until the day I bought it, but I saw the $7 price tag and good early reviews and figured I’d give Japanese one last shot. It’s been one of the best decisions I’ve made.Hiragana Battle is an educational game. It teaches the player Hiragana, one of the 3 forms of the Japanese language, in the wrapper of a traditional JRPG. Misaki, your Japanese instructor, gives you lessons. You’ll then set out to the world map and fight Hiragana characters by selecting the matching sound they represent.The story, which isn’t of much importance, goes like this: Noboru, a strange, unkempt man, is summoning Hiragana characters into the real world in hopes of taking over the land. It’s up to you and your friends to fight off the Hiragana Warriors and seal the gates before Noboru gains too much leverage and conquers Japan and all around it. But of course, you don’t know any Japanese at all, so you have hit the books before you’re able to save the world.Hiragana Battle is made using the RPG Maker engine, an engine I quite like. And the game looks very good, for that sort of style. It does have an aura of being generic, mainly because this is how most of the games made with the RPG Maker engine look, but it’s well-done nonetheless. I never looked at anything in the game and said, “Oh, that’s just ugly.” It’s a good looking game, even if it isn’t the most impressive looking game.The lessons are nice. Calming music plays in the background as you’re told about each Hiragana character. Unfortunately, you are going to have to break out a notebook and do some old school learning, as Misaki will ask you to practice writing each character. Even though this is by far the least fun part of the game, it's actually very beneficial as you'll more than likely need to recall back to earlier sets of characters later in the game. And although you have the option to revisit an earlier lesson with Misaki, it's a lot easier to be able to flip through a notebook. Throughout my 15-hour playthrough I took several pages of notes which gave me a much needed crutch.You see, Hiragana Battle doesn't do a great job of mixing up all of the characters throughout the game. You'll go hours and hours without seeing some of the earlier characters and if you don't have a great memory, like myself, then you're going to have to look back in your notebook to see which character is which. There are many characters that look nearly identical with the only difference being the stroke of a final line.Which brings me to my next qualm with the game: the confusing font. Most of the time, we see Japanese characters typed out. Whether that be on a website or in a game, you usually see the same font. Hiragana Battle includes this font in the game in their menus, but when Misaki teaches you how to write the characters, and when the characters show up in battle, they’re a more stylized version. Often times, they look different than what we read as normal Japanese font, and this can also make things very confusing for beginners. However, it does teach you to recognize the characters in different fonts, so it can be a good thing.I was able to triumph over all of that and push forward, and soon after, I started recognizing Hiragana characters on Twitter from all the Japanese wrestling posts I see and from the man himself, Mother/Earthbound creator Shigesato Itoi. And I kept going forward. And then I started recognizing Japanese words, and that excitement continued to push me through to the end of the game. One of the more interesting things that Hiragana Battle does is, towards the end of the game, it’ll start listing items, weapons, and armor in Japanese only, so you’ll have to be able to read the word in Japanese to understand what you’re buying. There was a side-quest where some dude in Japan really wanted a Manga issue, and I had to go down to the convenience store, look at their items that were only listed in Japanese, and then read and buy the correct item to give him. The feeling I got when I read “manga” in Japanese was euphoric. It was a sign the game was truly working.Along with the main quest, you’ll have side-quests. Most of these are fetch quests, but all of them teach you new vocabulary. You can also acquire special points from these side quests to help boost the levels of your party members.Every RPG element about this game is pretty standard and basic. You’re not going to see any new functions. You fight enemies to earn money, you spend that money on better weapons and armor, you level up to get stronger, and you save after every battle. If all of your party members die in Hiragana Battle, it’ll reload to your last save, so make sure that you’re saving every few minutes.Hiragana Battle isn’t a perfect game by any means. It has issues both on the RPG side and on the teaching side. I would have like to have seen some form of mnemonic teaching in the game, aka helping the player remember by relating the character to something else, like a kangaroo for ru or a pig tail for su. But then again, maybe it’s best to leave that up to the player.Even with its flaws, Hiragana Battle is well worth the $7 asking price. $7 will teach you all the characters in the Hiragana set, plus grammar and punctuation, vocabulary, and even some common phrases. And it’ll do it in a way that keeps you engaged. It’s about time someone used the grind of RPG’s for an educational purpose. I’m sure it’s been done before, but learning the Japanese language through a traditional JRPG is just about the best combination you can come up with.The developers, Sleepy Duck Educational Games, have plans for a sequel that will teach the next phase of the Japanese language, which they plan to call Katakana War. It’s good to know that you can invest in Hiragana Battle and be able to continue forth at some point in the same style. I will definitely be buying Katakana War, and if you’re interested in learning Japanese, I highly recommend you pick up Hiragana Battle."
76561197975280834,Recommended,438270,21267596,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ayeohx,"Just started but I'm enjoying this. the writing is good, it's cute without being sappy, and most importantly the teaching is well paced.  I did find the pronouciation sound bites to be a little brief and not as clear but it's good enough.  Also, the animated hiragana and the hiragana font confused me a bit.  I assume the animated one is the ""correct"" one while the font is just for readability's sake.I'm also impressed with what Sleepy Duck has done with the RPG Maker engine.  Really good job pulling it all together!So far, definitely worth the money spent."
,Recommended,438270,21286228,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,C L A W,"If you were looking for a way to learn some Japanese without being boring,then you found it.It shows you how to write hiragana correctly,how it is spelled and what it means.After you are shown these things you are sent on missions to defeat these hiragana warriors and to accomplish that you have to know the correct answers.Don't be mistaken though,you will only learn Hiragana(not complete japanese) and Japan has two other alphabets(Kanji and Katakana).I think the other two should be added to this game,it would be great.It has great potential and I think other games like these should be created,for other languages."
,Recommended,438270,21290067,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Defii,"First off, I'm already fluent with Hiragana. I learned the writing system back in my first year of Japanese with Morihara Sensei. That being said, when I saw this...I had to stop and take a double take. I stared at it for awhile. Thought to myself, ""RPG to learn Hiragana? Battling Hiragana? Seriously?"" And for 7$, I thought it would be a fun little refresher. I'm only into the third set, beyond the k's and their ten-ten's, but even without going any further, I am going to stop and make this a recommendation.I love RPG's. I adore them. I love Japanese, and I've adored learning the language. This is the cutest darn little game and already I've had the most fun I've had in learning the language - as fun as Sensei's classes were. You're adventurers on a quest to stop a Japanese mage and his Hiragana warriors. You use the correct english translations to damage and defeat them. This will even show you the proper order of character strokes. You get INN's to sleep in, places to explore, treasure, money, equipment - like legit adventuring.If you have any interest in learning the language, get this. Just do it. :)"
,Recommended,438270,21746464,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SirVirtuo,"So, I decided to pick up this game on a whim.  I ran across it as I was searching for anything RPG, and the title caught me.  As a servicemember living in Japan, with a japanese girlfriend, I decided I would like to try playing a game to help me learn to read/write hiragana.  I already speak a liittle, but I can't read a thing living here.  So far the game has proven to be very helpful, and I can't believe how much I've learned in so little time!The lessons are at your own pace, and you get the options for repetition of drawing examples and speaking examples.The combat is simple, but it reminds me of my old days of playing Golden sun on Gameboy Advance.  It engages you enough to keep you thinking, but also quizes you constantly on your knowledge of the written characters.  ""You can use a cheat sheet to make sure you are memorizing them.  I first try to figure them out in my head, then review my notebook to make sure I have it right.""It's a little adventure, and has gear upgrades...  What can I say?  It's an RPG.The price of $6.99 seems well worth it for me to learn better japanese.9/10 after 2 hours of playing.  would make 10/10 if added more explosion effects."
76561198044012756,Recommended,438270,23548464,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MouthyMerc,"So I'm only, up to the sa, su, shi, so, hiragana and so far it's been a fun experence. I'm starting to remember each character with out my notes (yes they ask you to take notes.) The RPG isn't revationary but, it's gameplay & mechanics are solid. The plot is interesting enough to keep you playing while not distracting you from learning. The lessons are clear and easy to follow.My only gripe with the game is the brush-style font used, when showing how to write each hiraganana. I'd have prefered the font to look closer to a pen or pencil style to make practicing easier to understand.On the whole the game is well made and i'd love to see a sequel with katakana (LJTS2! Katakana Battle!)."
76561198061575989,Recommended,438270,21269512,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Vult Avos,"The concept of this game is amazing! I've only played a little bit of it (the first actual fight, which I know isn't much), but I feel like this could be a good way to learn for those who can remember things in games, and not necessarily things in the real world (like me XD). Definitely looking like it'll be my favorite RPG for a long while!"
,Recommended,438270,27603212,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,obubble,"Love this game! Great way to learn hiragana and vocab, played this right before a trip to Japan and enjoyed being able to read some of the signs.Surprised by the depth of the game, I thought it would be a quick playthrough, and then another map was revealed. Happy to get more gameplay out of it.Repetition is useful for learning, but makes the game drag on.Overall I'm happy and keen to see more from the developers."
,Recommended,438270,25823260,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,20DX00,"I am what most people would lable as anOtakuorWeeabooI like watching anime (not as frequent honestly), reading manga and playing Japanese games (Ok, these 2? More than I'd like to admit)So I really want to learn how to read Japanese so I can access these things more easily, and then this game appearedThis game is about 3 friends, Claire the leader, Leon the idiot and Eric the... generic sidekick(?) trying to save their home after an evil wizard, Noburo terrorizes with hisHiraganaWarriors... (Still with me here?(￣、￣ )) They hire a Japanese scholar, Misaki to teach themHiraganaso that they can destroy Noburo'sHiraganaWarriors and defeat the Noburo himself once and for allWhat I like:Concept, seriously, did ANYONE thought of mashing ""learning a language"" with an ""RPG""? Well done to the guy/girl who came up with something so originalThe easy to pickup lessons, they don't shove everything down your gullet at once and it makes learning really easyBattles, the battles are repetitive and predictable early on. But late-game, it throws EVERYTHING you learnt in your face, so make sure you've been paying attention in classNotes, I'm sure this is kind of a turnoff for most people, but I personally like having a physical note that I can flip through__〆(￣ー￣ ). Don't wanna write? No prob, you can easily revise everything you've learnt by going into your inventorySoundtrack, honestly, this is probably the BEST thing about this game, the opening song is pretty hype (not fitting, but I like it)The final lesson, everything you've learnt uptill this point isTOTALLY WORTH IT, for akickassBoss fight withkickassmusic in the backgroundWhat I dislike:Length, this game is short, and I'm not complaining, but I'd prefer if they had abitmore content (nitpicking)Level designs, they're as generic as they get, with a few exceptions, but overall, it's pretty blandStats, it's not that in depth, kinda boring when all you have to do is:FightGet money + Level UPBuy better itemsRepeatFinal Thoughts:In the end, thisISan edutainment game. So based on that, I think this game is pretty good, an amazing blend of both education AND entertainment. I had fun going through lessons, so do I suggest other people try it?If youREALLYwant to learn Japanese, and don't have the attention span (like myself(๑╹ڡ╹๑)) to read books/online, then yeah, pick this game up.This edutainment game deserves a decent:7.5/10It's not that well polished, but I enjoyed my time playing through, even completing it 100% (not that hard, honestly)To the developers: ""Waiting to get the next game in the series, keep up the great work( ﾟｰﾟ)ﾉ""This game gets the...[SEAL OF PIZZA d( ^▽^)b](because pizza is awesome)"
,Recommended,438270,23773290,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,musicat64,"Very neat! I studied Japanese in college and the writing of the characters is very accurate! :) I hope that a katakana and kanji version of this game comes out! It is totally fun and educational.  If you would like to learn the basics of hiragana, I recommend this game! ^.^Edit: The only character that I have seen which is not accurate is ""ri り"". They use one stroke writting it in the game, but the written form isn't connected and is done in 2 strokes.  The game does however show the correct form of ""ri り"" when battling the hiragana warriors.  It is ok for it to be connected on a typed font, but not when hand writting it.  Other than that, kudos for making a game that teaches writting Japanese! :D"
,Recommended,438270,27608723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,itsarace,"The key to learning any language is constant reinforcement. RPG's involve a lot of grinding levels by beating the same enemies over and over. But in this case, beating your enemies is simply remembering their names. I give this game a 7/10 because the actual combat part is a little too easy. But the educational part? 10/10. If you're even the slightest bit interested in learning Japanese while having a fun time, buy this game."
,Recommended,438270,22121123,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Vieinay,"So I played this for about 8hrs ofline and damnLittle background info: I have been learning japenese on the down-low with my home boy *cough*ROSETTA STONE*cough* but the way they teach hiragana is a bit wonky. I was at the end of lvl 2 and I could barely remember more than 10 or so hiragana. I just couldn't get them to stick. Then I saw this on sale. I figured,""Eh, why not?"" and purchased it right away. This was by far the best descion I have made this yearSo going in I was a bit ahead of the curve knowing a bit of hiragana and a booty ton of the spoken language, I thought that I might not get much out of this. Boy howdy was I wrong. Ever have trouble studing because ♥♥♥♥ me I can't focus? Well I usually power through it, but with the way of presenting it as grinding I just did what comes naturally for any jrpg... I leveled a few levels ahead of what I was supposed to be and completed all the side quests before advancing the story, and would you know it those are great ways to memorize the hiragana.That's this entire games premise if you haven't guessed yet, and boy does it do it well. You play a filthy normie who has never even heard of a Jaypan before who must learn hiragana to defeat an evil wizard bent on ruling the world with his hiragana warriors! You start to learn with the help of your new teacher and chase after the evil wizard. This game despite being educational is a bit funny and light-hearted. TBH fampai it's not the most well written and can be predictable, but it is way above average for a game who's purpose is to educate your gajin self.TL;DRIt's fun and actually teaches you if you're like me and pay attention to grinding. Definitely would recommend to anyone seeking to learn japenese."
,Recommended,438270,29625968,Posted: 1 February,all,Black Heart Goddess,"Really enjoying this game. Its unique. Not only can you play a pretty decent RPG, but, you can also learn Hiragana at the same time. I think its a very good approach to learning. If you want to learn Japanese, this is the way to do it."
,Recommended,438270,32982565,Posted: 29 June,all,Hanabi,Ultimate choice for a weeaboo
76561198185936146,Recommended,438270,30841129,Posted: 30 March,all,Lim Zero,"Usually when trying to learn something I lose interest quickly or procrastinate. With this game, I managed to learn all Hiragana. I still know them all a month later.This game is the best vocabulary learning system i ever had."
,Recommended,438270,27897042,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GamerTek,"For about 2 years I wanted to learn Japanese, but I never made any progress. This game set me up for learning the basic language and how to write it. This so far has been one of the BEST games that I have played on Steam!"
76561198140789769,Recommended,438270,25767073,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dan7gold,I've started learning japanese at the university and i can tell you that this game is saving my grades IGN 8/8
,Recommended,438270,28529182,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kyr0xZz,Excellent! Managed to learn all hiragana characters within 10 hrs. The extra grammar and vocab lessons are a plus as well albeit being basic ones. Definitely would recommend this game to anyone interested in learning the Japanese language!
,Recommended,438270,26441129,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shark Bait,"Interesting way to introduce people to an alphabet.Things I like:+ Substitutes Romaji (abc) with Hiragana（ひらがな）as you learn so you can still read out what is said in Japanese even if you can't read the language.+ Engages you to learn to survive!- Limited learning.- No Katakana. (For use with InFluent on Steam, for example.)In battles it would be nice if rather than just show a ""slash"" animation over the Hiragana character and a tiny text of what was said up top in the console text area, to show a quick animation of how towritethe Hiragana characterandthe spoken form (currently there is no sounding of the character in battle) coupled with a flash of the Romaji as it is spoken side-by-side with the Hiragana.This would help teach more at the same time.After I searched Google Play Store through Editor's Picks I foundKatakana Memory Hint [English]byThe Japan Foundationand they have a Hiragana App too.. Nearlyallthe Flashcard Apps on Google were Spyware which wanted access to everything on my phone butThe Japan Foundation Apps require zero accessand are great. I found using the Apps helped speed up my learning. I also signed up to JapanesePod101 and plan to learn Japanese for real..So thanks a lot to the creator of Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle. :)"
,Recommended,438270,26504171,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Akellast,"This game is pretty fun. I honestly got worried how it would go after I bought it, but it turned out great. Learning Hiragana is pretty easy since it makes you memorize the characters (or letters) and you see them constantly in the game. If anyone is reading this because they are considering to get this game and needed to see the reviews first, I say to go ahead and buy it.            P.S. You may need to have a notebook handy; after all your learning Japanese to survive. ;P"
,Recommended,438270,21715883,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,portello,Seems fun and usefull for the basics.I like how there is no exit button in the title screen...
76561198049034971,Recommended,438270,31475198,Posted: 30 April,all,Rei-kun,"A good way to learn Japanese, the element of learning a language while playing a game makes it more fun aswell."
,Recommended,438270,31536458,Posted: 3 May,all,ShadeNyite,"You will actually learn Hiragana.You will have fun doing so.10/10 would study again.Seriously this game doesn't just teach Hiragana, they give you opportunities to use what you know. Every Japanese learning tool I've used tells you to learn this first then teaches you by shoving the hole lot down your throat like you already know them. This game will take you step by step at a lovely , basicly your own, pace. They even throw in some vocabulary for you to learn. Nice Nice!"
,Recommended,438270,23092802,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SJ6669Raidengale,"Never left a review, haven't even played for long, but I honestly really love this!The premise is great: Learn or die.Now, it's not stressful or anything. In fact, you can take it at a very slow pace if you want. It's just that added incentive of ""I don't want to lose, I don't want the monster to defeat me, so I WILL learn this."" Normally, tbh, I start to learn something, but I get bored easily. I'm always flitting around from task to task, hobby to hobby, but games are the one thing I can easily focus on for hours on end. Honestly, I want a whole series of these games. I want them for kanji and katakana too. I want them for other languages. I want to battle and play my way into becoming a linguistic GOD."
76561197980136917,Recommended,438270,28458207,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,DarkChocobo,""" Land of the Rising Sun""+ Adorable pixel art+ Fun old school RPG mechanics+ Actually taught me something that I glossed over in an actual class- Encounter rate is high for a purpose but can be decreased a slight bit- Random battles are not really random. Same hiragana groups appear often- Make abilities more meaningful / Requiring more actual need.Overall great game. Im looking forward to the Katakana sequel.4/5"
76561198019388608,Recommended,438270,28934983,Posted: 2 January,all,Cicsero,"I highly reccomend this game. It's strengthened my drive to study Japanese. And at that price, why not?This is a good starting point for anyone interested in the Japanese language. (You can further your studies with online resources.)Repetition and JRPG mechanics go hand-in-hand, therefore, the more you play, the more you will remember.The mechanics of the game combined with lessons make for solid reinforcement of what you learn.As a bonus, there's also some supplementary vocabulary and phrases thrown in.The only downside is that I want a game like this for every language."
,Recommended,438270,24786855,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,KING_B,"So far, so good.I have been trying to learn Japanese here and there for a couple years and this game may be just what I need to focus a little more on it.I have learned Hiragana and Katakana plus some Kanji but always forget what I don't use so this game will be an awesome tool to keep it fresh and learn more ways to use it and understand it better."
76561198056760324,Recommended,438270,25608787,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ゆうれい,いらっしゃいませ。にほんごをおしえてください。　I can read this after playing this game. :)
76561198047563715,Recommended,438270,32978063,Posted: 29 June,all,risistor318,"I've spent like an hour and a half to 2 hours playing this game and I'm already capable of actually reading basic words in Japanese! This game is interactive and fun, the instruction is set at the correct level for absolute beginners, the artwork and style of the game looks great as a typical JRPG. I can't wait to play/learn more!"
76561197986300478,Recommended,438270,29495286,Posted: 25 January,all,Arisu,"As game, it's fairly bland. I could list a lot of things that could be improved.However judging this as just another RPG game would be doing it a disservice because that's obviously not what the developers were focused on. It's a tool for teaching hiragana, with a game layer to make it more interesting.And it works quite well.I do have some words of caution for potential buyers and possibilities for improvements for the developer's next games.1) The game teaches you mostly to read hiragana characters. There are a few words and sentences thrown in there aswell, but don't expect it to be enough to hold a full conversation or read any manga (except maybe those aimed at children?)2) The game does teach you how to write the characters, but it has no mechanics to reinforce it. Unless you actively work on writing the letters yourself, you're likely to only recognize the letters when shown, and not to actually be able to write them. A writing mechanic could greatly improve this (though you'd probably need a tablet to use that effectively).3) The game could do with some more repetition. The characters you learn are usually only shown in one particular area. Once you're past that area, you may not come across them ever again untill the last dungeon. This makes it very likely you'll forget at least some of them. Introducing words in battle sooner or a new game + mode where every character can be found in battle in every area might help here.That said, the game does a much better job in teaching a foreign language than I've ever seen in schools, even if it's only a starting point. Definitely try this if you're interested in either japanese language or educational games."
,Recommended,438270,21286652,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nessa Chu,"So, before anyone asks, NO, it won't make you have an actual conversation with a native japanese person.BUT. It makes you learn every hiragana, making it possible to read actual japanese words, except kanji ones, and even understand some of them.The reason I recommend this game is because the idea behind this game is just great.I mean, this game is kinda fun, even without all the japanese stuff.But if you also want to learn basics of the japanese language, just get this game. Be careful though, as I said, it won't make you speak japanese, it will teach you the very basics of it. But it does it really good. Get this game, really. It's absolutely worth the price."
,Recommended,438270,23589682,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Velorra,"I've played for only about an hour so far and have learned 15 Hiragana letters so far. The story is cute, and the repetitive teaching style is effective for me. Looking forward to ""playing"" more."
,Recommended,438270,21380451,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,wwpatterson,fun way to learn hiragana. looking forward to katakana battle!
,Recommended,438270,24471744,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sparky,"If you're interested in learning Japanese, but are scared of the monumental task ahead of you, this game is an excellent place to start. It's not just a gimmick, or bad JRPG with a language-teaching theme. It is a true educational tool that masterfully scales the learning from easiest to harder. You begin the game entirely in English, and the cute little story gives you enough to learn Japanese gradually to survive. Slowly you'll have gorgeous little hiragana and vocab lessons, and side quests will open that give you more Japanese teaching as a reward. Certain VERY clever events happen that require you to take little leaps with your new Japanese knowledge, but I won't spoil those for you :)The only downside is that the game itself is possibly a tad too hard. I would rather smash my Hiragana enemies (kindof like a battle quiz) rather than have them do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t attacks that damage my whole party and force me to reload areas. But just save scum often and it shouldn't be a problem!Ganbatte!"
76561198284599655,Recommended,438270,21303784,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,tiffanyhanus,"❥ Disclaimer: This is my opinion and others may not share the same views as me.►Disclaimer 2: This game is for hiragana only. Do not expect to speak Japanese after this.❥ Played: 7 hours►Currently located: Ghoul Ruins----------------------------------------I have had a positive experience with this game.  I currently have worked and lived in Japan for about a year now, and have had trouble learning the language. This being said, I have been exposed to the everyday Japanese language, and I can say this is a good starting place for people who like to play games and want to learn Japanese. Below is a list of pros and cons I have found within the game so far.-------------------------------------✱Pros:✱---------------------------------------❤ 1.)  The order the lesson is presented to you.Details: I really like the order they present the material(s) to you, and I think it is one of the best styles I have seen for a beginner learner.❤  2.) Defeating the ""hiragana.""Details: Although, this might be a minus for some, I like it. You have to constantly kill the same hiragana, but there is enough of a mix, that it does not get boring to me. Repetition is key to learning a new language.❤ 3.) The side questsDetails: The side quests are optional but give you the option to expand your vocabulary. I really like how they just don't focus on the hiragana alone. This and visuals are sometimes shown through out the side quests, which help! I have also learned a little culture from it, like types of food and drinks in Japan.❤ 4.) The ""lessons""Details: The lessons have a listening and writing part, which I really enjoyed. If you actually read what Misaki says, it gives you a lot of good tips! I highly recommend not skipping through it. The quizzes are nice. They don't grade you, just check your comprehension and do not let you go to the next question until you select the correct choice. (Although the monsters are not as forgiving. haha)❤  5.) The humorDetails: As you start in the game, the humor is quite funny. *At least to me*. (SPOILER: Leon's story about the pumpkins. The snowman in the town and the dog in snowleaf village, etc.)❤ 6.)  ""Bonus point crystal""Details: As you do side quests, you get bonus points which you can turn into the ""bonus crystal"" next to Misaki that you can exchange for levels.❤ 7.) Option to review with MisakiDetail: I like the option to review when you want to!---------------------------------------------------✱Cons:✱---------------------------------------------------✘ 1.) The storyDetails: The story is a bit ridiculous and it is sometimes hard to take the game seriously, but if you remember you are here to learn the language versus playing a game, a lot of this cons can be overlooked.✘ 2.) The interfaceDetails: There is some features I think that can be added to help the game be a little more smoother for the learner. One  is as you progress and learn more hiragana, the list obviously gets bigger. However, as it gets bigger no arrow/scroll is shown, so as a beginner you are searching through the big list of hiragana and not realizing there are more choices. I got stuck for a good 5 minutes the first time this issue arose. I could not find the choice, so I thought I had remembered incorrectly. Load and behold, I scrolled down on my mouse because I became frustrated and the list scrolled down and there were more choices! This seems so obvious now, but it might be a similar problem to someone else. In addition, I think the hiragana should have an hp box. It is a bit annoying not knowing how many more hits I have to do before I should pick the next pair. (For example: I might pick answer ""ko"" for the hiragana ""こ"" for ALL my players, and than the hiragana dies...and the player still attacks with the answer ""ko"" to the next mob...even though it is ""か"". I found this to be VERY annoying.) However, one you are in the area a bit, you start realizing how many hits the hiragana needs before it dies.✘ 3.) Too easy to ""escape""Details: For me, I like a little strategy in a game. So this might not be a con for some. Whenever you click the option to ""escape"" you always do. There is no real struggle. So I could go through a dungeon without practicing any hiragana. (You need to for money and exp though.)----------------------------------------------✱Other suggestions to the game that I feel are not critical but would help the game.✱---------------------------------------------1.) ❥ CustomizationDetails: It is a bit boring to not see the characters change at all as you give them new equipment or items. I wish I could name the main character too.2.) ❥ More variety earlierDetails: As I have progressed through the game, I did see change; however it is a bit of a too slow of a pace in my opinion.3.) ❥ Features to include:Details: Things that I think that should be added but not necessary. I wish as they attacked there was sound effects. For example when you answer ""e"", it would be nice if the character pronounced the hiragana. This gives repetition and makes it easier for the listener to remember how it is pronounced. There should be a feature where you can turn it off too, for the people who think it would be too annoying. Secondly, when you are getting exp, it will show a bar and +number of exp earned, but there is no numbers on the bar. It is not too annoying, and it might be cleaner for some gamers, but I like seeing the numbers. Maybe you can include a feature to add or remove numbers to both exp bars and hp/mp bars. Thirdly, when going to the inn to rest, it does not show you how much money you have. Although it is very cheap (only 10¥ and you should have it), it still seems weird not to see it. I would feel differently if it was free.  Lastly, I think when you save the game it should say where you are located. The only way I can tell the difference between the files is by the hours I have played.4.) ❥ More side quests + order they appearDetails: When the side quests are first introduced they all appear at once! I am an eager learner, so I tackled them all at once, hoping more would come as the game progressed. So far...NOPE. I think the pacing of the appearance of them should be fixed. The learned might either get overwhelmed or bored due to no new variety.5.) ❥ Stealing the little boy's  life savings from the vaseDetails:  I just think it is a sad feature, that maybe we should have the option to give it back.6.) ❥ Starting a new game (Option to skip dialogue or repeat it)Details: Although you can mash the ""esc"" key; It would be nice to skip, as a return player.7.) ❥  Double checking (Are you sure you want to quit?)Details: The game doesn't ask if you want to save or if you are sure you would like to quit, when clicking the ""x"". Same with selling things, it just sells it.8.) ❥ BOSS fightsDetails: I think it should be a BIGGER hiragana that changes as you hit it. This would be a bit of a variety OR you should introduce kanji!!  It can review the vocabulary we already learned....like ""犬"" (いぬ) [dog].  How to attack: the boss comes in and it shows the kanji + hiragana + english. After the monster gets to 75% the hiragana disappears, Than the english at 50%. I think it would be fun and challenging!9.) ❥ In game notepadDetails: Just a suggestion, but not needed.10.) ❥ Equipment tutorial.Details: It is a bit confusing. I self-taught myself but it is a bit frustrating not having a bit of a guide.-------------------------► Additional remarks:-------------------------✿ Great for the ""gamer"" learner!✿ The game is just $6.99 (at present), why not give it a shot? It is far cheaper than other options out there.✿ Remember to save your game a lot!"
,Recommended,438270,25460837,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 Arterius,"Most importantSome pronunciation of Japanese characters (Hiragana) isn't fully correct. Such as 'ku', ""ga', etc.In general it's a great idea and app. Gives some extra  motivation for beginners.Just keep in your mind that it's one more additional tool to learn Japanese but it's not the main one.Ganbatte!PS: Katakana War incoming. I’m looking forward to it."
,Recommended,438270,27579869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Globalwarmer,"This game is pretty amazing for an ""educational game"".Going in, I didn't know any of the characters in the Japanese alphabet. Now, I'm able to recognize Japanese characters and remember the sounds associated with them now.While I am capable of reading the characters, my ability to write them from memory isn't quite there yet. Part of the problem is, they show you how to write the letter one way, but the finished image they show you looks nothing like what you wrote. I suppose it's similar to the difference between a lowercase letter in print and an uppercase letter in cursive.Over all, I would recommend this to anyone looking to learn Japanese. I really wish they had this game available in other languages too, (i.e. Korean)."
,Recommended,438270,34403068,Posted: 21 August,all,794,"Very creative teaching mechanism that works quite well! If I had to crunch down on papers and paragraphs of strictly academic learning, there's no telling how much I'd lose focus and how much more drained I would feel after studying.Throw in characters, gameplay, sidequests, and buying new weapons and armor, and things are suddenly more interesting. Grinding to level up doesn't feel like grinding, it feels like studying.After 10 hours of gameplay, 9 of which is actual studying, I've got most hiragana memorized. Due to the fact some are more memorable than others coupled with the fact that some appear in the game more often than others, there are a small amount that take me a few more moments to remember.In any case, I'm very impressed with how effectively this game taught me. It probably helped me that I took two years of Japanese in high school some years ago, but by now I had completely forgotten most hiragana.I definitely recommend this if you want to learn hiragana in a fun and interesting way!"
76561198065054201,Recommended,438270,28796646,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,nobody willsee this video right?,"I am glad i decided to try this.before i tried it i decided that giving the authors a small amount of cash to support their goal was a good idea.even if it was not good, $7 would be well spent to encourage more programs with this goal of learning a language through a computer game.well it's actually well done and i think that for anyone that wants to learn another language this is a good idea.i can see that perhaps this format can be used for other languages.i have played for just a bit over an hour and i can see that this is going to cut into my EVE, Shroud of the Avatar, and Black desert online time.Bottom line;buy it. Even if you don't like the game the money will be well spent."
76561197964941352,Recommended,438270,28535818,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Newbie4life!!!,"Pro-Great at teaching you hiragana-Simple and easy to understand, with reviews and everything-Cheap-FF style random battle encounters with hiraganas to fight, making grinding educational (which all rpg players are used to)Con-Story is bad-too easyOf course this isn't about the story or rpg experience; it's about wether it can teach you hiragana well or not and it can. A good tip would be to grind and fight ecounters without running away, even if you know the hiraganas, the repetitions will force you to remember it."
,Recommended,438270,24125769,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sarah,"A literal JRPGI'm not far into the game so this is currently more a first impression than anything. I will update this when I am finished playing the game.I've only played about 45 minutes of this but so far, it's great at teaching. It's best to have a notepad/paper and a pen handy to write things down, the game will actually tell you to go do that if you don't have one there already. The game takes things slow and encourages good ways of putthing things into memory. It starts off simple, teaching you the vowels with their pronounciation, equivalent characters in English and character in Hiragana for each one. It lets you learn things and provides options to repeat stuff so you don't have to worry about missing things and if you note things down as it tells you to, you'll start to pick them up fairly quick.I like how it teaches you how to read, speak and write Hiragana instead of just focusing on just one of those as a lot of other things seem to try and do. It also helps that it acknowledges learning another language is daunting and difficult so I feel I can trust in it more. It defintely helps with holding my attention.Another thing I'm loving so far is that it's doing all of this within a traditional turn based RPG. So far it's fairly simple stuff for those elements but where it really stands out is that the enemies are Hiragana characters (potentially words and other stuff later on, I'm not far in) so that in addition to attacking, defending, support and item use, you have to actually understand the enemy in a very literal sense to damage them.That really helps with learning as it gives you just enough pressure to keep your brain working and the things you're learning will start to fit into place as a side effect of playing. Instead of learning a bunch of stats and different elements or whatever enemies are weaker too, it's another language. The game is also just fun so far and both the characters and the story are quite charming. This isn't a game that's concent with boring the player.It's not perfect as the dialogue text characters, the on screen characters and the how to draw/write animations for characters are all a little different to each other so it can get a little confusing when learning the correct way to write stuff but I guess that gets you used to different writing styles and it didn't get in the way much, I just wanted to make sure I was writing things down perfectly. That aside, I'm pleased with it so far and I would recommend looking into this if you are interested in learning Japanese."
,Recommended,438270,32659621,Posted: 22 June,all,Craven :(,"Just  Finish The GameAt least, you will remember every hiragana character  because you remember it by leveling ,and you also get some basic gramma and culture of japan."
,Recommended,438270,28294958,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,𝐓𝐚𝐫𝐮𝐧𝐚,いち、　に、　さん、　よん、　ご、　ろく、　なな、　はち、　きゅう、　じゅう．．．What are you waiting for? buy it already! 10/10
,Recommended,438270,25200057,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CheeseManGhoul,"Ever wanted to learn Japanese and not go through boring classes for it? Well, this game doesn't fully replace a class, but it works just about as well, if not better.Hiragana Battle is an indie RPG made to teach you the first part of Japanese: Hiragana, one of three character sets in Japanese. The game itself is your simple turn-based RPG with a leveling system and the plot isn't terribly rich, but it's entertaining enough to spend hours learning Japanese with.In Hiragana Battle, you will learn all 46 characters of the Hiragana character set (and its dakuten and handakuten variants) and a bunch of words from yes/no to household items and a few simple phrases, along with their Romanized (Romaji) variants to make it easier to understand the pronounciation as an English speaker. The Hiragana character set is surprisingly easy to get a hold of, taking about 14 hours of gameplay to learn, however I still find myself going back through and still having to look at my notes (which I very much recommend you do, especially on paper and pencil), so the memorization definitely takes time. My best suggestion is to do a single or two chapters a day, then grind out for a good couple days until you don't need your notes to defeat all the enemies, and then move on. I made the mistake of going through and just jumping to my notes when I found myself stumped.The game gave plentiful information to understand how the Hiragana set is written and pronounced, and gave many examples of words and a few phrases, but it didn't feel satisfying enoughbecause it just wasn't enough i must learn all the japanese and become the most weebbecause the game gives very minimal examples for conversation pieces, but it's permissible since its purpose is more-or-less get you hooked and researching afterwards.tl;dr: I give it an 8.5 out of 10; It's a very great way to get into the Japanese Language and learn a bit of it, but it doesn't have enough content to fully replace what a class/your own research would do. I very excitedly await the release of Katakana War, and hopefully a sequel after that for Kanji. It and Hiragana Battle will be worth the $6.99 each. I almost wish I didn't get it on a Summer Sale Price so I could pay full-price for this.ありか゛とうこ゛さ゛います!(Now to invest in a mini-keyboard with a Japanese character set. Copy-pasting off Wikipedia won't last me forever.)"
76561197988279283,Recommended,438270,25948274,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LadyErica,"I'll make this unusually quick. As a game, this is really bad. The story is some nonsense about a Japanese mage invading the world, or whatever. Who cares. The controls are simple, the graphics bad, the sound bad and so on. If you want a good JRPG, this isn't it.What this is, however, is a great way to get an introduction in Japanese. That mage I mentioned has a whole army of, uh, letters at his disposal, and the only way to beat them is to match the Japanese letters with the English ones. For instance, if the symbol for ""ka"" pops up, you need to pick ""Answer"", then select what you (think) the letter means. If you pick ""ka"", the enemy takes damage. If you pick anything else, the enemy won't. While this sound simple, keep in mind they usually attack in groups of two or three, and they really like to vary things around. So even if you are on your third ""lesson"" with the latest five symbols, you will still find the first symbols in the random battles you encounter. But this means that for once, grinding is a lot of fun. You are constantly getting symbols thrown you that you haven't seen in a while, so you really need to learn what they mean to proceed. (that's one reason why the game suggests you keep a notebook. Don't use it a a cheat-sheet (you won't learn anything that way), but it can be quite handy as reference.)Now here's the best part: When I started this, I didn't have a clue about what each symbol was. It's just a lot of nonsense to me. But after ony two hours of playing, I have a pretty decent understanding what 15 of these symbols mean, and many of them can ""transform"" into other symbols by adding a "" at the end. So the more you play, the more you learn. Of course, it's not like you're going to be fluid in Japanese after playing this game. Not by a long shot. But the game WILL teach you enough to give you a good starting point. Once you've mastered the basics by playing this game, you can move on to more advanced stuff. Read Japanese comic books. Play your favorite game with Japenese texts. Visit a Japnese forum.So to make the mandatory too long, didn't read:As a game, it's terrible.As a way to learn Japanese, it's fun, cheap and pretty darn good. Don't get this if you want a good game, but DO get this if you are interested in learning Japanese. Especially if you are like me, and have tried and failed all sorts of boring text-books etc."
,Recommended,438270,29857901,Posted: 11 February,all,skelledragon,"Great and effective way to learn Hiragana. I've always been bad at picking up on things like this, but after playing I can read pretty much anything written in Hiragana.If you do get into it, I'd suggest also playing Katakana War."
,Recommended,438270,32830559,Posted: 26 June,all,Letax CZ,"I haven't finished the game yet, but I find this to be a very good tool for learning hiragana.The plot is there just to give you an excuse to go on, and it successfully manages to push you forward.The game is almost too easy if you manage to quickly memorize the characters, but I suspect it doesn't aim to be punishing to not discourage learning. When your enemies are hiragana warriors, learning is fun. Teehee!My biggest gripe with it was when in lessons the characters were showing up written a certain way, but usually were shown a bit different when it came to writing practice. But I must commend that the game mentions that the characters can be written differently in different fonts, and is generally quite educational about it.The music can get a bit repetitive and the graphics are boring, but I guess that doesn't really matter for its main purpose.I do recommend it."
,Recommended,438270,29021086,Posted: 4 January,all,keitarosenpai,"Awesome! Very good starting point! Purchased two, one for myself and one for my wife. Will purchase a third for my son!"
,Recommended,438270,30645151,Posted: 20 March,all,China,"Buy this game if you want to play some turn-based RPG fights while learning the basics.Basically, fights in this game are pretty much like Pokémon games. You keep walking until you find your enemies.In order to hit them, you must know which word they are. For example, if you face く, you can only use your ""ku"" attack. Otherwise, you'll fail.It repeats every time in your battles, so you won't forget what you learnt!I always struggled with japanese because I always thought that Hiragana was hard to learn, since its words are all curvy, weird and similiar. Until I found this game, because now I think that Hiragana is the easiest alphabet!If you are somehow familiar with japanese language (know a few words and have seen a few other ones) you can learn the whole Hiragana alphabet in two-three days with this game.Plus, the plot and game's story is kind of cute and interesting.Absolutely recommended."
76561197989796464,Recommended,438270,27515278,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xXpenguintuxXx,"Great game! You really do need to take notes though in order to help you learn better. The explanations are very clear, and I really liked how we could go back and review lessons."
76561198097342357,Recommended,438270,21406540,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Anninha,"Great! Is actually really well made, is enteresting and actually works for learning the hiragana. Of course you have to take an active approach to learn it, like taking notes or going after as many battles you can. In all, great and very cute.And I would love a katakana and kanji one... Please?"
,Recommended,438270,30867206,Posted: 31 March,all,phx32259,"A pretty good way to practice what you are learning. I do feel like some of the lessons were rushed. For example, in lesson two you learn 5 hiragana and then immediatly learn 5 bonus hiragana with the teacher saying by adding two marks you make a new sound. If you are new to hiragana though, you haven't learned the k sounds and characters so making them into g so soon I feel is not beneficial. Something else I would like is for your party to say the sound of the attack they are using (if it is a proper attack) as it would reinforce the pronunciation. Over al this is a great teaching aid that makes practicing you Hiragana fun."
,Recommended,438270,29624846,Posted: 1 February,all,ryotaro,"alright, i took beginning japanese 1 this semester in college. the class is an extremely fast paced class, and the hiragana is what we're starting with. it seemed ♥♥♥♥ed to remember all of these characters so fast, but then i stumbled upon this game.god ♥♥♥♥ing damn if i just found the greatest♥♥♥♥♥♥ actually being able to remember the characters is exactly what i needed, and this game delivered. if this helps me pass this course, i'll buy 50 damn copies to support the devs.all parts of how the game helped aside, this is an extremely generic RPGmaker game, but with the addition that the battles are completely different, in the fact that the enemies are hiragana characters and your moves are the answers to what that hiragana character could be. all you have to do to not die and beat the game is just answer correctly, but this added level of game is what is helping me the most.overall would recommend to weebs and people who need to pass a japanese course they took as a joke."
,Recommended,438270,32185264,Posted: 4 June,all,ブラン Everybody Hates Miki,"I learned, yeah i know, it sounds crazy, but it actually works, why did i wanted to learn hiragana ? no ideas, but... not i can read jap i guessAnd go talk to the dog and the snowman, they're ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
76561198052076420,Recommended,438270,26277086,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,mpeijzel,"I really like this 'game'. It is both an RPG game where you fight 'enemies', and a learning system to learn some Japanese characters. You play as a female protagonist, and are visited by a female teacher, who learns you, and two of your male friends, some Japanese characters that you can use in battle, to make your village safe again.In my opinion, the developers succeeded in keeping your attention to the game, and still enjoy playing it.Learning a new language is difficult for me, but I discovered that with a little practice, even I could play this game.In my opinion, this game is definitely worth the money, especially if you are interested in the Japanese language. There is no knowledge required at all (but it helps a little bit if you have played some RPG games before, as the controls and options are similar to those in the RPG Maker games) - all you need is a pencil and paper - you need to write down the Japanese characters for future reference.Who thought that learning a new language was boring?  :-)"
76561198253401911,Recommended,438270,23829125,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jntk,"lazy to recite the Hiragana from the book,play this game instead .100%help in beginer learning japanese .10/10 will buy for Katakana verison (if they have)"
76561198004014060,Recommended,438270,25615376,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DefiantPanda,"I like this... It's like Final Fantasy with learning, which makes the grinding a bit more bearable"
,Recommended,438270,28810467,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Void Hexy Kitty & Architect,"Is still a very good way to learn , can't wai for the katakana one <3"
76561198013132245,Recommended,438270,25558448,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,huminado,"Learning is hard, and this game goes a LONG way in making learning fun and approachable.  Huge thank you to the developer for encouraging me.  Still they could do better.The fight sequences (where most of the reinforcement of learning takes place) are frustratingly slow.  There are just too many keystrokes involved for preloading a character's attack, and by the time I finished all of the characters I've forgotten what I had set them to.  So no immediate punishment for bad choices and learning is not very efficient.  Also there's too much wandering around to get to the next battle.  This is an okay introduction, but it is not designed with optimizing learning in mind - which is a shame because it would only take a few tweaks to the gameplay to make it much better.  Bigger enemy armies, and a snappier UI with fewer answers to choose from would help.Also in the battle phases there could have been reinforcement of the phonetics associated with the symbols, maybe as a symbol died.  So the game is mostly learning the shapes of all the Hiragana characters, but I don't feel like I'm getting hardly any practice with the sounds these characters make.  And because the order of the vowel sounds don't match the familiar ""a, e, i, o, u"" (instead it's ""a, i, u, e, o"") I find myself trying to rearrange the learning process in my notebook to have any hope of remembering the characters.The game is relatively modable, and changing the shapes of backgrounds and characters might make it even easier for beginners like me to learn quickly."
,Recommended,438270,33216340,Posted: 3 July,all,egao,"3 hours in and I still can't get this goofy smile out of my faceprops to the devs for making a rpg that's not shallow and at the same time being able to come up with a teaching method that makes you crave for more knowledge on top of being super funI'm getting the katakana one as soon as I finish this gamethanks again devsps: the soundtrack so far is really good too, super impressed with the quality of this."
,Recommended,438270,23815242,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,hiei05,"A fun way to learn Hiragana. Definitely recommanded.Less pain, more fun.Plus its on sale now, grab it."
,Recommended,438270,21268453,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Siersha,"I've never really written a review before. But, In the short amount of time I've been playing this game, I've learned 15 hiragana letters. The random encounters really help solidify the concept of the symbols since it gives you a reason to keep coming back to it and understanding what it is. I first scoffed at the thought of writing it thinking that it's simple a joke to do so. I'm telling you, it's probably not as easy as it looks! (At least for me). You will want to take out pen and paper to go through these these. It will help you remember better. And, most importantly, have fun and take a break every once in a while. Little known fact, (or possibly very known to be honest with you) taking a break after periods of study helps store knowledge from short term to long term. I feel like the game will be gold, as long as you pay attention."
76561198294744762,Recommended,438270,25067346,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GonzoElGringo,Should be put in schools
76561197965381263,Recommended,438270,21273694,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,House[SG],Not bad for a RPG game which teaches you how to read and speak japaneseEducational AND fun. How rare is that?10/10
76561198371056700,Recommended,438270,31689798,Posted: 11 May,all,Crunkmasta_G,"I downloaded this to help my girlfriend learn elementary Japanese before she takes it in the fall. Gotta say, this is a cleaver way to learn Hiragana. She seems to like it. Though to those that are wanting to learn the language and are just starting out, do not simply rely on this game. This game is a good supplement, but nothing beats good ole' fashion practice and repetition. 素晴らしい一日を"
,Recommended,438270,25302242,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Hvidyo,"using this to study for my college japanese class, its very useful, i would reccomend for any students."
,Recommended,438270,29080274,Posted: 6 January,all,Taleweaver,"Okay, fine, I'll recommend it. But I gotta be honest: it's just because it mixes two completely different items to an interesting result. These being a classic JRPG setting, and learning Hiragana. There's probably a more-than-average overlap between those who want both. I mean...I thought those crazy symbols were to hard to ever learn, but it provided an excellent entry for me.The sad truth is, however, that neither of these elements can carry the end result by themself.-I'm not much of a JRPG player, but this really is as generic as it gets. This game is made with RPG maker, and it shows. The storyline, the (attempt at) sidequests, the characters, sound and music...they're bland at best and shallow at worst. Fights are literally nothing but naming hiragana characters at infinitum. The levels you pass through are set up to be mazelike to increase your random encounters. Sidequests are (until now) nothing more than ""hey...here are a few Japanese words! You now have some extra experience. :) "".-at first I liked the teachings of the characters, and assumed this to be hard. However, it quickly turns out that it only uses repetition in order for you to actually learn the stuff. There are no mnemonic hints or visual tricks for memorization (hint: get the ""dr. Moku's Hiragana & Katakana"" app, and use it for about half an hour...it'll make all the battles in this game a chore). Worse: as your vocabulary grows, so does your list of attacks. I stopped playing at a point where I could instantly identify the enemies but couldn't be bothered to scroll down the nearly endless list of options. Dakuten should've been a submenu option, or we should've just be able to use our keyboard to type the sounds, but alas...here as well, things are better on an app (like ""hiragana - learn Japanese"". Aside from quizzing and fast typing, this also quizzes your ability to write hiragana).I can't deny that this game is more addicting than it should (I easily played two extra hours after determining that I would learn better on the mentioned apps), and has more charm than its technical shortcomings may indicate. As such, a thumbs up. After all, it doesn't matter how hard I can try to rationalize why the game isn't good if it has this huge a ""one more dungeon"" kind of feeling (and unlike most other games, you actually DO get something useful out of it :D )."
,Recommended,438270,30331006,Posted: 4 March,all,Cookie,Surprisingly fun and not bad for learning
,Recommended,438270,23758780,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GOduOfTheNorth,"I am recomending this, but it's really not the best. At best, it's a much cheaper version of Roseta Stone, and the information in the program is helpful, you will learn Hiragana. The problem is, in between lessons, there is a terrible JRPG. Bad dialogue, anoying, shallow, clunky gameplay, and a rediculously slow pace all stand in the way of learning Japanese. Despite all of this, it is still the easiest way to learn Hiragana. I kind of wish they would add mod support so that people could abridge the gameplay, or just make it smoother. I look forward to any sequals that feature Katakana, Kanji, or better gameplay... or better yet, just no gameplay."
,Recommended,438270,25402103,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cerra,"This game is a great tool to kickstart learning Japanese.I have tried to learn Japanese several times before with different methods, but I've never been able to stick with it. Most recently, I tried the Rosetta Stone software, but it's 'immersive' teaching style left me very frustrated. With Japanese being so different to english, I wasn't able to figure out much of what was being presented, and gave up quickly.Then I found Hiragana Battle. I flew through the game in a weekend, and gathered up the motivation to give Rosetta Stone another try. This time it went much easier. Having a basic understanding of what the language is built out of, and being able to sound out the written portions made the initial lessons much less overwhelming. Hiragana Battle also threw in a few grammer tips (like how は is often used to denote the subject) which made a world of difference in my understanding.Pros:Characters are presented in well organized groups, makes remembering them easierWell paced, new groups of characters are presented quickly enough to prevent boredom, but far enough apart that the old groups are sure to stick.Interesting enough gameplay to keep engaged, assuming you like JRPG style party managementCons:Lacking enemy group variety.No long-term practice. If you don't start using your new knowledge of Hiragana for something it will fade quickly.Hiragana Battle made it much easier for me to start learning Japanese with Rosetta Stone, and I believe it would work just as well as an addition to any other learning method."
76561198042602563,Recommended,438270,25720193,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,WayfairingStranger,"Excellent way to learn Hiragana!!  If you have EVER wanted to learn Japanese, then I would HIGHLY recommend this game.  I am old enough that learning a new language is slow (Heck, I couldn't learn a new language when I was young).  Actually I took a 12 week course on Spanish, and I have gotten more out of this game in understanding a new language in less than 3 HOURS of play time!KUDOS to the developers!!!"
76561197983622435,Recommended,438270,22995843,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[TWP].peroXside,"Amazing!Before I get into detail, I want to view this game from two different angles and review them seperately.Learning:This just blew me away! Within 10 hours of gaming split across two days I was able to master all the hiragana and learn some basic vocabulary. I spoke some japanese phrases beforehand but never bothered learning how to write so this was totally new to me.I found the lessons to be very well paced and never felt over- nor underwhelmed.Gaming:Likely made with some version of the RPG Maker, so adjust your expectations accordingly.I always liked the RPG Maker games so this was totally fine to me.The graphics are nicely done and quite fitting. Sound and music are your typical 8-bit retro RPG sounds, so don't expect an amazing OST.The story, while absolutely sufficient for this kind of game, is the only weak point. A very very basic RPG story that tries to take two interesting turns, but those are easily predictable. For this kind of game I don't see this as a bad thing though because you can easily take a break and absorb what you've learned without wondering all day how the story will continue. If the story was too good you might end up rushing to the finish in one session (which is totally possible) and end up with way too much to learn.Overall I can only recommend this game to anyone who wants to learn hiragana and I'll definitely buy the Katakana sequel."
76561198044540462,Recommended,438270,24506565,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Wolf,dis game is great a 10 out of a 10 great for poeple who wish to stared learn japanese but save the game all
,Recommended,438270,25929852,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sin2beta,"If you want help studying hiragana, this is a great tool. I've tried to begin learning Japanese for the past 15 years. But I've never really been great with flash cards as a learning style. It was always a side project, so I never really made, and most importantly retained, any progress learning hiragana.Surprisingly, a little under 12 hours spaced over a few months, and I feel pretty confident in the writing system. I'm moving on to beginning textbooks and rosetta stone with confidence. I'm writing all of my study guides in hiragana. Sure I have to look at a hiragana table every once in a while. But it is very rare.In terms of gameplay, it's not bad. Going through a huge menu of every sound you have learned up to that point is tedious. The story is ok for what it is. But all of that stuff is incidental. It kept my attention long enough for almost 12 hours of flash card study. That is impressive.There are a few bugs. Most notably, slow down during long periods of play. I am using mac osx, not sure if it is just the mac port. But if I play for around 2 hours in one siting, the game turns into a crawl. Almost mimics memory thrashing using all of the available RAM. A quick reset of the program fixes that though."
76561198021852415,Recommended,438270,21271368,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lovelace,Great and fun way to start practicing Japanese! Great rehearsal for the hiragana characters!
,Recommended,438270,24913492,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Yevseyev,"Wonderful game...This is the first rpg I've ever played. It has a nice story, very catchy music and in my opinion it's a good way to introduce one to Hiragana by fighting hiragana warriors with romajis. Throughout the course you'll learn all Hiragana syllabaries plus functional marks. In addition you'll also learn some useful words and phrases (, which you should note down as well as the syllabaries!) You can learn Hiragana even more effectively if you learn the syllables, words, etc. privately by your own. So, you'll always be prepared for each fight.There was a point in the game where I felt like fighting for nothing because the fights got a bit repetetive, but I guess that's because I'm not a big fan of rpgs and aren't experienced enough with them. I, however, fell in love with that game and I'm looking forward to playing the upcoming sequel Katakana War! :Dありがとうございます, developers!"
76561198379723370,Recommended,438270,31961917,Posted: 25 May,all,TheGreatJustino,Surprisingly good. Great way to learn the ****basics****
76561198094403199,Recommended,438270,30181856,Posted: 25 February,all,Choki_Wukong,"Think of it as flashcards with a plot. It's a campy, light hearted, and simple plot but it's still there for texture. If you're trying to learn Hiragana, this will definately help recogize the characters. As far as learning how to speak Japanese, well, I'm pretty sure that's not really the primary focus, but you might pick up a couple vocabulary words along the way. I've learned a couple words, but mostly this is about Hiragana.What we have here is a simple twist to a classic style of turn based, RPG combat system where you have to answer the characters name/sound in order to damage them. Characters being introduced to the player/student are pretty much just stronger monsters, meaning you are going to have choose the correct name/sound of the same character more frequently in order to deplete all their HP. This means if you need a refresher on characters that don't show up in later dungeons, you can go back to earlier dungeons and one shot some of the weaker enemies, but only after you rediscover its sound/name. It's a pretty clever dynamic that loans itself quite well to its medium.There seems to be a good mix enemy encounters, but a lot of the same arrangements of enemies repeat while others not so much. Having a limited vocabulary in Japanese, this is a bit of a concern for me.The frequency of different characters appearing in the random battles may of may not be in response to how often one might see them in everyday Japanese conversation. For example, the letter 'E' is the most frequently used letter in our language. I'm not sure what the most commonly used Hiragana character is in the Japanese language. Hopefully, whatever it is is appearing the most frequently in the Japanese language is also appearing the most frequently in the random battles of the game. Is this a drawback? Ambiguously.One thing you might want to do playing through this game is focus more on buying good armor. Not that the monsters are particulary difficult, but I find it helps you learn to not kill the Hiragana Warriors too quickly. Like I said, the combat system very much feels like using flash cards, and being able to use the same cards sooner, rather than later can be a big help for you. Omoshiroi, ne?Ultimately, I think I'm getting my moneys worth here. It's an inexpensive game that can help you out quite a bit. It's not going to build a massive hype train, but it's definately one of the more fun ways of learning the lettering system of another language. I paid seven bucks for it, got 8 hours out of it, learned a couple things, and I still have more hours of gameplay to put into it. I looked at some of the other reviews, showing some people managed to get 13 hours and even 16 hours out of this for only $7. Sounds like a good deal to me."
76561198149403359,Recommended,438270,26907561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,juan.manuel1987,"good game and the price is worth it, try to nominate it learning cathegory."
76561198110507904,Recommended,438270,25534521,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JessyNyan,This is great. I've only just started but I appreciate this already. Thank you.
,Recommended,438270,21970014,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Finalfanatyc,"Sometimes you actually DO need your hand held.  In my opinion this game progresses very well.  If English is your first language, then Hiragana looks alien. It can be Intimidating at times.  Early on, you don't get the impression that ""This is all over my head"". Each lesson is small with the right amount of repetition to keep you interested. Everything you learn in each lesson is easily accessed for reminders.On the game side of things, I think it was a really nice touch.  We can face facts. If you like JRPG’s, you likely buy imports since it’s not a very popular genre outside of Japan (Hence the ""J"" part). Some of them don’t exactly offer English as an option for Subtitles.I think the point the developers are trying to make with this game is crystal clear.  I also believe they have succeeded.  Ive enjoyed my time with it. I’m continuing to enjoy my time with it. I also highly recommend it.-	“You have your Pen and Paper right”? :)"
,Recommended,438270,21496891,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kasser,Still have not finished the game (less than hour so far) however the idea is very novel and I appreciate it a lot. Hopefully I will pick up japanese basic thanks to this game :)
,Recommended,438270,24337467,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheMountMaster,"Extremely helpful learning tool if you're trying to learn Japanese.  Teaches you how to write and pronounce all the hiragana along with some vocabulary lessons.  The story is alright, but the main selling point of the game is the educational software."
76561198126893207,Recommended,438270,25049904,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kuroyukihime,"Best Game ever for learning, had been on the book but no luck this game help me learn those basic 50 sounds in 2 weeks!"
,Recommended,438270,24308419,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ALOHA_KiTTY,"I took Japanese class in highschool back 7 years ago, so I bought this game hoping to refreshen my mind a little bit. And playing this game I must say it really does bring back everything I learned in Japanese class. This game breaks hiragana in bits in pieces making it easier to learn step by step. Not only that, its really fun to play because youre learning and challenging enemies so it makes it a bit more entertaining. The story is cute, and the repetitive teaching style is effective for me. Other than that, needs DLC for other kanji and katakana so I can study more."
76561198019641657,Recommended,438270,23899437,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mayuyu,One of the best educational games i have ever played. I went into this knowing a little bit of japanese but virtually no knowledge of Hiragana (The base written language of japanese). From around 8 hours of playing through this game i completed it and have expanded my vocabulary a ton as well as knowing how to read and write all of the hiragana characters. If you want to have fun while learning japanese i strongly reccomend picking up this game. Definitely looking forward to the sequel.
76561197990305348,Recommended,438270,31714326,Posted: 12 May,all,Lime Icing,This made me go from flirting with the thought of maybe learning Japanese to actually wanting to learn Japanese. 9/10.
76561198116541184,Recommended,438270,24691759,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Chubby犬,Hey! This is pretty good! After 8 hours I've learnt how to say けつをたべる
,Recommended,438270,24402073,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,HappyMorocho,"You can probably learn Hiragana using flashcards, but the JRPG experience, which was my first, really added to it. For what I paid, I think it was a great purchase. Also learned words CX"
,Recommended,438270,33153273,Posted: 2 July,all,JasonKillerxD,It is a pretty good game to help learn Hiragana and some phrases. story isn't that amazing. but a good learning tool.
76561198051496037,Recommended,438270,23851346,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Like Coexist,I dont need subtitles anymore when japanese people talk
,Recommended,438270,28152732,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,John147GHN,"Pretty good game and a nice learning tool for people like me that get easily bored with video tutorials. To get good fast at learning hiragana, play each turn like it was timed, this way having to learn the symbols becomes a natural process. Recommended for people that like RPGs and don't want to feel bad grinding a bit."
,Recommended,438270,33682139,Posted: 20 July,all,Lee Hazlewood,"Great way to learn the Hiragana alphabet and the very basics of Hiragana grammar. Had zero experience with japanese and played from start to finish.Production-wise it's basic RPG Maker stuff, but the educational content is great and well-paced."
76561198010276466,Recommended,438270,31230464,Posted: 18 April,all,Rheinwächter,"First of all: I like the general idea of this game quite a lot. combining fun and learning is always the best way to teach and hiragana battle does pretty much precisely that. it is the balance of the two that is worrying me though.frankly: the odd thing about hiragana battle is - at least in my opinion -  that the learning part is much more fun than the gaming part.yes, fighting the hiragana symbols by giving correct answers is a nice way to learn by repetition, but the rpg-part is at times too difficult and tedious. you never know how much health an enemy has- there are no hp-indicators. will one attack suffise or will you need more? will one strike instakill and the next attack on the same symbol be wasted? you just never know. initiative is unnerving and you often end up with half your team being hit or inconvenienced by effects like poisoning, sleep or paralysis, before you even had the chance to do some damage or counter the effects of the last round. you should constantly save the game because there is permadeath that throws you back to your last manual save and with battles as unpredictable as the ones in this game, the grim reaper always seems to lurk around the corner. one streak of badluck and your entire fellowship gets buggered with a fishfork. while the general controls are relatively intuitive and generally alright, inventory management and equipping are quite cumbersome.these are things you will have to put up with between lessons. learning the symbols, vocabulary and writing is way more satisfying than going out into a ruinous labyrinth, fighting two battles and then having to head back to your base village to heal  and revive your little party over and over again. but then i am not a very rpg-o-phile person and others might be quite happy to endure all that.if you are stictly looking for a japanese-learning program, have no experience with old rpgs and no patience, keep away from this game. if you like to play oldschool rpgs like the early final fantasys and on top of that learn some basic japanese, then this will be perfect for you. i do hope they refine the next title and make the game part less disruptive and more adaptable to the players preferences."
,Recommended,438270,29176541,Posted: 10 January,all,Giliac,10/10. Kinda cheesy but I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it!
,Recommended,438270,30800622,Posted: 28 March,all,Flint,Neat. Now I understand ひらがな without so many problems as before. Also I was a lazy ♥♥♥♥. I still am. But this helps.Neat.Really ♥♥♥♥ing neat.
,Recommended,438270,30215532,Posted: 27 February,all,Ultimate Waifu Hunter,"So, Learn Japanese to Survive! Hiragana Battle is a material I am using in addition to my Japanese course at my University.The game gets the job done. I hate studying, and as someone with ADD, it helps immensely to play games for me to understand the material. This game does that wonderfully, with just the right amount of repetition, and is actually kinda fun if you're into RPG maker games!The battle style is very simple: match the Hiragana to their sound in Romaji. It's very to the point, and not difficult.The story is mediocre, but the story isn't the main point of the game, so I understand why it's so goofy. It's about learning Japanese, not some epic fantasy adventure.All in all, if you want an aid to learning Hirgana, this game is great. Pick it up on sale for an even better deal."
76561198069159152,Recommended,438270,31213342,Posted: 17 April,all,wrb41977,"This game is... interesting. It teaches you Hiragana (which might be the easiest of the three Japanese character forms) by means of an RPG, where in order to defeat a rogue Japanese mage who is going around conquering defenseless villages, you have to defeat his Hiragana warriors (literally soldiers made out of Hiragana characters).So the game teaches you how to read and write these characters. And a small amount of pronunciation. Considering this is one of three games I bought because... well, I want to see if the English subtitles on some animes I've gotten interested in actually are correct. And maybe watch it without subtitles or dubbing..."
,Recommended,438270,29607972,Posted: 31 January,all,Deathtrix,"This is a fun and engaging way to learn Hirigana.I'd love to see more things like these appear for all kinds of languages, and it really gives you the groundwork to start deconstructing sentences that are written in Hiragana.For any who buy this game I advice taking the time across 2-3 days to complete it. If you play it and then drop it for any length of time you will probably have to start again.Also a notebook with Pen and Paper helps."
,Recommended,438270,26209685,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,m4rcus,"perfect learning game, does exactly what it says, you learn hiragana in about one to two weeks if you really try. Gameplay feels good , the story is nothing new but i keeps you motivated throughout the entire learning process"
,Recommended,438270,21681676,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Umbrolo_Jones,This game is amazing and only $7. Its enough of an RPG to keep you playing and it legitimately teaches you Japanese. I can't wait for the katakana wars sequel.
,Recommended,438270,23765037,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SwiftShadow,I would kill for a Kanji versionEDIT: Just noticed that ゐ (Wi) and ゑ (We) are not included. These two are rarely used but you should still include them since some people in Japan still prefer it
,Recommended,438270,29488597,Posted: 25 January,all,huskobon,"I came into the game already knowing Hiragana, so i'll put it like this. This is a very crafty game, and well developed to getting the player to understand the language. You could pay HUNDREDS for teaching tools to understand Japanese, or could get this game and have a good time!  I can't wait to try out Katakana Wars!"
76561198099136488,Recommended,438270,21279649,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,{FP$}Alexeyka,The only rpg that used repetitive combat as it should be used
76561198060807114,Recommended,438270,21270093,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,pretzelboiy,so ive tried learning japanese in the past and this is a great tool if your interested. buy it good little rpg that challenges u with learning the alphabet dat hiragana grind
76561198042304630,Recommended,438270,23756057,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,aeroprism,"I saw this on sale this morning and thought ""What the heck?""  Well? Amazing game.Forget the added bonus of learning Hiragana. This is an adorable, colorful and delightful old school RPG. The characters are fun, the visual are superb and the music is AMAZING.Seriously, if you grew up with 8 Bit RPGs just like I did, you're what... over 40?  You're NOT too old for this educational game.I sincerely hope for Katakana and Kanji sequels to this.  Would buy in a heartbeat.10/10, would learn again."
,Recommended,438270,23770638,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LOG3,"This is sooo awesome... I just learned Hiragana in a day, I bet in a few days I will be able to write it pretty well too. I am confident that I would survive in japan now!Why can't we always learn with games like these?It works so well its scary...10/10 would learn again--------------------Update: I trained writing and reading a few days after that, can now read and write Hiragana :D awesomeこんばんはわたしはのなまえろぐさんです"
76561198072461657,Recommended,438270,21268820,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Hardmode,"Perfect 5/7 so far...Definitely enjoying the game and learning quickly and effectively through a game thats enjoyable and entertaining...If your thinking about buying the game or learning japanese, buy this game!"
,Recommended,438270,21295334,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Penguin Alpha,"Great for beginners, kind of bought it out of curiousity. The game does its job well, teaching you the basics of Hiragana in a basic rpg game. The tip of having a notebook, you really should follow it helps alot."
,Recommended,438270,23914668,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,knightgam3r,I have enjoyed this game so much i don't care if you want to learn japanese or not this is a fun game! i am also really learning a lot and it's kinda freaking me out how much better i am learning this stuff then practicing on my own 10/10i will buy katana war and what ever kanji game they make!
76561198168250502,Recommended,438270,23867754,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,zyzz,"I bought this game because I'm japanese and I know the amount of japanese that a baby knows. I got this game and it was easy to begin with at the start. The controls are simple, the gameplay is interactive, and the teaching is unique and helpful. I've learned more japanese in this game in an hour than I have living my 15 years of life."
76561198158956485,Recommended,438270,24132788,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,catchanmol,Great game! Leant a lot! Can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,438270,24127298,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Darkrose))),Great game. I never spend time on the game so usefully.
76561198216732868,Recommended,438270,24111623,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ibamboo,"An efficient way to learn and remember all the hiragana characters within a week.Not only the characters, but also useful vocabs and sentences.すごい!"
76561197983825843,Recommended,438270,24223589,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bubblesrkw,I have only played about an hour but I love it.  My kids have started to watch and learn also.  They have an unique way of teaching which motivates you to continue learning.
,Recommended,438270,23785917,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,It's time to lewd ;v,"This is an extremely addicting educational game. I've tried self teaching learning Japanese using a few books, but that was nearly impossible. This game makes learning a new language somewhat easy and very fun. The combat reinforces the lessons to help you remember the characters. You'll need a notebook and something to write with since you're learning a new language (obviously). So far I've only gotten a bit over 2 hours in the game and I've learned a decent amount about Hiragana. This game looked promising when I purchased it, and it lived up to my expectations. I thought the combat and RPG mechanics would be terrible since it's an educational game; but the game is very solid. The lessons are at a reasonable size so you aren't overwhelmed and it gives you a few hints about the specific character you're learning. Don't forget to take as many notes as possible, it really helps. So far this game has been worth the purchase, a lot of love and work went into this game. If you're looking to learn Japanese you'll want to start with this game."
,Recommended,438270,23879157,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yung Koala,"I only have 4 hours down and I'm learning tons (whilst enjoying the music, artwork and gameplay incredibly)!"
,Recommended,438270,23976387,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dwarfio,"In about 7 hours, I completed this game start to finish with all items found and all sidequests fulfilled. I did not use a notebook or do any outside study/review--I simply played the game straight through. Days later, I can still read any word or sentence written in Hiragana, so the information has been retained. You could argue many things against this game, but you can't argue with results. Could I have learned Hiragana in an equal or lesser amount of time by using flash cards or a phone app? Possibly. I'll never know now, but I think I can safely assume that it would have been far less interesting. I was genuinely entertained while playing this game and enjoyed the time I put into it.PROS:-Effective teaching method. You MUST learn to progress, and victory is a fine motivator.-Story is cute if you're not taking it seriously.-Decent RPG gameplay.-Surprisingly good music.CONS:-If your ONLY goal is to learn Hiragana and you don't care about being ""entertained"" along the way, it's a waste of money and probably time. Just do basic drills.-Story is goofy as hell if you take it seriously.-Extremely low difficulty if you have a good memory. I did not use a single heal/revive item throughout the entire game.-Almost all battles are against a certain ""group"" of Hiragana (""s"" sounds, ""h"" sounds etc.). The game would really benefit from some sort of ""Arena"" mode where you could do comprehensive practice against random enemies.TIPS:-During battles, I highly recommend using your mouse to navigate the battle interface. Scrolling through and clicking the correct answers is MUCH quicker than flipping through with your arrow keys.-Put your money towards the best armor, but don't buy any weapons. The best weapons are found.-Pressing Esc enough times during a battle brings up an option to flee. Use this only if you're COMPLETELY SURE that you've learned the Hiragana for that particular area, and don't need any further practice with them. I only used it to get through ""backtracking"" portions of the game.Overall I'd give it a 9/10 for what it is. I don't think a game about learning Hiragana could have been made much better. Definitely looking forward to any sequels involving Katakana or Kanji, if I don't learn them myself before then."
76561198141281551,Recommended,438270,23871893,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jorgius,"I never thought I'd learn this much through playing a game!Sometimes it gets a little grindy (you have to kill the same characters over and over) but that helps memorizing those characters (so 'yay' i guess...).Only thing I'd point out is that the characters you learn at the begining stop appearing throghout the game, so by the end I didn't remember some of them.No achievements :(, but if you finish all side quests you get a bonus :)"
,Recommended,438270,24067637,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Allan (Shiryu) Valin,"The game is awesome if you want to learn and is willing to put some effort into it, getting yourself a notebook and practicing when you're not playing is probably a must if you want to learn and not only finish the game (if you don't repeat enough and give it time for your brain to remember everything, you'll probably giving up at the middle since you'll have forgotten the starting hitagana).PROS:- Can actually be used for learning;- It follows oldschool JRPG mechanics;- It has some twists in the learning process (like sometimes making latin letters appear as enemies intead of hiragana).CONS:- The repetitive music can get really annoying after some time playing;- You can't switch easily between characters in Equip menu;- Shopkeepers' menus have some delay opening;- There is little variation on the hiragana warriors groups' showed, it has about 4 on each zone I think (random permutations would be ideal IMO).I'm lucky enough to have a friend that lived in Japan during highschool, so he corrects my writing every now and then. Also, if you can get a notebook with squares instead of lines it would be for the best, since each stroke drawn has to be in the proper space. But I digress. Good game this one."
,Recommended,438270,23981016,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MevcutOnur,"Japoncanın bu kadar kolay olduğunu bilmiyordum. Japoncayı büyük ölçüde öğrendim. Verceğiniz paraya da fazlasıyla değer.Eğer Japonca öğrenmeyi gerçekten istiyorsanız bu oyunu alın derim.------------------------------------------------------------------------I didn't know that Japanese was this easy to learn. I learned a big part of Japanese. It's worth to the money you're paying.If you really want to learn Japanese, I say buy this game."
,Recommended,438270,23937300,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sailor Saturn,"This 2D novel-rpg about hiragana will kick your♥♥♥♥♥until you get learnt the whole hiragana :D10/10P.S. It's a lovely game with some quite nice mechanics like showing the correct pronunciation and spelling, also it has a pretty funny plot and you're gonna repeat a lot to learn hiragana"
76561198067111142,Recommended,438270,23957801,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SmG,"Actually a pretty addictive game, fantastic way to learn Japanese!"
76561198053786694,Recommended,438270,23965909,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Daenerys,Fun game to learn ;)
76561198067105436,Recommended,438270,24658663,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,N7injaElite,Excellent educational tool. I've struggled to learn hiragana on my own but this game has done a magnificent job of helping me on my way.
,Recommended,438270,21468459,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BlueCactus,"I'm only an hour into this ""class"" and I have to say that is this wildly ingenious and impressive. It helps so much."
,Recommended,438270,21328359,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,+̠̞ͮ͑͊͂͜-͚̰͓̎͗ͅ.͢,"As someone who has learned japanese before but has'nt used it for years, this game is a great refresher course.The side quests are especially good for remembering vocabulary!Revision is still important but it's a great start.The game is a bit simplistic, but when it comes down to it, its a great educational game that doesnt feel like a chore."
76561198118270819,Recommended,438270,21300086,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Walrus,"Holy crap. I've long been an anime fan and have been interested in learning Japanese for some time, but have never worked up the momentum to start learning. This is perfect for keeping you interested enough to continue. While the plot and dialogue are straightforward in the extreme, the mechanics of the game are solid and really help with retaining the knowledge. I've only played up to the first boss and completed the first two lessons, but I'm guessing the structure of the game won't change much. While the type of random encounters often derided in classic JRPGs is there, it is essential in helping you memorise the letters, meaning that if you need to revise a certain set because your memory is rusty, just go back to the area where that set is found and wander around.You will need a pen and paper so you can learn to write all the characters and keep notes if you wish, but other than that all you need is a curious mind and the suspension of disbelief.Well done Sleepy Duck Games! I look forward completing this game and to similar titles when this is successful."
76561198082900939,Recommended,438270,24596894,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Koshin,"I'ts a really fun jrpg to play! teaches you important words,and helps out on pronunciation and grammar. finished it in a week with writing out the characters on papers, and I can now read hiragana and fairly write it. Replay through the game for even better results!Great suggestion if you want to further learn the language is to back the project on kickstarter! Can't wait for katakana war :D"
,Recommended,438270,25704061,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,klintwoo,"Introduction to the Hiragana part of the japanese language. The developers are also working on a Katakana part to be released later. You learn by succesfully ""defeating"" hirgana enemies by translating them correctly. On the developers homepage you can also buy studyguides in digital or paper form among other things. If you dont enjoy studying the traditional way (through books) this game may be for you. As far as i have gotten the impression this is supposed to be a introduction to tthe japanese language, and you are likely to need further studies after finishing this game if you wish to truly learn japanese."
76561198033249217,Recommended,438270,25576817,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SonOfMyParents,"A fun and easy game what's helping you to get to know the japanese hiragana.You get the uportunity to start learning how to read, write and speak it, what's very helpful for the people who want to get started and learn japanese"
76561198107630906,Recommended,438270,21285763,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Valley,This is a must buy if you are learning Japanese. Hiragana is very important when understanding and learning Japanese. Its important to know that hiragana is the foundation for Japanese words. If you learn Hiragana you will be able to understand almost everything in the Japanese language (hiragana makes up kanji characters). If anything they need to come out with DLC so you can learn katakana and kanji. I know most of the language aready but I feel that this game can really help beginners to grasp Japanese a whole lost better then way i learned.P.S. Maybe the otaku and weebs will start saying♥♥♥♥♥♥right if they play this.Because I know we are all sick of that crap.
,Recommended,438270,24306424,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Smokagon,This game is a great way to learn Hiragana and the basics of Japanese vocabulary. If you are interested finding an effective way for learning Hiragana then you shall not look any further as you found what you've been looking for.Pros:- Fun and effective way of learning and memorizing Hiragana- Visit different places as you may already be familiar with from other RPGs- Awkward but hilarious fights- A fair amount of Japanese wordsCons:- It might be too hard at the beginning for some players- The typical random appearance of enemies might get nerve-wracking- No nudes (sorry to disappoint you)To sum it up I would give this game a solid 9.9/10 (cause no game is perfect :O)
,Recommended,438270,25676040,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Archers_Sabre,This is really interesting and useful
,Recommended,438270,24243144,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ＧＬＩtch,This  game saved my life (in my trip to Japan)
,Recommended,438270,24042903,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ethelshai,"If you want to learn the basics of Japanese, it is a very interesting game.I was a bit unconfident about being able to remember the Hiragana symbols, but the game is cleverly designed and allows learning through repetition thanks to battles. If you don't know the enemy, you can't hit them.I should also mention I am playing the game the hard way without taking notes (to see how well it's possible to do just by memorizing as much as possible), and I'm pleased to notice that remembering Hiragana is actually a pretty smooth process despite their complexity. Within about 1.5 hour, I became familiar with about 15 symbols.Clearly a game to try if you're interested in Japanese, or if you also just want to have fun with an original turn-based RPG :)"
76561198054504274,Recommended,438270,21318873,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Tyranics^3,"This is probably the best thing that I can find for me who has ADHD and wants to learn a language, especially one such as an Asian dialect (and more importantly Japanese).  I love the mix of the JRPG and language skills as well as the humor (and there is plenty of humor).  It  takes a special kind of person to enjoy this but there are plenty of people who would get a lot out o this game if you take it seriously as a way to learn basic hirigana and grammer for Japanese."
,Recommended,438270,23845526,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hastaga,"This game is actually useful, very useful. So useful that I have to write a review to testify for it.I play 1 level a day, 3 days in i've already learned 25 hiragana letters and some vocabs/short phrases.This is the least boring way i think, and somewhat fun, for people to learn Japanese.Keep in mind this is more of an educational piece of work than an actual game :0) Or, the only game in this era that can be justified with repetitive grinding, excessive backtracking and overly simplistic dungeon design.Don't try to punch through it, that's not the point of playing this 'game'. Part of the reasons why I play only 1 level per day is to keep myself interested."
76561198101604779,Recommended,438270,22890714,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TheScrupulous,"I think this game did very well in teaching hirigana in a video game format. I learned that hirigana is only a fraction of the Japanese language but it is the beginning and the foundation of llearning this language. It is definately more fun than I classroom and I recommend this if you want to start learning Japanese like I did when i got this game. Am honestly the game is not difficult like some people would say. When you're learning a lesson write everything down and make a cheat sheet to help you memorize the hirigana. THen it's a easy, breezy, kinda silly, adventure to save your land and Japan."
76561198079407678,Recommended,438270,24147487,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,damamirlo,"I've been playing non-stop for a few hours and I only have two questions:1. When do we get the katakana version?2. When do we get the kanji version?To be honest, the game is pretty simple. I wish the plot was a bit more interesting. I wouldn't mind playing something like any Final Fantasy, only changing every enemy for the kanas, and being forced to fight back remembering which is which. Maybe the game plot is not the best ever (not yet), but you can't ask for wonders at this price. However, I've been practicing kanas for three hours without being bored: so the game fulfills its purpose.I would love to see more of these games. This has great educational possibilities."
,Recommended,438270,31610290,Posted: 7 May,all,Lanif,"FANTASTIC learning material to get the basics of Hiragana, though you do very much need a pen and notebook to practice and learn the characters.Dialog can get a bit cheesy, but what edutainment isn't? <3 Looking forward to buying Katakana War and the upcoming Kanji game as well!"
,Recommended,438270,28639866,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MikeSoes,"Love this game so much!!! and now this game is one sale so I can get it in cheaper price. I love how this game make us feel enjoy when study hiragana. Like in other RPG, we have to kill bunch of same enemies. It makes us can remember it slowly.One thing that I want to mention, I am a bit confused about the written in the animation and the windows style are different, like in Sa ""さ"" Which one is correct? Btw I'm more comfortable with the windows style."
,Recommended,438270,21914131,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,piquina,"I've just finished the game! I truly loved it! It truly helps you out to learn. I was surprised it even teaches you how to write each hiragana character. Great tips too! I'm in love with it!My suggestions would be:1) Once you finish an area or specific quests, it could be great to have quick shortcut portals to move to other cities faster.2) Music gets repetitive when in fighting mode with Hiragana Warriors at the beginning. Keep in mind we want to repeat areas as many times as possible until we fully memorize the characters. So it would be great if music were random and with a wider selection. Not just same everytime. I truly loved the music at the ending and overall!! Cutie Anime style :).3) If you are a woman, japanese pronunciation should be studied from a Japanese female voice because male japanese voices are really different. If the player is a boy he should learn male pronunciation. It could be good to be given this option too.4) More vocabulary quizes :).Thank you!"
,Recommended,438270,24230298,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jarl Thor Beerson pornhub.com,"Awesome software to start learning Japanese from scratch,9/10even tho I have a terrible memory, this game is making me remember the characters really fast.don't cheat, you would only cheat yourself.pros:cute and simple style resembling old rpg'seasy and intuitive controlssimple way of practicing learned knowladge thru battlescharacter draw animations and description with recording of the pronounciationcons:at low levels the battles are bit boring, having to repeat answer to the same character multiple timesbattles get repetitive, but thats pretty much the purpose, as you play to learn (and repetition is the best teacher)honestly, it would be10/10if I could run this on android"
76561198026633656,Recommended,438270,32059832,Posted: 30 May,all,Toshiro,"I find this title to be a good little RPG with a nice educational purpose. Since I already knew Hiragana before starting this I might not have been the best target group but even so it was good to brush up on them.Some parts of it was well thought out, such as learning a few hiragana at a time and progressing though the story, but some were not so, such as hiragana often coming in a very specific order in the combats which kind off defeats the purpose as you can almost just automate the combats.I liked the side quests available that had the intent of teaching the player a bit more about Japanese culture.All-in-all it's a good title and recommended. I would like to see achievments and trading cards added to it though for even more enjoyment."
76561198079353605,Recommended,438270,23959866,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iushhh,"If you like RPG maker type game and want to learn japaneese, i would say..... why noooot ! :o :3Learn Hiragana or they're going to destroy the world. It's chaos. No time to waste !I started to learn japaneese few weeks ago. After not practicing my hiragana for a week or so, i had a small blank and i decided to buy this game. Just to refresh my memory and to practice. I think it's pretty complete. They put vocabulary too, some 'particules' of pronunciation... For my part, i think they try to make this game casual and funny. I think it worked out pretty well. You may still need a little bit of practice on your own tho, like writing down the hiragana often, read them out loud, etc. But this game makes hiragana learning more fun.If they're doing a katakana version or kanji, i'll definitely go for it !"
76561197990024016,Recommended,438270,35251991,Posted: 27 September,all,Aperture Science,"Don't understand the bad reviews. This ""game"" is here solely for those looking to learn Hiragana in an easy way. If you're not interested in learning hiragana or japanese, don't buy the game. I went from knowing absolutely nothing about Japanese to being able to read Hiragana and having a small amount of vocabularly memorized after completing the game. $6.99 is a fair price."
76561198143095523,Recommended,438270,31475582,Posted: 30 April,all,kclyaine,"Well I learn abit of fundamentals in Japanese before I played this, so the learning part is kinda boring for me. Though the story for this game is quite common but it does piques interest on those who wants to learn Japanese.It's a bit time consuming especially the fighting part since you have to find the right word for the right character. And also, there's so many monsters spawn which making it more gruesome, but you can just escape the fight especially when I'm fighting against 4 characters.The BGM for this game is awesome. The art is ok. Overall, this is a good game.P.S. I found a bug on this game. When I went back, from Japan to Snowleaf village just to use the inn so I could save money. I went through Sunnyville village instead of going to the boat directly, and my character became invisible. I went in and out in the city to see if my character would appear again, but it didn't."
76561198010176044,Recommended,438270,30497917,Posted: 13 March,all,Xifortis,"The story is pretty bad and you won't be playing it for the characters, but it serves as an excellent way to learn hiragana through a visual and interactive way. The game slowly introduces you to Japanese Syllables and Vowels and then makes you go out to and ""kill"" these Japanese symbols by using the correct english translation as attacks. It's a bit grindy, but there's alot of satisfaction to be had from mastering all 46 hirigana's.You'll suprise yourself in no time when you start to translate words you see written romanji ( japanese words written out in the letters we are used to like ""sensei"" ) in Hirigana automatically.In short, it's an excellent tool to lay down the ground work for studying japanese in depth or merely practising your Hiragana skills. Who knew you could study japanese by grinding random encounters in a RPG."
,Recommended,438270,34319992,Posted: 17 August,all,初音ミク,"battling in every area except town, well acctually thats good because we wil remember the hiragana....its will be boring if we dont have goal to learn itits good game to learn"
,Recommended,438270,34517837,Posted: 26 August,all,dottierdoughnut,"There are a few improvements that could be made but, overall, this is a really great way of learning Hirigana. It is especially good if you get the flash cards that they sell on their website to go along with it!   I will certainly be using the next game in the series to learn Katakana and I hope they come out with a Kanji version soon!"
76561197974921915,Recommended,438270,26214154,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Matriarc,"If you want to learn the basics and some intermediate level ofJapanese and Hiragana, this is the perfect game.11/10 - Have fun, while you learn."
76561198065272179,Recommended,438270,23772130,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GAABBE,"It's on Steam Sale for a couple bucks, and you should totally pick it up if you have any interest in learning Japanese. The more you farm the more you study. If I could learn more languages in game form, I'd be omnilingual. As expected, the RPG element is a little slower than your average, but it also has to teach you stuff the same time, so give it a sec. It is an awesome experience so far guys."
,Recommended,438270,28133242,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Post-Ironic Lolicon,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing weeaboo
,Recommended,438270,27241111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyoshin,B-B-Baaakaaa
,Recommended,438270,30001606,Posted: 17 February,all,Kurenaioto紅音,"This is a great game so far. I love how it uses a turn based system to remember those pesky characters. Although, when I say this I can not emphasize it enough. SAVE OFTEN. This game has a tenancy to crash every so often..."
,Recommended,438270,24178776,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tryolo,クソweeaboos
76561197971651541,Recommended,438270,30530058,Posted: 15 March,all,SunZ,"LOVELY!!! What a nice way to learn a language, only played 20mins so far, but will totally do some more later!!! :D"
,Recommended,438270,24023158,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cirno,When you will end this game you won't be casual weeaboo. You will be casual weeaboo who knows hiragana.
76561198010565653,Recommended,438270,29854965,Posted: 11 February,all,Trysk O'Chvost,Great game for learning the hiragana alphabet and some basic vocabulary. Every language-teaching game should be made like this.
,Recommended,438270,29462758,Posted: 24 January,all,MrLostCoz,This is honestly a very fun and interactive way to learning a language. The mechanics of an rpg literally hand themselves over it. My one downside to it is that I wish there was an easier attack menu as having to scroll up and down came fairly quickly and that was lesson 3 (thanks Dakuten).I do hope other languages will come in this format in the future.
76561198064343093,Not Recommended,438270,25878878,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Skulldogx♘,"I more in the neutral review. I do not find this game to be too bad but at the same time I found it to be not enjoyable either. I brought this game to help me improve my reading when it comes to reading hiragana because at the moment am finding it difficult to read, I found the game kinda lacking when it came to the story it felt kinda boring and made me feel like it was a chore to progress. I found the battle system to be interesting fighting hiragana but felt the menu  very clatted with english romanji which made it more annoying to delt with, I would have like the option to turn that off and just have just あいうえお which is a better term to rely on then English romanji。this game is not bad for some one new to learning Japanese but at the same time your best bet is reading from a actual text book and self teaching."
,Recommended,438270,24326220,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,吸血鬼,"Nice, it took seven and a half hour to start read hiragana."
76561198119600942,Recommended,438270,29019461,Posted: 4 January,all,Abu,"In start, when I first started playing, I liked this. It felt a good breath of fresh air. After being able to dig in, and see, especially post patches. This game just falls, on so many fronts. Despite that, it has some good things.Pro catagories:Good GraphicsGood MusicGood AnimationsGood Sound DesignGood Religious DesignGood Diplomacy Interface (Outside of a few issues.)Con's:Stupid AI (Even Post Patch)Horrible UI (Game seeks to hide information almost from you at times.)No penalties for going tall and wide. (And stupidly easy to do so.)War solves almost every problem. (So many ways to bleed folks offensively and defensively.)Ai feels stale and uninteresting.Diplomacy with the Ai is never worth it. (What it will agree to in weakness, is suicidally stupid. Or demand, equally so.)Difficulty again just gives the Ai free units, not stronger design.I wanted to hope this would be good. I love civ. I've countless hours in 1-5, and loved them. But this design just hurts it, maybe, just maybe they can salvage it in a dlc. But I don't have hope they will. Avoid until its under $25, maybe might be worth it then."
,Recommended,438270,24069029,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,not miraie,"If you already know Hiragana, this game MIGHT be boring to you. The story is quite interesting as you need to know how to pronounce/read the word in able to progress the game. I personally understand Japanese and the only thing I'm complaining is we are unable to skip the part where the Japanese teach us how to read, pronounce & write.Overall the graphics are ok, it reminds me of other Horror JRPG like Misao, Ao Oni, Mad Father.I rate 9.8/10 a,i,u,e,o, ka,ki,ku,ke,ko."
,Recommended,438270,21286362,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Elarith,"Solid Mechanics, and a fun way to learn! Brilliant game!"
76561198064967768,Recommended,438270,21277321,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Fireaxe99,This game is very very enjoyable. It combines learning into a very neat older era RPG turn based style game. The learning is very well paced and works well with the battle system of knowing the characters in order to defeat them. Definitly glad that I purchased this. 10/10 would recommend!
,Recommended,438270,21472332,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dondonian,"This game is really high quality, No clue why they made Eric a ♥♥♥♥♥kin though..."
,Recommended,438270,24507418,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Big C,If you're like this then you're ok playing ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBfWKmRFTjM
,Recommended,438270,23760235,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Eatkamisama,"The developers did a great job putting together a game that was both fun and educational. I would reccomend this game to anyone looking for a fun way to learn Japanese and also like playing the old pokemon games. This game is very similiar to pokemon, so if you like pokemon you should enjoy this game as well.Although for me personally it is quite boring and repetitive, the repetition is what gets all the material into your brain. The diaglogue isn't the best, heck it's even cringy sometimes but whatever. Combat system is meh, exactly like the old pokemon games. All in all, I liked the idea but this game is very settle which might not be suited for everyone.This game does what it advertises and if you find this game on sale, consider purchasing it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,438270,28659726,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,auwiiwuaauwiiwuaauwiiuaauwiiwuaa,46 hiragana characters/10would spell oppai again.
,Recommended,438270,29598819,Posted: 30 January,all,Soah,"If you've been wanting to learn Japanese, but dislike learning in a classroom setting, this is the game for you. I had tried using programs like The Rosetta Stone, but to be frank, it wasn't the type of teaching style that really stuck with me. Being able to learn via playing an RPG is brilliant!To get as much as I could out of the game, I went out and purchased a note book and flash cards. I wrote down everything that I learned from the main lessons and the side quests. So far I've only made flash cards out of the Hiragana characters themselves, but I take them everywhere with me and just practice as much as possible. I highly suggest doing this as well, the only real way you're going to get a new language down is memorization via repitition. While the game is really good with that, it never hurts to continue doing you're own thing outside of the game.Even if, as a game, it's pretty basic, I wasn't in this for the gameplay. Even then it still kinda hurt a little how bland it was. It's a small gripe, but a gripe none-the-less.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone that has trouble (or can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with traditional learning styles! My save file ended up clocking in at around 7 1/2 - 8 hours.I completed this just in time for the Katakana game, huzzah! Looks to be more waifu centric, hopefully the gameplay has improved!"
,Recommended,438270,24053304,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,I'll write the full review in japanese soon & prove that this game can teach you Hiragana(Basics of japanese language) pretty  damn well. Katakana DLC is coming soon. Kanji will follow(hopefully).
76561198006514123,Recommended,438270,21377278,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rogal_Dorn,"Walking into this game with absolutely zero japanese knowledge I found that after a little over an hour of game play I had learned 15 characters and I had afull page of notes already.  The lessons are a bit tedius, but the simple fights do a lot to reinforce it.  Plus...cute story and characters.  Well worth supporting and I hope others make games for other languages."
76561198138431958,Recommended,438270,28683004,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GreenCnC,"9/10Game is very fun, no questioning that. Its educational in a rpg. Love it! Wish there were more like it, cant wait for next one to be out, but from what i seen it looks like their the same? I may be mistaken.Dislike: Wish they would do one where its only words and pronouciations, not symbols and how to write them.Overall was very interesting and will deff buy the next one, on the day it is released to steam."
76561198071043430,Recommended,438270,23039971,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hamwars,It's a fun game and very helpful! I only played 10 hours but i learned a lot.
76561198038797115,Recommended,438270,23046341,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,xxarwindxx,Amazingly enough i learned ALOT of Hiragana from this! Dont go into this expecting a great story but expect a great learning tool.
76561198034211569,Recommended,438270,34896422,Posted: 12 September,all,Sundreamer,"Love this game. It's a fun way to learn Japanese, in a RPG form with the classic pixel style of ""Secret of Manna"".This paired with the Duolingo app and flashcards app, i should be able to master Hiragana easily.I started with Duolingo, but there are no explanations to grammar or the sorts...it just starts using words and building sentences before ever explaining how to actually build them or deconstruct them for your understanding, so i'm very grateful that this game actually goes into more detail.The only negative thing I'd have to say about it is the amount of battles you get into. You have more battles than steps you take! (obvious exaggeration)Can't wait to finish up and get to the katakana game and i hope you bring out a kanji game as well! Take my money!"
,Recommended,438270,35193107,Posted: 24 September,all,"2,4-DNPH",As a Chinese student who speaks English and Chinese and is trying to learn Japanese this game is very useful to me.P.S.: Where is my sword keychain??? Can't find it in backpack.
,Not Recommended,438270,34754269,Posted: 5 September,all,Shine,"As a learning toolThe game does a fairly okay job at introducing the player to each hiragana character, though with some problems.It introduces the characters in sets, showing each one to the player and providing the sound and how the character would be written on paper. This would be fine, if it were not for the very poor choices in fonts which don't even remain consistent in the game, switching between caligraphy styles and more web-safe fonts.Other than that, having to 'kill' each character repeatedly over the course of the game is a solid way of giving the player the chance to memorize each character's associated sound. The game also provides minor side lessons on actual words which help show how the characters would sound when pronounced together.As a gameThis is where everything falls apart. You have to REALLY enjoy retro JRPGs to wade through this incredible mess.The game is blatantly a very poor RPG maker product, including all the out of the box issues with no added quality of life enhancements.Moving around is a pain, everything looks bad visually, battles are incredibly tedious and frustrating, the game demands you grind for levels, and worst of all: Featureless maze based dungeons.TogetherThe issuesLearn Japanes to Survive! Hiragana Battlepresents as a game, seriously hinder the quality as a learning tool. The point of a learning game is to make learning interesting and fun, and this game did not do it. Battles were the main flaw, though wandering through empty mazes  while being battered with random encounters helped bring everything down.The idea of the battles was fine. Fight hiragana characters by attacking them with the matching sounds. This was a good idea. The issue a culmination of having a long list of sounds to search through everytime you want to hit something, not being able to click directly on the character once you have the selected sound, then having to do this for each member of your party even if there's not enough characters to go around, possibly multiple times during the battle if you're not strong enough to kill the characters in one hit,  and then waiting for the battle to play out.It would have worked much better if each fight was always 4 characters lined up, one for each party member, selecting the sounds for each, and then having it all go down at once with one-hit kills. Incorrect selections would of course result in party members taking damage, and any surviving characters would need to be attacked again,but only by the party member they were lind up with.Hell, even a fast forward button for combat might have made it a less mind-numbing experience."
,Recommended,438270,24190854,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,uberly bored,i hate anime
76561198109893426,Recommended,438270,23638328,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,grimdarkOtaku,I Really Enjoyed This Game. It Helped Me Quite A Lot With Starting To Learn Japanese And I Am Very Glad That I Found This Game.
,Recommended,438270,30845129,Posted: 30 March,all,Sailor Mars ♂,NOW I CAN BECOME A WEEB
,Not Recommended,438270,34070511,Posted: 6 August,all,WispyMouse,"This is my second japanese game, after playing Learn Japanese To Survive! Katakana Battle. I'm glad I played that one first, because I don't think I would have given it a shot if this was my introduction to the series.There's too many frustrations to enjoy the experience. On the learning side, the ""how to draw"" segments are painfully ambigious for some characters, making it hard to tell when a stroke is actually connected. I wish they would show us the font's rendering of the character during these segments, so that I can tell how to *actually* draw it. Additionally, vocabulary is almost always ""here's the word, next"" rather than any reinforcement learning.The gameplay itself, though, is painful. Without a lot - a lot! - of grinding, basic encounters will shred your party. This makes for a very frustrating gameplay loop. I wasn't actually able to finish the game; I got to a point where there was a gauntlet of encounters without healing between, and I couldn't pass it without committing to a lot of grinding. I did cover the entire alphabet before tapping out. The encounter rate is very high, and the map design requires a lot of back-and-forthing, making combats a nuisance. Eventually I just started running from most of them, which probably contributed to my under-poweredness. Enemy encounters were frustratingly non-varied; most areas seem to have only two different sets of enemies, rarely going back to earlier characters.I recommend this series' Katakana battle, but you're probably better off learning Hiragana somewhere else."
,Recommended,438270,23770463,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ෝ,それはいいですね
,Recommended,438270,26241324,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Red-Eyed_Fairace,"it sure is educational and entertaining. I just got a few mins but still, it's really a good way to learn the Hiragana.PS. DONT BUY IT ON SALE. IT'S CHEAP ALREADY, BUY IT AS THE WAY IT IS.."
,Recommended,438270,23752462,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,bingostar826,I know a REALLY good To Zanarkand ripoff when I hear it ;)
,Recommended,438270,32875846,Posted: 27 June,all,CoolMeow,good
,Recommended,438270,23765987,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nuclearzappa,All I can say is there is a talking dog named Steve. Oh and it's the most helpful language game since I used to play the Dorling Kinderly CD roms back in the day.
,Recommended,438270,28763356,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AlfakleNaN,"It's an interesting game, too bad I already know Hiragana..."
76561198020466221,Recommended,438270,23759834,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Esla,"I only played a small amount of time but its very good.. I stop playing for now coz im getting dizzy, too much information :D"
76561198018558017,Recommended,438270,29584710,Posted: 30 January,all,Poptheweasel100,"When it comes to learning a language, you have to take measures, tests, and do your best to drill all that info into your brain. It's not easy, especially if you forget easily.Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle is one of those multi-genre games that, with the separate gamemodes by themselves, are very bland and unimaginative. But together, it's a fantastic game that can teach you how to read Hiragana in 10 hours.The learning part is simple. You learn a letter, learn the writing of it, and the pronunciation. Rinse and repeat for the next letter. By itself, it gets the job done, but there's a guarantee that you will remember some, but most likely not everything.The JRPG part is nothing special either. You have to translate the Hiragana warriors to kill them. By itself, it's very bland and generic, and has the feel of a old NES RPG, with it's simple mechanics and no auto-targeting system.But together, it's a fantastic contraption. The JRPG part REALLY drills the letters into your brain, as you need to remember to keep going with the game. The lessons are well thought out, and it's a really fun game to play.The few critiques I can give is that reviewing lessons is easy, but there should've been previous Hiragana in later areas so you don't forget any of it, and the story and characters are sorta just there.But it's not about the characters, it's about learning. I give this game a 8/10 for being a really good teaching tool and a pretty fun albeit simple JRPG."
,Recommended,438270,35175959,Posted: 24 September,all,ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ,It's really good for learning basics of Hiragana!
,Recommended,438270,30252455,Posted: 28 February,all,5th dimensional real nigga,Lmao Im not a f*cking weeaboo.
76561198032795401,Recommended,438270,24329571,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,mbenham08,I really need to learn Japanese. So glad I can use this.
,Recommended,438270,23783273,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DoomOnYou,"While I haven't played much quite yet, I must say its a really great ""game"" for introduction to Japanese.I've been putting off learning Japanese for far too long and this is just the sort of thing I need to give me the proper steps to learning.With it currently being on sale for less than 3 dollars, I'd say thats well worth the price!Saves me from trying to teach myself and finding the study materials or paying for a class that would be far more expensive and less fun.Will update once I've played more but so far I have no complaints.Progress (1 Hour and I know 15 Characters of Hiragana)"
76561198042986599,Recommended,438270,23763027,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kalorsk,This is the dankest game on the market. With my new found Japanese powers I can defeat the evil Japanese mage!
76561198085805448,Recommended,438270,23762983,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,fireshot94,its realy a good game and i like pixel rpg
,Recommended,438270,24425658,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Rsg_Hawk,It's great.
,Recommended,438270,24424652,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,James Kay,Amazing anti-cheating job.
76561197960315791,Recommended,438270,24373643,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,winnie pooh,best video game ever
,Recommended,438270,24355771,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gummi557,Great way to learn hiragana!
76561197973554575,Recommended,438270,23787375,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,.BAD.Doofus,"Very easy to get into, and very basic.  This will teach you the Hiragana alphabet and some very, very basic Japanese quite quickly."
76561198278739680,Recommended,438270,22577942,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,410,"It was well done, i learned. It recommends to write notes and study, it moves at a well pace if you do. Without it you can quickly get lost in the sheer number of characters (Japenese letters) you have to memorize. I had a lot of fun. It Goes over everything and leaves no small detail untouched. Its our job to learn and memorize, all they have to do is give us the practice sheet. Which they absoulutely do! The graphics and music also made it all the more enjoyable."
76561198043122661,Recommended,438270,22195961,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tensai,"I already know Hiragana.11/10 easiest game out there.Seriously though there should be a Kanji version, really mess with peoples heads."
,Recommended,438270,26545826,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HonorableSEO,"A good way to hiragana... yep!It's alright, little long winded at times though."
76561198064611961,Recommended,438270,23842946,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shas Mont Kais,"Very fun game, if your trying to learn Japanese this is a fun and easy way to start."
,Recommended,438270,23805392,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GameCouchB,It's Fun
,Recommended,438270,23852008,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nagisa Shiota,"Bought the game a couple hours ago. I must say that so far, the game seems both effective and entertaining. I can't wait to see how much I can learn from this!"
,Recommended,438270,23851100,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,cannonball adderly,"Works great for a teaching tool, helped me get a structure to learn hiragana and quickly learn it. Dialouge needs some work and I know it's so i get more practice but going back and forth between randomly spawning enemies for some plot reason is the worst. Pretty good other than that and it's dirt cheap, worth the price"
76561198041995956,Recommended,438270,23877800,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,bahamut66,"I studied Japanese for 2 years in school and 4 years on my own, so I feel this game is a bit below my level, but I wanted a way to refresh on the basics and this game is okay, but also a bit flawed.There is a lot of grinding in the game, it feels very RPG maker generic in terms of story and graphics, and the game tended to crash on me every hour or so, requiring constant saving or lost effort.The battle mechanics are okay and help you memorize Japanese characters through rote practice in the RPG battle system, however it's noticably clunky, such as when you try to go down to get back tot he top of your menu, it is disabled and if you overattack an enemy, your next attacker will miss if he still attacked the same target.  Old school stuff that's frustrating.  Still, for an entry level Japanese game it gives you the entire alphabet, plenty of room to practice, and a few phrases and words to go with it.  The best part of the game is easily the last run, where you start using phrases instead of simple sounds to fight enemies.I would recommend this game to fans of RPGs looking for entry level Japanese knowledge.  Could also be a good gateway for kids.  However, it is noticably clunky and crash prone.  Still, they advertised a sequel and I'd buy it, if only for the practice.  Give it a look."
76561198157478302,Recommended,438270,23477573,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,mr.twilight,"this is a great game i always wanted to learn japanese at first i thouhg ti was going to be a piece of cake bth then i got to the second round and it started to get confusing. its a i dont know if im learning anything but, i'll find out once i go to the asin buffet once i think i mastered it.  ( i hope i dont get slapped for sying somthing incorectly.)"
,Recommended,438270,28713869,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,inmybutt (Herp Derp),I really like this game. Only on the third lesson and have already learned a lot. I have used a lot of learning programs and websites but I feel like this game is the way go! Make sure to have a pen and a notebook cause the lessons cover alot. If you really want to learn Japanese buy this game.
,Recommended,438270,23793385,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pyotr François,Başarılı
76561198140083194,Recommended,438270,26324395,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,alecwhite88,very helpful
,Recommended,438270,28943837,Posted: 2 January,all,Salty Soup,Game asked me to go out and get a pen and paper.So I'm stuck.. gg game
,Recommended,438270,33809871,Posted: 26 July,all,Mrs.Nesbitt,"I've been using this game, Human Japanese, Tako's Japanese app and the flashcards from the kickstarter to learn Hiragana. So far I have learnt to read, say and write 25 characters perfectly. This game is a brilliant way to ensure you have different methods to learn, maintain interest and keep reinforcing what you've learnt. Love it!"
,Recommended,438270,34163685,Posted: 11 August,all,春ムうー,"Excellent implemention of how game theory can be applied to educational purposes, pacing for each lesson was well placed and practive was fun rather than tedious and boring. Storyboard was good, but the RPG elements for the game would've been better if the characters had dynamic expressions that changed to fit the situation rather than statically smiling with the same portrait reguardless of what the character was saying or reacting to. I've really enjoyed this game, I actually was surpised at the scale of travel within the game and how easy it was to just play for hours. Great game, would definitely recommend for anyone interested in learning Japanese."
76561198136671120,Recommended,438270,33424466,Posted: 10 July,all,D.S.Atoday,"""I play it for the story"""
,Recommended,438270,23877385,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Colonel Harley,Great GameIf you want to learn Hiragana then you should buy this.
,Recommended,438270,21297605,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Chr1st0ph3r,10/10 would battle japanese letters againI hope they make DLCs for other languanges
,Recommended,438270,30934864,Posted: 3 April,all,Shadow Of Intent,webos
,Recommended,438270,28543587,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DirtyDeedsDoneDirtCheap,Great tool for learning a hard language
,Recommended,438270,26847705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,おととい来い,now i can be a real otaku
76561197971946105,Recommended,438270,28544240,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lvscion,Well paced lesson-wise and fun.
76561198026704611,Recommended,438270,29553992,Posted: 28 January,all,Juicy Turd,"This is really good. It's better than any guide I've used to learn Japanese. I've tried Tae Kim's guide, Learn Japanese 101, etc. but this beats them all. Good job."
,Recommended,438270,28649790,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,migclosa-,"This game inspired me to use Microsoft IME frequently.Also, いただきます！10/10"
,Recommended,438270,31866556,Posted: 20 May,all,GalaxySong,Good game to pick up some Japanese.
,Recommended,438270,32937389,Posted: 28 June,all,♥[A]lpha♥,cool
,Recommended,438270,24357575,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"I like the concept.It gives grinding an extrinsic value that excuses the poor level design.It's a great tool to start learning Hiragana ( + some vocab). Emphasis is on start.Although I think it is important to recognize Hiragana in different fonts, I believe the one used in the writing animation is inappropriate. It has little curves that are superfluous and not beginner friendly to draw. The additional connections inbetween strokes that make the characters look more fancy are also misleading and confusing. It should have been more like the font in the dialogue.There are one-time-only moments where the concept is reversed. It would have been nice if you could access these at any time. Also, it would have been good if there was an advanced dungeon with unrestrained randomness where you can encounter every enemy there is. The troups are very limited - that makes it transparent and exploitable and you won't learn effectively how to tell all kana apart.Everything beyond the function of learning Japanese is plain and merely serviceable.If you let that sentence sink in, you would agree that there is no point in describing the ins and outs of the inherent weak design. Just know what you want from this.There are a couple of bugs, so save very often. I beat it once and it crashed 8 times. I would prefer if there was an option to shut down the game from within the game.Remember that you can scroll faster for this is heavy on menu usage.I wouldn't buy it for 7 bucks, regardless of who you are. There are games where more work and talent were poured into but are cheaper."
,Recommended,438270,21318220,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SkeletonHarvester,This is pretty hilarious and educational at the same time. I hope they do these for the entire japanese writing system eventually!
,Recommended,438270,24981055,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Melcadrien [Demochef],"This is a nice way to learn Hirigana.However, this needs some serious optimizations.  Almost every move or action can cause the computer to chug for half a second.  I know this because I was eyeing the task manager while I was playing this game.  When doing an action of some sort my CPU immediately spikes."
,Recommended,438270,33937632,Posted: 31 July,all,Yardnuk,"Fast and easy way to learn Hiragana! The game mechanics need a little tweaking, but other than that, great game!"
76561198135412185,Recommended,438270,23747035,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,wizap7,"alright, so as a fan of japan, and wanting to go there someday like all the others who are like me, this is pretty cool.  so far, i've learned the vowels, and some sylables, and already im so exicted to learn words.  this is definately gonna help me learn japanese the way i wanna.  it encourages to take notes, and i am.  i like this so much, im gonna buy it for my ""senpai"".good mix of rpg, and educational."
,Recommended,438270,30308670,Posted: 3 March,all,fukashira,+rep now I can watch my animu without sub-titles
76561198025215501,Not Recommended,438270,33166054,Posted: 2 July,all,Khorm,"This game is nice to learn Hiragana, but the game mechanics are pretty bad.The fighting system plain sucks. You have to pick an action for all characters before the round starts, but you won't really know if the enemy you want to attack will still live, when the character finally gets to do his attack. If he already died, your move is wasted. The Guard action seems to be completely useless. You have to grind levels very early, or you will just get ♥♥♥♥ed over (even if you don't do any mistakes). The enemies you will fight against are not really randomized... it will happen pretty often, that you will fight the same ones over and over and over.... which really sucks because you have to grind.The RPG is pretty basic and sadly just annoying.The learning part is well done. The pacing is nice and you get so see how the Hiragana are correctly written (stroke order) and how they are pronounced."
76561197973036406,Not Recommended,438270,28720171,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hank,"I was hoping for a spaced-repetition system, but it takes far too long to get to the point where that might be the case. There's a story, great, but take a page from Hotline Miami and invite the player to action right away, with quick revives if something goes wrong. Possible improvements: microphone support, to speak the hiragana; typing-of-the-dead -esque system, where we type sequenes of hiragana sounds to defeat waves of enemies; hidden pairs of hiragana, like in the game Memory; etc. Read John Medina'sBrain Rulesand Brown, Roediger, and McDaniel'sMake it stick: the science of successful learningfor research-backed ways to improve learning through games."
,Not Recommended,438270,25904325,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zotapianola,"Not quite what I had expected in terms of story. Still, way more fun than learning in a conventional way."
76561198332031875,Recommended,438270,29848523,Posted: 11 February,all,thoro LIN,Good enogh to learn some basics but it gives me a feeling that the auther didnt put his heart in it.Anybody can make this game using the rpg maker.
,Recommended,438270,28715730,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wo Yao Jin Ke La,"Like what is said in the video, this game teaches you basic hiragana and some japanese words in hiragana. If you are new to japanese language and have no way to learn japanese with an actual teacher due to probably lack of money or laziness then this game is for you. Else, I recommend you to go to an actual teacher and learn more things like the grammar, katakana and maybe some kanji. Anyway, talking about the game overall my experience  of playing 0.2 hour of this game was okay, not amazing but not bad either. I personally love ""OH! RPG"" , a game that is made by the same engine cause i can see lots of similarities including background songs. The game have a story by itself, game mechanics where you will need to answer the right alphabet to a specific hiragana and hopefully defeat it before your team runs out of health. As the game progresses lots of things will be changed to hiragana.Buy it on steamsale if u want to learn basic japanese and if you have nothing else to do, i dont recommend it to people who have reached intermediate japanese lesson, cause you might find it boring"
,Recommended,438270,28770959,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dandekku,now i can finally call myself a real weeaboo
76561197998999369,Recommended,438270,28759766,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Acme,Great way to start learning!
76561198102846911,Recommended,438270,30340217,Posted: 5 March,all,MarShawn Kick,ありがとうございましたArigatōgozaimashita
,Recommended,438270,21606858,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Slayahh,This is basically pokemon for weebs.
76561198045066336,Recommended,438270,34788282,Posted: 6 September,all,garrulous_Teamotei,Great learning technique for the basics of japanese
76561198260192159,Recommended,438270,29592427,Posted: 30 January,all,mgdzx,"Loved it, exactly kind of practice method I needed. Finished in a week or so and now I'm completely fluent in reading Hiragana... Can't wait for the sequal about Katagana to come out! :D :DRecommend 10/10"
,Recommended,438270,33821758,Posted: 26 July,all,Timowoof,Learned how to read Hiragana
,Recommended,438270,23216762,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mr Potato,I SPEAKO JAPANESO
76561198013512309,Not Recommended,438270,29955589,Posted: 15 February,all,FuriousMoo,"Once the novelty of the concept wears off (and believe me it wears off very quickly), what you are left with is a terribly lackluster, basic and dull rpg.If you were expecting an entertaining game... move along there is nothing for you here. There are countless far superior rpg maker games out there many of them free. This is nothing but clunky mechanics and story and characters to send you to sleep.  A seriously bare bones offering that wouldn't be worth the time if it was free.Now in terms of educational value, because really, why would you even be looking at this if you wern't interested in learning at least some japanese. Well...it's ok...just passable. It will teach you hirigana (eventually) and some little bits of vocabulary, but honestly the slow and clunky game just gets in the way of this. If anything it made the process of learning hirigana more tedious and frustrating.I really wanted this to be the game that broke free from the mold of poorly made educational games, but sadly this was not the case. Of all the resources out there (websites, apps etc) tonnes of which are free, this amounted to one of the least usefull and engaging. What a pity."
,Recommended,438270,29319861,Posted: 17 January,all,Knight for Life,Doesn't teach ゑ and ゐwhich are only used historically and serve no purpose nowadays anyway. Amnot at alldispointed. 10/10nevertoo much asian letters.
,Recommended,438270,22190644,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,42,KONNICHIWA!THIS IS AWESOME!THE MORE I LEARN ABOUT JAPANESE THE MORE I WANT TO LEARN ABOUT IT!...KANPAI
,Recommended,438270,21266307,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SdjK,"10/10 would weeb againIn all seriousness this is pretty good so farEdit: Ill write a legit review here bc people kinda wanna know if it's good. Weebs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).It's your average RPG with Yen as you currency. You earn Yen by defeating the Hiragana characters that pop up when you run around kinda like Pokémon. If the enemy looking like the character あ pops up you must choose ""A"" from the attack menu as this character is the equivilent of A in the English Language. If it's wrong you do 0 damage and if it is correct then you do the damage that your character(s) can achieve.It has a surprisingly good storyline to it, and it has a good amout of repition in it to help you learn the characters. It has good graphics and the way it teaches you to learn these characters is pretty effective. I WOULD recommend writing them down on a note pad as you will certainly need some kind of reference to help you along with the new characters in the beginning. Mine looks like thispuu.sh/nblSN/4b6e41845b.jpg.I recommend it, it's only £5 and I bought it because I said to my friend before I was interested in it but I didn't really have an incentive to learn, but this is great because I actually want to play it since it's a game.TL;DR It keeps you entertained, it's a good story and It has good ways of teaching. Would recommend. Buy it cheapskates ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)."
,Recommended,438270,23747872,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[LC] Lo-Taren,"This works very well for me, I have learn't the letters and how to write them moderately well.There is one major flaw in my opinion that really caused me to get stuck and re look the letter over and over.When you have the drawing animation showing you how to do it, it's simple to copy, you look down to try attempt it yourself then you look up and the font changed to the silver outlined version with added twists and connections between the brushes, please can you look into this or explain to me why it is like that? Thanks I am still happy with this product just thought that was a bit odd."
,Recommended,438270,33299936,Posted: 5 July,all,gee271,emang cocok buat vvibu wkwkw land.
76561198332293400,Recommended,438270,30890775,Posted: 1 April,all,Movin boi,"This game is the best thing I have ever come across in my 18 years of life. Nay, since I was a mere gene in my grandparent's genetic code. This game had me on the edge of my seat so much that I had to build a new chair on the edge of the seat just so I could go farther on the edge. Gripping characters had me laughing and crying tears of joy and saddness. All other forms of media are **** compared to this, titanic **** it, the love story in this go beyond human understanding, Clockwork Orange trash comapred to the violince and gore in this. Nothing in the known multiverse could even come close to this. They say perfection is unobtainable because everyone has different veiws on perfection but they were wrong. This is the very definition of perfection. My only complaint is that game ends, when it should not have an ending its too god to stop.10/10 I need more in my life"
76561198029114626,Not Recommended,438270,22762685,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,hachiseiko,"Sadly I have to concur with the negative reviews.The interface is clunky and bad. It takes way too long of a time to navigate and it's frustrating. The people who defend it with ""It was made in RPG maker"" or ""It's a JRPG, that's what it's supposed to be like"" are missing the point. This game could have been made so much easier and more user friendly.Why does it HAVE to play like a JRPG? It can mimic the graphical style and look like one but there's no reason for it to play like one. Why couldn't I be able to just select the Japanese character on the screen and then select the correct corresponding romanji in a menu at the bottom, an entire attack made with TWO clicks of the mouse? Does anyone REALLY think it's better to have to go through menus clicking ""Attack"" and then ""Answer"" and then the correct answer in a list that covers the entire screen and THEN the character the answer is for. And for EVERY character in the party?This is far too slow and awkward to be effective learning. It's not that difficult a game to make."
,Not Recommended,438270,32839395,Posted: 26 June,all,trapezoid,"Flashcards would be cheaper, more effective, and have more engaging gameplay."
,Recommended,438270,26695290,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Emperor of Luck,This game is made by a god who knows how to please anime faggs like me...jk but this game is great 1000/10 would start over again just to repeat the lessons
76561198112669681,Recommended,438270,33762742,Posted: 24 July,all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,438270,21267953,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Tunloink,"TL;DR: The game is awesome. Its a great tool to use to learn basic Japanese and its a lot of fun while you do it. Buy it. It will be one of the best $6.99 purchases you have made in a while!This game focuses on teaching the player Hiragana, one of the more basic japanese writing systems, while still maintaining the old pixel RPG adventure games. It has a good story line for what it is and some pretty charming art and music.I haven't played it a ton so far, but from what I got out of that short time is actually pretty good! This game has you learn japanese you've learned from previous lessons to take down all of the enemies in the game. So,The more you pay attention, practice saying the Hiragana and taking notes, the better you will do.That brings me to the note taking. If you are a beginner in Japanese, notes are ESSENTIAL. The game even tells you to go get a pen/pencil and a piece of paper. Though while you are practicing the Hiragana strokes as it has you do, they do seem a bit tedious in the beginning. It isnt enough to make the game feel terrible and not worth it but you do have to put in a good amount of effort to learn and play the game.So to sum it up, the game is good. If you want a rating i'd give it a 7/10. It has great music, good art, you can go somewhat at your own pace and the story is pretty good from what it is. For $6.99 its worth it. Definitely. If and when it is on sale then pick it up if you dont have it. Or better yet, buy it as $6.99 as it is normally."
,Not Recommended,438270,33273010,Posted: 5 July,all,Aynnata (Kat),"Im sorry, I have to say the game is really bad. For a B2P game.I've played other FREE games to learn japanese with better quality than that.And NO.. you cannot say ""Well its a RPG."" There are WAY better RPG's out there for free... And im not even talking about the 3d ones.Only good points:-Story is cool-Characters are funny.-Good for memorising Hiragana.. (IF you dont lose your cool over this HORRIBLE game system.)The rest is sh*t (sorry):-The menu is one of the worst ever-The controles are HORIBLE..-The combat system is HORIBLE and frustrating.-The sidequests are sh**ty AF and at the first 10lvls they are almost INEXISTENT.-The quest log is... ONLY for Sidequests... SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY????-Cant skip the writing example when its not even needed to complete the game.. Wow.-Map designed like labyrinth and its REALLY frustrating.The game is NOT learning-Friendly AT ALLThis RPG was made for the skilled HARDCORE RPG players:-No [Easy,Normal,Hard] mode choices.-You have to go back to the main town to know what is the MAIN objectives.-You CANT avoid enemies when there are ""side activities"" that are tied to the main progresion of the game.-Health in this game is almost inexistant.Im not saying that a hard RPG is bad, I LOVE hard RPGs.... But WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥? Its a LEARNING game..And im not saying that Super easy game to learn language is better.. ITS WORST...And I think the one who made this game is a bit more on the RIGHT path to make a GOOD learning game.But honestly.. 99.9% of Learning games i've played are all TRASH.Seems like those who makes learning games.. either think, I can do the game.. so its a good game.OR, The game is way too hard for a 1yo child. Gotta be easier..Seriously I just dont get it... Seems like its IMPOSIBLE to have just the RIGHT learning game.With money or not. I found one on my phone, and its way better tho.. I think its the best learning game ever made.I wont tell the name here cause it would be really sh*tty of me, but yah.. Just that..Learning game dont know ""Perfect middle"". Its either stupidly hard (Like this one) Or Stupidly easy.Both are not worth playing IMO.Whit that said, Id say this game would be ""OK"" with a dificultu system. But not worth 8$. Not at all.The story itself is the best part, and the only reason Im not gonna take a refund on this.But if you want to learn japanese.. this is not for you."
76561198091050881,Recommended,438270,21268137,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Totally Not A Communist,"this game is amazing i havent played it for very long but the game is quite interesting and seems to be very promising, you must try this game it really suits those who cant just sit and try to learn a new language and thsi chamges everything. now that i have writen this i will be going back to learn more infact im very happy with my purchase and i think many others would be as well!"
,Recommended,438270,23704429,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BenzOnFire,Still Not Done with my learning yet
76561198002901366,Not Recommended,438270,26035990,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sr.Cipo,"I can not recomend this, i wish i could, i like the concept but it is way too rudimentary, there are a lot of issues and a the interface just stinks...(sorry if something is spelled wrong, english is not my mother language)"
,Recommended,438270,21269661,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Potato,"please make more of these with other different laungage!i wanna to learn thai, francais too"
,Not Recommended,438270,23910453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tragon,"If your want to learn Hiragana, rather download any app for your smartphone. Search for one with user tips. Those are far better than the ""tips"" given in the game which basically just tell you the number of strokes to write the character with and to watch out for the placement.The apps will also include more than just Hiragana.The game itself is very clunky with its controls and rather dull to play.As a free hobby game i wouldn't mind, but it's not worth it even with the summer sale discount given the free alternatives at hand."
76561198119291939,Recommended,438270,23762177,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zuko,"Konnichiwa Senpai, Please notice me,I watch Asian cartoons, I'm a weeaboo,I live in my mom's house. I'm like thirty two,I collect swords and throwing stars, yes I'm a weeaboo,Sticks and Stones may break my bones,But I will always be one step ahead of you,‘Cause I read the manga,(You're such a ♥♥♥♥ing pleb, are you even even japanese bro)I haven't showered in like sixteen weeks,All my friends and peers are ashamed of me,‘Cause all'O'sudden, I think I'm japaneseYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooA filthy weeaboo (snorts Naruto is SO Over-rated)A dirty weeaboo (You wanna see my katana collection)A ♥♥♥♥ing weeaboo (I'm learning Japanese on Rosetta stone)A disgusting weeaboo (So I'm like basically Japanese now)i sit at my computer desk, and argue with teenagers on the internet,about atheism, and how japan is superior to other countries,i learned a bit of japanese,so now i'm qualified to be a part of their communityso i made my avatar a kawaii waifuYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeabooYes I'm a weeaboo"
,Not Recommended,438270,25005545,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,CATCH PHRASE,"I know this is supposed to be an inspiring middle ground between video games and learning Japanese, and that's a great idea, but the way it was set up is awful."
,Not Recommended,438270,30886568,Posted: 1 April,all,Ichigo いちご,"Make it stop...PLEASE!!Please make it stop...They will conquer me... in my dreams... Hiragana... Hiragana everywhere......they are coming... to get me...The same fight over and over again... the same Hiragana... 3 times in row... NOOOO!!!! They will eat me alive....*Ahem*Sorry for this mental outbreak but some outburst like this happened to me when i played this game the first time -.-Then the teacher was coming... do you want to hear it again? Are you sure you dont want to hear this again?-.- I felt like starting Windows Vista on japanese settings....You putting a shirt off and putting a cooking apron on and yeehaw! your defense increase decently.... for real now?The grahpics are nice-ish but... 7 Euro?わたし　は　ばか　でわ　ありません。　Watashi wa baka dewa arimasen....i´m not stupid...still... to be fair: i got it for half bcause japanese weekend madness, bust still... meeh.... strongly disappointed, sorry...Go get some free japanese learning program is more helpful if u ask me... but hey! Tastes are different, i guess..."
,Not Recommended,438270,28928010,Posted: 1 January,all,Kilz Inc.™ シ,"I refunded this game 30 minutes after I played.I don't why but this game is boring as hell.Despite having to learn Hiragana characters to defeat enemies,the story itself is consider boring.Hiragana characters are easy to learn.I'm also learning Japanese but this game makes it harder to learn.Not recommended for beginners.Just learn from the internet.It is much easier."
76561198310663334,Not Recommended,438270,24174041,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KidaMasaomi,boring
,Not Recommended,438270,25581841,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Fenrari,Don't buy this game. You're not really going to learn any hiragana from it. The slow pace of the battles will make it cringe worthy long before any educational value appears.
,Not Recommended,438270,33020052,Posted: 29 June,all,grampagameratx,Looks potentially great but how the heck do you save in the game??Can't recommend at this time
76561197997996085,Not Recommended,438270,30465279,Posted: 12 March,all,bustaballs,"The good: The lessons are good and accurate. If you don't know much about the Japanese language, this will teach you the very basics. It's very creative for using RPG Maker.The bad: Expensive for a subpar RPG Maker game. 25 minute tutorial that you can't skip. Horrible story that makes no sense. Zero character development. Really bad dialogue. Poor instructions. Bad level design. The battle system has zero variety. Every character can only do a basic attack within many hours of playing.If you're looking for literally any video game that will teach you Japanese while you play it, this exists. If you're looking for a fun game with an interesting story and good dialogue while learning Japanese, this is far from it."
,Not Recommended,438270,24119056,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,darkmoose,horrible little game.
,Recommended,438270,32046793,Posted: 29 May,all,titties,weeaboos never die
76561198002454294,Not Recommended,438270,30165928,Posted: 25 February,all,Adidos,"I have bag in the game!!! when i back in island and go again in the ship begin the end, no movies, no characters! i can drop the save file!"
,Recommended,438270,23749504,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The State of Florida,">paid attention to the first lesson, wrote them all down>got to the forest and rekt some enemies without looking at the notes>i'm_smart.jpg>get to the next lesson, paid attention and wrote it down>rekt enemies without looking at notes.. again>i_love_this_game.png8/8 r8ting m8 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Not Recommended,438270,25273648,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,sZXZ,"Ugly, you can't open settings while playing. Sound is awful."
76561198008716313,Not Recommended,438270,21277767,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,fumbles23,"I really like the concept of an RPG-style game that you can play to learn useful skills, like a new language.Unfortunately, the clunky user interface and tedious battle system made this game unplayable for me.  The menu system is uninuitive, and requires an unnecessary amount of input to navigate around.Each battle involves correctly identifying Japanese characters for the enemy you choose to attack.   This requires the player to click Attack, then navigate a menu of Hiragana characters, select the character, then select the enemy.  Easy enough...except that these steps are required for every attack, and for each of the attacking characters in your party.  By the second or third battle, you know the correct characters instantly, but have to navigate the same tedious menus for each character in your party repeatedly.  Despite a lot of potential here, It's simply not fun."
,Recommended,438270,23770116,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,quality skeleton,MOSHI MOSHIWEEB DESU
76561198019404398,Not Recommended,438270,21271777,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ken-oh,"The problem with a game like this is that the ""RPG"" part is just intrusive on the learning part.For example, once I figure out what a character represents in battle, it's just tedious and doesn't help learning to repeatedly hit him. They should consistently morph or do something slightly cleverer.Aside from that, wasting your time with clunky JRPG mechanics from the 80s while you're trying to learn is annoying.The concept is cute, but just focus on making it exclusively a learning game next time. Nobody who's up for learning a writing system needs to be entertained by junky JRPG mechanics like a child.Longer edit:I can't go too in-depth as I've only put about 40 minutes into the game before I dropped it.The battle system is very simplistic - you slap the Hiragana character icons repeatedly with their corresponding english sound and use typical video games skills that have nothing to do with language learning like heal skills.It's simply a missed opportunity. The battle system hasn't got any depth, there's no reason the Hiragana characters shouldn't just die in one hit to their corresponding sound and/or replace themselves with others, and all the video-gamey stuff is very detracting from the actual learning.Beyond slapping characters around there doesn't seem to be anything more, for example an integrated drawing tool to recognize that you can draw the characters.What I learned in 40 minutes of playing this I could have learned in a youtube video of 5 minutes. And it shouldn't necessarily be that way. Yes, I get that it's a game, but it's a learning tool first. Nobody's gonna get into this game thinking ""hmmm I crave a real good JRPG right now"", it's purely for the learning in an enjoyable way - it is neither a good learning tool nor enjoyable.Seems like this review is garnering a lot of traction. I say judge for yourselves, and refund it like I did if you don't like it. But let me tell you as someone who speaks multiple languages fluently - this is a very poor learning tool, even for something as basic as this. (And for that matter it is not a good JRPG either, it's silly and simplistic)"
,Not Recommended,438270,22757046,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TheFlamingGalah,"This game is too hard and it is aggravating, the enemies are way too powerful.Edit: I went online and did some in-browser flashcard games, after that I could remember the characters better, however it seems to me that if I have to play another flash card game just to get better so I can defeat the ingame enemies then the game has lost all relevance and is not really worth playing, might aswell just stick with the browser based game. In this game you will often encounter the same characters in a group on any level, making the game repetitive.A fast ingame flashcard system that isn't seperated by dialoge, and more diverse types of enemies may have made this game much better. If you are doing your first semster of learning Japanese then this game might be a helpful addition to your studies, for everyone else, probably not recommended."
,Not Recommended,438270,30877131,Posted: 1 April,all,pyrex bowl,grate game.
,Not Recommended,438270,28152073,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,weeaboos!
,Recommended,438270,30649756,Posted: 21 March,all,PLAYERUNKNOWN'S CUMRAG BARSTOOL,Great little tool to help in your Japanese studies. Highly Reccomended!
,Recommended,438270,30648106,Posted: 21 March,all,xTheGamerPlayz,This game is surprising entertaining. The plot is nothing special however the way it teaches the Hiragana characters is surprisingly... thrilling. I'm around 65% finished with the game however I still feel a twinge of acheivement and pride when I successfully choose the most basic of characters.I recommend this to beginners to japanese who don't know where to start. The game teaches you common phrases as well as basic grammar and how to disect and put together words.
,Recommended,438270,30386236,Posted: 7 March,all,Kayfroste,Learn how to RPG in Japanese.Very useful lessons throughout the game.I learned a few words and some more over time.7/10I gotta keep playing to fully learn japanese.
76561197988720896,Recommended,438270,30420196,Posted: 9 March,all,Knifecrawler,"If you are learning Hiragana, this game is very useful and fun, especially if you are a fan of the old RPGs like the original Zelda or Final Fantasy series (I'm talking NES days).Great job.  I hope they would also put out the Katakana game in this style ^_^"
,Recommended,438270,30436985,Posted: 10 March,all,Benjamin aka DbIM,I am not very far into the game and neither is this my only source of learning Japanese but it still does work and i do recommend this !
76561198078982939,Recommended,438270,30457113,Posted: 11 March,all,Mr. Blonde,"If you're a fan of turn based RPGs and wish to learn how to read japanese, this game is a great way to start. Just don't expect anything groundbreaking from the gameplay aspects or storywise. Still, it's a fun way to learn and memorize hiragana."
,Recommended,438270,22159085,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TenDeaths,"This game is pretty interesting. Even the graphics are not so good, the game is very helpful. Although the fights are a little annoying sometimes, It helps you to memorize hiragana characters faster."
76561198119577772,Recommended,438270,22237584,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Finding Ne0,Great start for every RPG lover who wants to learn Hiragana. I've always wanted to speak Japanese and tried a few times but every time I failed. This was definitely my motivation. Thanks!
76561198297217344,Recommended,438270,22263201,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,anasissaito,"Great game! Teaches grammar and rules for using the Japanese language properly. Fights can seem repetative, but understand that this just reinforces what you learned."
,Recommended,438270,22299636,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Terrafirma,"Fantastic fun, and a great tool!"
,Recommended,438270,22457811,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,danboii,I like the menu song
,Recommended,438270,22211901,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kardiiac,Well worth the money /10char
76561197996557781,Recommended,438270,22301338,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Newkenny,Love this game! Easy way to learn hiragana! Fun! Cool music! Great story!
,Recommended,438270,22323964,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,🌸𝕽𝖔𝖞𝖆𝖑🌸,"I love this game!!!You'll learn my favorite language,while playing a cool retro rpg.It's the best!!!10/10 IGN (I couldn't help it, sorry...)"
76561198117298360,Recommended,438270,21310314,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,J100BOOM,Amazing game for learning hiragana. Im really learning hiragana and having so much fun playing the game. Best of both worlds. I really hope they make one for katakana!
,Recommended,438270,21332918,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Black Mage,"I went into this wanting to learn a new language and I found a new passion in RPGs and Japanese. I would highly reccommend this to anyone looking to pick up a new RPG or a new language. The teaching is well paced, the story is fun, and the rpg system is well presented. A solid 10/10 from me :) give it a go."
76561198268458480,Recommended,438270,21333874,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Narimachi,"I don't normally put reviews on games but this one i had too! thank you for such a well made game! im finally actually learning the material, many methods arnt helping me but this i must say.. awesome!!!"
76561198034094596,Recommended,438270,21350625,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,98cafe,"If you have any interest in learning Japanese, this game is a must-have!  The developers have not only found a way to make learning fun and rewarding, but a way that can keep even those with ADD on track.I look forward to seeing what else this studio puts out."
76561198034826073,Recommended,438270,21348633,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr. Caesar's Palace M.D.,"This is a great game to learn Hiragana. I have been trying for a while and this helped me tremendously.However, there do seem to be fairly common crashes, and the UI can be a bit difficult to get used to. Regardless, it makes learning Japanese easy!"
76561197976928666,Recommended,438270,21305290,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DirtMcGert,"I just got through after 10 hours and 20 minutes (10h 45 min with all sidequests). Its of course very repetitive, you simply choose the right hiragana for the appropriate romaji. Or the other way round in so called ""other dimensions"". I guess. Can´t remember really. My brains mud now.It wasnt too much fun in the end but very satisfying for me to get through this, after all I now can read at least some hiragana. Forget the vocabulary. Its just good for learning to read the hiragana in my opinion. Dont expect to learn a lot or be able to speak a lot. It really is mostly about the Hiragana writing system.My Hiragana is not perfect by playing through this a single time but far better than before. And I guess thats all one can ask for after just ten hours. That furthermore makes maybe 4-5 hours of intensive studying for me, since I knew a lot of the hiragana before and could concentrate on fighting through the game instead of writing down all the letters. In fact I did not write down a single hiragana. Cant tell how far in what time one comes when being an absolute beginner.I´d suggest to use a memrise course along this journey if you play through it in chunks, what I absolutely recommend for  a beginner since else your brain might burn out. Keep calm if you feel overwhelmed, its really not that hard and will get easier and easier with the time you are ready to invest.Glad this game exists, cant wait for what they anounce in the end, wont spoil it though :PI recommend it to everybody who wants to learn in the first place, since it is very likely that the game depth and mechanics wont be whats satisfying in the end for many people. Its still just a pure grind.p.s. I thank all the people making these kinda games possible, those kickstarter supporters as well as the developers as well as the buyers. Being on the lookout for games like this for like 3 years now.Bug and *MINOR SPOILER ALERT* theres a bug when trying to return to japan through the ship in Dorfin town, your character then just disappears and you can sail by yourself all over the map."
,Recommended,438270,21299134,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Viscount,"Play while you learn, it's a fun way to learn japanese language."
76561198061905046,Recommended,438270,21315088,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DavisCrimson (デービスケリムソン),"This is bestest method to learning japanese language, so creative :D....hope they add more sound when we answer/attack hiragana character for more fun...i gladly recommend tis game for learning basic japanese huhu...its very fun playing game while learning japanese word than reading book/watch at internet method...Its like Final Fantasy style too *.* and its got battle soundtack also interesting feel like playing ff6"
76561197966811297,Recommended,438270,21564787,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Wark,"As a learning tool this game was amazing for me.After 14 hours of gameplay I've finished the game along with all its side-quests (hint: you want to finish those), and I'm surprised with how much I've learned.I feel pretty confident reading Hiragana, if a bit slow.Definitely recommend this for anyone who wants an introduction into Japanese.As a game it was a little lacking though.The combat was dull, and 95% of the fights were a series of answers without any strategy. Only at the very end did I end up using skills besides ""answer"".It was a great platform for carrying the lessons, and helped keep it entertaining enough, but the story line was fairly bland, and the game overall was a bit brief.I hope the Katakana battle will be a bit more fleshed-out as a game as well as being an awesome educational tool.But then it's like 7 bucks! So for that price you definitely get your money's worth.Eat at the McKing once or learn you some Japanese that'll last you for life!"
,Recommended,438270,21585874,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jewol,This is so recommended for people who are trying to learn Japanese!if you want a fun filled learning experience. Buy this game. Help yourself and the developers
,Recommended,438270,21614520,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mrs. Boogie,"I've only been playing about 45 minutes and I find it very relaxing and enjoyable. It's slow and easily paced which is perfect for teaching kids, teenagers, and adults. I have learned 15 characters so far in Hiragana! I'm very excited to progress in the game :)"
,Recommended,438270,21593945,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Tyrrrz,"Good, but not necessarily an efficient way to learn Hiragana. The pacing of this game is a bit too slow and sometimes it feels boring and repetitive, but for what it is, it's executed pretty well. I would recommend learning Hiragana in some other way though, if that's your only goal."
,Recommended,438270,21571700,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SKILLS,I feel like a scholar after playing this
76561198037614669,Recommended,438270,21576721,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The_Nomad,"While I'm not far into the game, I already think this game is a fantastic way to encourage you to learn a language. It encourages you to take notes and practice your writing, and also encourages learning the pronunciations as well. The battles act as small quizzes as well, and constantly drills the lessons into your head. Especially if you like grinding!"
76561198061091660,Recommended,438270,21613408,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,bunnypower236,"This is, hands down, the best way to really solidify your knowledge of hiragana. Awesome if you're learning hiragana for the first time, although the battles may take a little longer, and even better if you already know hiragana and really want to seal it in and increase your reconition speed. It does teach some vocab words and phrases and is a really awesome tool that I think anyone who likes games and is learning Japanese should definitely have. Besides the teaching aspect, it's just a really solid, cute and well done RPG so either way you'll have tons of fun with this. I know hiragana pretty well and this game took me about 6 hours to complete including all the side quests. Pretty typical for this kind of game, and again I just thought it was really well done! :D"
76561198025960251,Recommended,438270,21537504,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rootbreaker,Great Game!Looking forward to playing katakana battle! :)
76561198070345135,Recommended,438270,21301229,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Yorosero,Only a few hours in and I've already learned a bunch of hiragana. It's a fun way to learn and this game is a good tool.
76561198067828871,Recommended,438270,21301966,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Loli Onahole,Great way to drill new information into your head. :D
,Recommended,438270,21295496,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sed'dast B.C. Dawnfact,Wow this is such an awesome idea. And the RPG actually works. Haven't had a bug yet. Now they just need to make another game for katakana and another few games for Kanji. :-D
,Recommended,438270,21289215,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sarmanaeya,"A cute RPGMaker game to learn Japanese. Would be nicer if it taught vocabulary as well, but I can see this working. I already know Hiragana, but I hope the developers make a kanji game in the future."
76561197995227014,Recommended,438270,21861179,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BananaCrusader,"Great RPG game to teach hiragana quickly and in a fun way! It's quite short, and took me less than 7 hours to beat, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and it is worth the price of a mcdonald's meal. I can't wait for the katakana and kanji version!10/10"
,Recommended,438270,21960500,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,NaVi'Jendi,"When I was very early into learning Japanese this helped me quite a bit at learning Hiragana, and is a nice easy and well designed game to introduce very early stage Japanese learners to the Japanese language, a lot of people say that you don't need a full game to teach you hiragana, since you can acomplish the same goal in several days using Anki and learning by repetition, but I think this game is still worth it, make sure to get a notebook and a pencil to practice writing down the hiragana yourself, as it will help you greatly for learning the stroke orders, which will help you later when it comes to forming words.Overall, this game is cute, and ultimately was what made me decide to start learning Japanese in the first place."
,Recommended,438270,21879207,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Moonmoonthe13st,"Yep, I admit it.  I'm a guy in the US who wants to learn Japan.  I don't want to spend time in school as that's not an option. So for $7 why not? I LOVE IT!! It's a lot of fun to play, it reminds me of the games I played on the SNES.  If you want to learn hiragana USE THIS!! どうもありがとうございます"
76561198075459079,Recommended,438270,21376250,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,kypsel,"I have zero experience reading/writing Japanese. I'm about 25 characters in (about 1.5 hours of gameplay, and ~30 minutes of studying). So far, it's an excellent game in that I've definitely learned the characters from the lessons when translating from characters to sound. I'm still working on the reverse transition, which the game doesn't test (ie. draw the character that denotes a particular sound).I'll check back in again once I've finished it."
76561197970837731,Recommended,438270,21354836,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,benrowlinson,"Remarkably effective. Completely painless. Forces you to pace yourself properly in learning enough about the language to navigate the excellent (and totally free) ""Japanese"" mobile dictionary app from renzo inc. Bring on the Kanji!"
,Recommended,438270,21351694,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,NightmareKage57,This is a really intersting game that it teahes you a new language in the process of fighting evil. Enjoying every moment
,Recommended,438270,21368093,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LovinglyGaslight,"I'm only an hour or so in, but I gotta say, this game is GREAT!I'd say if you're looking to start learning Japanese then this is a great place to start!The only disadvantage I can see of this game is that it has a distrinctly RPG Maker vibe to it, but I personally don't think that distracts from it whatsoever!Now if you excuse me, I have some characters to kick the crud out of!"
76561198073810639,Recommended,438270,21374496,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Faith,"Like many of the people who have already reviewd this game, I have been wanting to learn Japanese for a while now. I was making progress, but I was having trouble really getting all the written characters to stick in my head so I could actually start learning the language. This game perfectly fills the need! When kids are learning their ABC's, they go over them over and over and over. This dull repitition is what helps to make things stick in your head. But this game has cleverly disguised the boring monotony of repetitive practice as something more enjoyable and pleasant.I highly reccommend this game both to people who are new to learning Japanese and to people who have already started learning it.In Short:If you want to get better at Japanese, buy this game. For $7, you really can't go wrong!!"
,Recommended,438270,21634962,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KernelPone,"Was very impressed with the game. Not a bad price at all. It seems goofy at first fighting Hiragana characters, but I began to realize quickly that I was actually recognizing the different hiragana from memory."
76561198020678664,Recommended,438270,21645505,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skyler,"This is totaly worth it, cheapest knowledge ever!Very simple turn based RPG, with lessons in between.Grab a pencil and notebook and start your adventure!"
76561198013869694,Recommended,438270,21838143,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,jameszebedee,"What can I say, simplistic yet beautiful, a nice simple game but very fun and it is very good at teaching the basics of japanese. My only complaint is the repetetive combat, however it is needed to teach the language, 9/10"
76561197963083858,Recommended,438270,21917153,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,iGotTheUziTool,"Thank you whoever made this. The graphics look awesome, it has great music and most important it makes learning hiragana easy and fun. Highly recommend this game."
76561198079887082,Recommended,438270,21933174,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,cawel,Excellent.
76561198046523811,Recommended,438270,23844756,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Darkaddion,"While the story and gameplay is nothing revolutionary, this is a welcome change from sitting in a room with flashcards for hours at a tme. The entire campaign took me about 12 hours to complete (the rest of that time is from accidentally leaving the game open overnight), and it is spaced out enough to play the game full through if you'd prefer. I look forawrd to the Katakana sequel!"
,Recommended,438270,23887760,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kermit チコルマイこころ,Cool game.
,Recommended,438270,23860971,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Steve,Classic turn based RPG style.You don't have to worry about any other abilities apart from answering the hiragana characters properly and healing.I don't think I've ever taken notes before in a video game.Sank about 6 hours into it on the first day.I look forward to the next installment on Katakana.
,Recommended,438270,23861038,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,IndustrialSoup,"I've just completed a beginner course in Japanese so I know hiragana and katakana, but there are just some that you don't see as often so they're easier to forget. Playing this game is really good for that, but it also teaches you words, greetings, etc. I haven't played this game for too long, but I'd like to suggest that the menu should be made easier to navigate (double clicking in some places, single clicking in other places, lots of clicking) - that the option of typing the hiragana instead of scrolling through a long list to be added and it'd be cool if you could customise the main character. I'd love to see a little me sprite going through on an adventure. Plus kanji edition.Great game, highly recommend."
76561198138720239,Recommended,438270,23838696,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sidewalk Songbird,"It's fun learning Hiragana with this classic little RPG. Grab a pen and paper to make notes as you battle your way to Hiragana literacy.PROS:- Helpful when traditional learning methods aren't your thing- Teaches words and phrases to support reading words in Hiragana- Audio pronunciation helps tune your ears and your tongue- Comments on some common font differences in appearanceCONS:- Sans serif font on lessons would be appreciated- Attack menu is rather long. Submenu by consonant/vowel would reduce scrolling.SCORE: 4/5Solid little game, DLC for Katakana and/or Kanji would be awesome."
76561198030846606,Recommended,438270,23876546,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Turducken101,Definitely a new take on learning Japanese that kept me engaged and wanting more. They dialogue might be a bit cheesey for some people but it doesnt detract from the fantastic game here and its ability to teach you basic Japanese. Highly recommend to anyone interested in learning the language or even if you are like me and just want a fun way to brush up and reinforce the basics!
,Recommended,438270,23846681,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Woodie,"A very useful, fun and helpful game! It is very reminiscent of JRPGs, which helps you get into the game easier. There's a decent story-line (Though a bit cliche, minus the Hiragana warriors), and the characters are all fun. Controls are easy, the battle/learning segments are easy to understand (If not a bit tedious at times), and the addition of weapons and other gear helps your gameplay become both entertainment and education.While the beginning of the game may not be super interesting to people already having a decent amount of knowledge on Hiragana, it's always good to refresh your memory, or, if you've never seen how the characters were drawn, see how to properly draw the character to make it more efficient.I think this game is fun even for people who do know Japanese. While it may not help with the unskippable lessons or somewhat-redundant battles, the story is quite fine, and aside from the lessons, it is a JRPG in every way."
,Recommended,438270,23871415,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nekoboo,"This is sincerely a brilliant way to teach a language! The story is fun and engaging but doesn't take itself too seriously, the lessons are concise and easy to follow and there's a nice connection, as a player, to your team because you're learning along with them.I also love how, as you learn new hiragana, you can go back and review earlier lessons, especially the vocabulary lessons, and rewrite the words using more hiragana each time. I truly and sincerely hope the creators of this game create a follow-up for more advanced learners for the kanji and katakana.Would I recommend this game to people wanting to learn Japanese from the very basics? I already have several times and I'm only just barely scratching the surface myself!"
76561198161795751,Recommended,438270,23882805,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Illya,"Only 2 hours in, but this has been so much easier to understand than my spanish teachers lol, I truly recommend this if you're wanting to learn basic japanese or even want to play an RPG (a hard one, but an RPG no less)"
,Recommended,438270,23801552,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,me987789,"I'm absolutely loving this game!First off, its a solid game. Classic RPG with good music and fun gameplay.Second, I'm totally learning Japanese. Its a very fun and subtle way of commiting hiragana to memory.10/10, everyone whos interested in learning Japanese should get this game!"
,Recommended,438270,23868587,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TwitchyPaws,I played this game for a little while so here are my thoughts:It's interesting in how the story set up to require the characters to learn Japanese. It's cute and defiently something I think would be a good learning aid. Would love to see more games like this out there!I would reccomend this game to beginners. People who don't know their hiragana or struggle with it.
,Recommended,438270,24081406,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,PikaTaco,Ive already learnt the basics of hiragana and speaking but this game is still awesome and has a great balance between learning and fun.12/10 would talk to the snow man again
76561198066081512,Recommended,438270,24088113,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lurinne,Awesome <3
76561198138439974,Recommended,438270,24088183,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,noamstero,"As an everyday american otaku, this game is good. it shows that not all rpg maker games are bad and it teaches you something while still being fun. I already knew all the hiragana so at times for me it was a little slow, but for a person who is new to japanese this would be a great way to learn. and while the story is a little shallow and cheesy at times, that's not the main purpose of the game anyways. 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,438270,24091142,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Torremond,"As a fan of retro turn-based-RPGs and of the japanese language I can really recommend this game. It is fun to play and you have the educational factor in there, which makes this game very compelling. I do believe that people find it cumbersome to remember all kana and especially the stroke order, but this game teaches you how to do it: left to right, top to bottom, just like the japanese kids learn it in elementary school. Hiragana are the first type of characters the japanese children learn, and you basically approach the language as they do.If you ever plan to visit Japan, as I have done it multiple times in my life, this game at least gives you some basic vocabulary. You might not be getting that far with it, but this game is pretty much evoking curiosity in people, which is a splendid effect, as they might be getting more interested in japanese language and have a decent knowledge of Hiragana once they finish this game (I believe, I am not through it yet, but if the game keeps the lessons up in this manner, this will for sure be the case).I bought this game during the steam sale, but (given that I pretty much like both characteristic features of the game) I would also have bought it at full price.I wish there was an equivalent game for Katakana and Kanji, I would absolutely buy them within the fraction of a second.Judging from the perspective that this is more or less an ""educational"" game, I would say I haven't seen a better one in a while.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,438270,24074008,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel -帝-,gut
76561198267330329,Recommended,438270,24067179,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lamron ot,I love this game so much. So Funny. Words Capturing people just a classic.Highly Recommend. for fun or educationalsupercalifragilisticexpialidocious = すぺrcあlいfらぎlいstいcえxぴあlいどcいおうs
,Recommended,438270,24020942,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Abej6539,Great game. I learned Japanese and I knew nothing about it beforehand.
,Recommended,438270,23970010,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,maymays,"this game has supprised me, its like playing a pokemon game while learning japanese. totally worth it!"
,Recommended,438270,23972730,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bathus Azar,I went into this with already some knowledge of Hiragana. It turns out i didn't know as much as I thought I did or things that I didn't think about. It's engaging with wonderful music and I lost several hours on my first time playing it. Totally worth it. Please do one for Katakana and Kanji.
,Recommended,438270,24504797,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nowaru,Finished the game with ease. Well that's how good the game teaches you the basics and keeps on refreshing your memory of the Hiragana syllables and simple vocab through repeated battles with the Hiragana warriors. It's like bashing Hiragana into your memory through a simple yet interesting RPG game.
,Recommended,438270,24498761,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,evileye,"A good fun way to learn hiragana and some simple words without too much effort. I went on to learn katakana with different methods after this. Worth it, although everyone learns differently."
,Recommended,438270,24469130,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Seu Chiko,"A very interesting way to learn, innovative.I recommend both for the experience o playing this kind of game and for the knowledge.10/10."
76561198136518480,Recommended,438270,24494227,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,std::weak,"Make the sequel, please. It works much better than textbook."
76561198045080783,Recommended,438270,24613414,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,L0stLP,"Do you want to learn Japanese Hiragana the same way you memorise random encounters in RPGs?This is still a educational game, so you will need to write down notes and lessons.The difficulty is very low, as most mobs die in 1 or 2 hits and your team usually goes first.If you do sidequests, you have the option to get instant level ups.The usable items are unnecessary, because the girls can heal and the dungeons are not long enough to run out of mana.The guys only get a skill at high level, if you even notice it.It does feel like a basic RPG maker game, but the Japanese culture it presents improves it."
76561198038606733,Recommended,438270,24662513,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bethos28,"Amazing game, not only is it educational but the story is pretty neat. I'm almost finished beating the first part and can't wait to buy the 2nd game. I trully hope we get to see the 3rd Arc where we get to learn Kanji. I have spoken to lots of people about kanji and they are frightened and disinteresed in learning it...I say to the makers of sleepyDuck to wipe that idea from the face of the world with your upcoming 3rd arc Kanji Battle. Everyone should learn another language, it's backed up by reasearch that it's good for your brain, but making it fun ....I beleive only Sleepy Duck is the only one on Earth that can do it. I'm cheering for you sensei!!!"
,Recommended,438270,24553841,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,P. One,could be better but is already great. i appreciate the idea. . hope the next title get some improvements
76561198301079212,Recommended,438270,24471985,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Xx_COLLOSSAL_xX,its cool how they use a jrpg ike game platform to teach you the game itself is acually pretty good 10/10 IGN would play again
,Recommended,438270,24580575,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Abraxas,">gud back story/reason to learn>too many battles (litterally every other second, even if finished)>i get ur suppose to learn but too repeatative (again battles)"
,Recommended,438270,24579329,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Riptin,"I have tried Pimslar and R. Stone both were awful was going to give up learn languages until i ran into thisone. this here is a game an actual game which made learning easy AND FUN! watch, just watch! THEY WILL BECOME BIG! HUGE! support their new game on kickstarter. Tell them i sent you."
76561198299585461,Recommended,438270,24531399,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,killerhove,This is an awesome game. It has you really repeating each of the characters over and over again as you play. It inadvertently forces you to remember the hiragana characters or else you'll just be wasting attack turns for nothing. (And we all know that every gamer hates attacking and seeing a 0 pop up. :D  )
76561198162519071,Recommended,438270,24507942,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,davinchi044,"as far as to learn Hiragana goes it does it job, but I wouldn't recommend this game if youonlywant to learn Hiragana.but ¿why I am recommending it then? it's because it give some really usefull basic about japanese grammar for beginners mid and late in the game, making it really good game for those who know nothing about japanese. if you have never studied japanese and wants to this will help."
,Recommended,438270,24125200,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Yui ユイ,I beat the game. Was painful but fun some howGraphics: 8/10 Meh for their first game this is not bad.Story: 9/10 To make a educational game have a story line this is pretty good. (It is funny)Education part: 9/10 They needed to work on the font they use for the charcters.
76561198158348695,Recommended,438270,27167949,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tacocat90,"Thank you for helping me learn in such a simple, yet effective way."
76561198244470720,Recommended,438270,27224308,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"It's a really good game. If you combine it with a notebook and maybe a few worksheets, you can learn Hiragana pretty effectively."
,Recommended,438270,27319205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ぢみ,Really fun way to learn some basics in the Japanese language for anyone interested. The battles make it easy to absorb and revise what you learn.
76561198003815785,Recommended,438270,30937972,Posted: 4 April,all,Virus 40 oZ,"Great buy. I've studied hiragana before but not enough to make it really stick in my head. This game is great for that. It's an old school turn based rpg where you have to choose the english pronounciation in order to damage the enemy, which is a hirigana character. It's a really good way to make yourself remember the characters. I think it teaches you words and more later on in it but I just started it."
,Recommended,438270,27236467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lokojo122,"I always wanted to learn Japanes but never knew where to start. Thanks to this game i know most of hirigana( i would leart whole if not that thanks to this game i also learn kanji, speaking and culture facts and story). It was best spent money on steam so far. Not boring, actualy can you teach something and fun to play."
76561198081655273,Recommended,438270,27413500,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meistr755,Great game. I already knew hiragana but still bough this game to support developers. Eagerly waiting for katakana edition.
,Recommended,438270,25950458,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Elanez Alshain,"I can remember more than 10 words in just 1 night by playing this game.Bien hecho, muchas gracias!!"
76561198009040163,Recommended,438270,26362404,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YellowNinja5,"I don't ussally leave reviews about thing since I feel like it's a waste of time (even though I ussally look at them myself), but this game is really awesome!  It's given me the motivation to actually learn things.  I've been on and off trying to learn Japanese and just haven't really gotten the urge to really get into it.  This game has done just that for me!  If you are looking for a fun way to learn Japanese I would recommend this game!"
76561198001304534,Recommended,438270,26740892,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lag Dragon,I played through once so far and liked almost all of it. some of the sounds were bad or just too fast to understand but they were usually on sounds that you likely already know.  I didn't really pay enough attention when they were doing the vocabulary and suffered as you need it later in the game so keep in mind that everything they teach will come back in some way.
76561198113378464,Recommended,438270,26944501,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jakeski,Konnichiwa!This is a good starting point for learning Japanese.I went into this game with prior knowledge of Hirigana and I wished I knew about this game back then.Educational + Fun.Ganbarou!
,Recommended,438270,26031790,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sena,"""Learn Japanese To Survive!"" or the name I gave it: ""How to be a better weeb's guide!""Too lazy to learn moon runes by yourself? Don't wanna just sit and study like a normal person would? Then this game's for you, ladies and gentlemen. F#cking buy it!BUY IT!P.s: You'll still have to write a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of things, taking notes and all, but it's fun and it really pays off!"
,Recommended,438270,26011864,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Arff Arff Arff,"The story is pretty weaksauce, and the puzzles are essentially ""oh it looks like we need to find this, do you see any of this lyring around in this small area"". That being said, it balances game play and learning pretty well, although I wish that there was some more quizzes that you can do other than the ones at the end of lessons. It would also be nice if they gave you helpful hints to remember the characters (like い could be described like the english i, with the left stroke being the bottom and the right stroke being the dot).Those are just minor problems though, you can get tests and learning assitants elsewhere, the really cool thing about the game is it actually makes you want to learn and grind through the generic RPG maker levels. It honestly makes the learning fun, so I gotta give it a big thumbs up for that."
,Recommended,438270,26017448,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ice | ColdSphinX,"Fun story and good concept. Now, I hope that Katakana War will be there soon!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=754837464"
76561198112042987,Recommended,438270,26051009,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,GamingGodAkantra,"For those of players who trying to learn Japanese, this is a descent way to start.  It is far from perfect as it pretty much ignores the existence of the other 2 character systems, but if you can't afford college course, or a plane ticket its a good starting basis.Something that should be remembered before purchasing, this is first and foremost an educational tool, and a game second.  If you buy this expecting some miracle of gameplay, or an incredible story; then you need to look at the games price tag.  If you still believe that after, then you will be dissappointed.  If I were to rate this as a game alone, I could not give my recommendation to buy.But looking at this as an educational tool, you couldn't find a better (or cheaper) tool to teach yourself Hiragana.  It really isn't a replacement for a college course in Japanese, with a competent teacher; but it will be a useful tool for the memorization of these symbols.  The game was obviously made in your average RPGMaker, and the story is corny and mediocre.  But as an educational tool for beginners and a descent way to practice for intermediate speakers, I can give my recomendationto buy it."
,Recommended,438270,25957593,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,paddyoawesome,"Don't speak japanese, knew nothing about hiragana. I can now read it! An excellent game!"
,Recommended,438270,25836964,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Waves,"I went far into this game to learn a little Japanese. This is a great studying tool to learn the Hiragana alphabet as well as a limited range of vocabulary including the Hiragana you learn. For the price mark of $6,99, it might deter some people. I would love if the price was lower for such a small learning tool, but if you like learning through games, I would definitely consider buying this.The battles are simple: match the romaji to the correct Hiragana to damage it.Personal Pros:First starting the game, the learning was not intimidating at all. It goes through pronunciation and strokes to properly write the Hiragana. From there, it gives you time to reinforce the Hiragana you've learned by progressing through a stage. Having to memorize which hiragana corresponds to which translation effectively helps me. Another thing that was helpful was the ""Ghoul Ruins"" stage, where the battles are flipped. You have to match the right Hiragana to the correct romaji to fight. Learning in that type of reversal is also beneficial. Also, what I appreciate, is that equipment and items in the late game start to change into Hiragana format, so that in order to read them, you must have properly understood what you have been learning so far. Conversations and words in the late game will also include Hiragana, most of which are phrases that you have become acquainted with already to use. Lastly, it's a game. You're going to have a little fun while you're learning stuff. That's the best way to learn stuff, at least for me.Summary:- Nice learning progression- Good reinforcement through battles- Transition into medium use of hiragana later- It's a game, you'll have fun while learningPersonal Cons:The enemies seem to have a sort of format. Example: This random encounter will only include a certain 3 or 4 Hiragana, so it's easy to memorize which Hiragana is used to defeat a certain battle. Also, most stages only contain the newest set of Hiragana learned at the time. I would have really loved if all stages jumbled up the Hiragana you've learned so far to truly test if you remember everything from beginning to end. Or even if there was a hidden stage in the last game to practice matching the Hiragana to the romaji counterpart instead. In addition, the newest hiragana you fight every time might be too difficult to fight (you might get smashed by their latest attacks), so you could find yourself farming levels and practicing only a certain set of Hiragana to catch up, which sucks because you want to move on and equally spend time practicing everything else. A small con that really made me sad: the menu navigation. When you scroll down to the bottom, I REALLY wish it would reset and start again from the top. It would help with selecting answers during fights so much.Summary:- Fixed Hiragana battles and enemy encounters- New stages only practice the latest Hiragana set learned- More time must be spent in a certain area to catch up on levels, therefore more time is invested into a certain set of Hiragana, not everything else as a whole- THE MENU NAVIGATION ;_;So far, I'm pretty much right before the boss. This has been a great study tool just for the Hiragana. Every time I go into a battle, I make sure to write down what Hiragana I am up against to practice the strokes, and if I plan on escaping the battle (which I tend to do if I'm way far ahead of the stage), I make sure I am aware of which Hiragana is which. Definitely enjoyable, but just make sure that you are aware that this is a learning TOOL, not an actual game to learn a huge portion of Japanese. Also, if you are interested, but the price deters you, just check out some free apps out there to help get you started on Hiragana instead.Overall? 8/10"
76561198254487558,Recommended,438270,25832427,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ciscotaku,"Finished learning Hiragana, Katakana and Kanji to go. Great game to learn Hiragana"
,Recommended,438270,26298010,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Spanish Zebra,"I just got it and have only learned the short vowels so far. I am enjoying it, and the game clears off any questions the player may have. The game is really cheap during the sale and I highly suggest you get it."
,Recommended,438270,27503951,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AnonymousIvy,"Definitely worth the money, a fun way to learn hirigana which doesn't recquire any prior knowledge of the language. Looking forward to the release of the Katakana equivalent soon."
76561198086048843,Recommended,438270,30940014,Posted: 4 April,all,Tram,"This is a great help to me, simple and fun to use :)"
,Recommended,438270,30947561,Posted: 4 April,all,Zanza,"A fun way to learn and memorize all Hiragana, although a bit too grindy."
,Recommended,438270,27481226,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akahitoha,This game teaches you Japanese the fun way.Recomended for people who wants to learn Japanese.
,Recommended,438270,23282183,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,yuri,お yeah!!!!
,Recommended,438270,23813705,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dreamnook,"Bought this on sale.I've been trying to learn Japanese by myself.And never find a good, simple, and fun way.Which is what this game brings.I love this! Helps A TON.Definity worth it!!"
,Recommended,438270,23780457,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tanuki,Good for learning Hiragana.
76561198044416975,Recommended,438270,23960427,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,meowpenguin,Simple to use and fun to play lots of helpful repetition which is important to learning anything.
,Recommended,438270,27960450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MysticSheik,"NOTE: I've not completed this game yet, so I'll update my review if anything changes along the road.Idea & CreativityLearn Japanese to Survive - Hiragana Battle is one of the more unique games in terms of idea and creativity. The whole concept of creating a JRPG where you have to continually learn and master Hiragana is very original.StoryThe story isn't anything revolutionary. An evil wizard and his Hiragana warriors destroys your hometown, and you then set out on a journey to defeat him by learning Hiragana yourself. It's cliche and it doesn't set the game apart at all, but it does give an explaination to why you're learning Hiragana.The characters and dialogue isn't too special either. There are some attempts to give the characters a personality and some attempts at humor, but it all blends into one and another.GameplayThe gameplay reflects the idea of learning Hiragana, by having to use the skill which corresponds to the Hiragana character in order to damage it. It's easy and simple, and it works well in the early part of the game. Later on, when you learn more Hiragan, you end up with a list of over 50 skills. It gets more complex in terms of the Hiragana you have to keep track of, but there isn't much progression in the gameplay itself. The list of skills end up becoming one big mess which is tedious to scroll through, and it's pretty much about using the correct skill over and over again.With a great game concept like this, I really wish the developer would have dragged all the creativity further to strenghten the gameplay. It would have done so much to see some progression in the gameplay, by for example having to chain different answers together to defeat words for example.I also found the equipment and levels to be unneccessary. The game would have worked just as great if every Hiragana character was killed by one correct answer, and by only damaging the player if the wrong answer is given. The game pulls in these unneccessary JRPG elements which doesn't add anything to the game, and it hurts the gameplay.Graphics & AudioThe graphicsis pretty much like what you expect from most RPG Maker games. It's not bad, but it doesn't set the game apart or give it an individual artistic look. The audio mostly consists of some generic background music, as well as sound effects of pronounciation of Hiragana characters and words.ConclusionFor $2.99 (on sale), I got a very creative game concept with mediocre execution, as well as learning Hiragana. I would love to see similiar games (Katakana Battle, for example), which takes the same concept and push it even further by refining the gameplay and artistic identity, because I feel like Hiragana battle is mostly a rough concept sent through the RPG Maker factory at this point. I still recommend it if you're interested in learning Hiragana though."
76561198089177655,Recommended,438270,28005926,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Psychen,"Do you know that feeling when you spend hours playing games and then you look back thinking you were just wasting time?Truth is, with most games we`re always getting something in return, even if just a stress relief. I love the concepts behind gamification, and this game takes it one step further by making education a breeze!If you`re into games & interested in Japanese, I seriously encourage you to give this a go!Hopefully more developers will follow this approach in the future :)"
,Recommended,438270,27917172,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Der Presenz,"I like it, waiting for the Katakana version to be released."
76561198016880169,Recommended,438270,28134922,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,PraQnick,Melhores 5 reais já gastos na minha vida
76561198035467477,Recommended,438270,28110835,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,eatheringtonp,"If you want to learn some Japanese, it's pretty cool and is working pretty well IMO. If you're not into that and looking for depth of gameplay, there are better RPGs.Pros: I'm learning a heck a lot of characters. In the first few levels, I'm up to nearly forty characters and am able to read and write a few basic words.Both reading, writng and pronunciation are coveredCons: The RPG elements could use a little more flesh. There's not really anything to tell you what kind of hit points or damage a character has, no indication of what order they will go in so you can plan, etc.There's nothing new in the RPG elements. Very standard fare. You'll come or go for interest in the learning of some Japanese."
76561198194960395,Recommended,438270,28111697,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,lmart1999,This game is extremely good at teaching the basics of japanese hiragana and its much more entertaining than I originally thought it would be. 10/10 for an educational game
,Recommended,438270,28078730,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skullface,Very beautiful game. Highly recommended to whoever wants to learn Japanese!
,Recommended,438270,28145509,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ZombieFurbie =pF=,"This game was amazing and absolutely kickstarted my japanese learning career.If you're looking about where to go after this, start picking up Tae Kim's guide. Then it's off to the wonderful grind of Anki/Memrise.Thank you so much for this game. Absolutely motivated myself to learn this crap."
,Recommended,438270,28010231,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,agameraaron,"TL;DR  ""A great introduction edutainment game for learning Japanese.""Probably the best edutainment game designed to teach you Japanese, so far as I'm aware. Unfortunately it only goes so far. One might think they are only learning Hiragana though & I can at least say there is a fair amount of grammer & vocabulary that is taught as well. They have already announced another game for katakana, so I'm hopeful they will be able to move on to some kanji for something more around my level.The battle game challenge is a bit intense if you don't grind as it intends you to do since each battle is mini review. I didn't die once in this game, but there were many times when it was close. In fact, pretty much every encounter was me being close to death with each turn. And since many things had higher speed with my first encounters with them, they would get some hard hits in regardless of my own skill. I think the balance would work better if there were 3 characters, but each took more around 1/3rd damage instead of a full 1/2+ if one were a bit underleveled.You're allowed to run at 100% success rate with no penalty. I think I like this, but of course with my preferences these days it wouldn't be a problem if the encounters were visible before doing an encounter and there were ways to avoid the enemies. I'm not sure these devs are skilled or financially independent enough to go through with all that anyways. As it stands with random encounters, having an easy escape tool is good enough for a learning tool, I suppose.The story is mildly comedic, which I think is a fine approach. I think it was kind of a lost opportunity though much of the story's events being all too brief. They could have fleshed out the characters, setting & added funnier jokes in some of the text & events that feel more like filler. Granted a game like this is designed to be padded, but it feels they didn't pad it out with much other than the battles and all the 'puzzles' that basically give the run around.It's still a solid study tool sans actual writing. It asks you to practice writing each new character, do what it says to help you remember. It is because of it being a reliable tool for learning that I recommend this for all beginners of Japanese!"
76561198102531202,Recommended,438270,27993281,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dipper,Awesome game! Who says learning Japanese wouldn't be fun? Only problem I have is the character/sprite isn't as responsive as it could be but all in all the game is really good!
76561198015068719,Recommended,438270,27983684,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shelahir,"Kanji? Hiragana? Katana? What??Why are there two alphabets that say the same stuff?? How am I supposed to even remember what... symbol-thingy means what?CAPTAIN, THERE'S TOO MANY OF THEM!!!Well, fear no more! SLEEPY DUCK TO THE RESCUE~~!!!Hiragana Battle is a learning game structured like an RPG. During the game you will face enemies in turned-base battles that will require you to associate the Hiragana warriors  (your enemies) with their corresponding romanized version, for example: か becomes 'ka'. Only then will you be able to deal the warriors damage and defeat them.Even though I already know most of the Hiragana, there are always some characters that escape my mind and this games helps me reinforce what I already know and helps me recall what has slipped my mind.TLDR: If you want to start learning Hiragana in a fun way and/or have the memory of a goldfish like me, this game does an amazing job of teaching you."
,Recommended,438270,27975697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,efriguy,I really like how this game is made. It forces to learn hiragana so that you can progress in the game. Even though I have played over 15 hour I still haven't beaten the game. This game is really fun and if you are fan of old RPG games you most likely enjoy to play this one. You even learn some Japanese as a bonus.+easy game mechanics+replayable lessons+works almost any computer+RPG-Too easy level system-No steam cloud (not really an issue but I had to start new saves after I accidentally removed the game.)
76561198344743091,Recommended,438270,28193228,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Yuukimaru,"Didnt look very attractive to start playing, but I easily got into it, had lot of fun, and really learned hiragana and lot of words.They really tought of everything and worked out all the details.I hope to see more games like this one."
,Recommended,438270,28451705,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Arkate,"Really nice game, everything feels intuitive and everything is easy to learn."
76561198051583983,Recommended,438270,24262231,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Droop,"Good game, great game to learn the basics of Japanese.It's far from expensive and well made, you don't have to worry about repeating the same tasks during the whole length of the game."
76561198140400720,Recommended,438270,24431793,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Silkan,personally i learnt spanish the 5 years in school and cant remember a single thing because it was simple repetition with nothing able to grab my attention and keep me interested or entertained adding to that the fact i have a poor memory i thought i would never even begin to learn japanese so when i bought this game it was out of more curiosity. now having played it for two weeks i know and can remember everything that i  have learnt on my journey through the game even though it can be abit repetetive the fact that i want to know the end and my competetive nature helps me pay more attention then i ever did in school so if your like me and have a poor memory or a shot attention span but enjoy playing games i recommend buying this game for somewhere to start when learning japanese.
,Recommended,438270,24434950,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,codyr29,"This game was perfect! It's been something like 10 years since i last touched up on japanese and this was a very refreshing reminder of hiragana. Because this game has many similar aspects to pokemon, I didn't have much difficulty trying to become interested in the game. I found myself trying to level up my characters for hours so I could crush the hiragana warriors. As was the case in pokemon, this process was very repetitive and annoying to do at times but it's perfect for this game. This is because while you are trying to level up, you start to recognize the characters more and more to where it almost feels like a fun version of flash cards. Of course there is still a lot to learn but this game definitely gives you a good start."
76561198179536122,Recommended,438270,24288381,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,apapsing,"I love this game!I suggest when attack ememy will play the word sound to let us listen more to more easy to remember!I play it on my Windows Tablet, I need always click the software keyboard to click the  ""ESC"" key, can you add a menu and cancel button  on the screen please?"
,Recommended,438270,24416079,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MikeKHM,"A fun and effective way to learn hiragana via RPG elements, learn it within a few hours! (It keeps you engaged, much more so than if you learn from textbooks)Now waiting for katakana and possibly kanji."
,Recommended,438270,24007446,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,densetsu_hoshi,"Good game. Teaches you listening, reading, and writing."
,Recommended,438270,24007574,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aurora,Love it! It is useful only if I can stop myself from my notes. And the success of defending the enemies really encourage me to learn more.
,Recommended,438270,31733217,Posted: 13 May,all,David,とても良い
,Recommended,438270,31776496,Posted: 15 May,all,SilentNinja,"2 hours in and addictited already XD, great way to learn the basics Japanese with out felling the pain of having lessons from a 80 year teacher at your school who can hardly speak the language"
76561198059203207,Recommended,438270,31926874,Posted: 23 May,all,BDean The  (´・ω・`),"With the amount of time I've spent, it's been immersively the best learning from any game, but could use a few ways to speed up the learning process."
76561198154543648,Recommended,438270,31944355,Posted: 24 May,all,CrazedWolfPuppy,"I have nothing against how the class is set up or how it teahes you what it does. The game set up is absolutely terrible. The second game is much better because of the different(BETTER) turn-based battle system that helps you learn the characters. Everything else is fine, even the art is okay, it's just the battle tests set up that I despise. If I didn't want to learn Japanese so bad, and hadn't already spent the money on this game, I wouldn't play."
76561198039436965,Recommended,438270,32058715,Posted: 30 May,all,Autarchml,Been learning Japanese off and on for a while now and this game finally managed to get the Hiragana alphabet ingrained in my head. Works really well. Good use of the RPG maker engine. Would definetly reccomend. Going to give the Katakana one a jam now
,Recommended,438270,32167397,Posted: 3 June,all,Hyper,If I was serious about learning japanese I would play this more. But what I have seen it looks pretty good.
76561198074248466,Recommended,438270,28330176,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,vargaraseri,"Really funny extra training to remember and learn Hiragana writing. I liked it alot! simple and short game,  but sure does the learning little bit more fun!"
,Recommended,438270,28209205,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,flueckli,"What a nice game! Awesome for remembering all the Hiragana and also the Vocab parts were really nice. But whoa, the final battle is just stunning. Enjoyed mostly everything, though from the grim tower onwards it's exceptional.Can't wait for the upcoming Katakana Version. Sad it isn't out yet! :O Please continue your hard working!"
,Recommended,438270,27451452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ホタル HotaruT,This is a fun and simple way to learn Hiragana and some useful words and sentences.Use of a pen and notebook is highly recommended. It also teaches the tecniques of how to draw Hiragana.
76561198062178881,Recommended,438270,30942616,Posted: 4 April,all,The Great Will,"likes:best for start learning japanese!characters and the plot. the doge, especially the doge in towncombination of lessons with repetitive exercises (battles with hiragana)funny, detailed learning lessons and side questsno dlc, no microtransactionsdislikes:no control over attack sequence. I would like to rearrange the attack orderno mp potion in shop so farvocab lessons should have kanji. there's no way you can remember the vocab or explain without it..some vowel/consonant are marked as two different attack but not equivalent. wtfweapon shop do not provide enough high tier item for grinders like me in stage 4. not sure for stage 5different hiragana enemies have different strength, but no cosmetic difference. all enemies are the same, which is somehow unattractive and boring after 100+ battles (except boss fights)our sensei, scholar, starts at level 1I could only use Claire as primary character. should have made a male or a doge version for us to choose from start."
76561198020568140,Recommended,438270,28840651,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Soapbox,"Playing this game has been a fantastic experience. I've always wanted to learn a second language, namely Japanese, but when it came to youtube or document-based tutorials, I just couldn't get engaged. It seemed futile, but on a whim (and during the Christmas sale) I found this unassuming little gem for just over a dollar. What could I possibly gain from buying it?I've only been playing for three days now, but within that time, I've learned 25 different Hiragana characters, can say at least 10 sentences and I know some handy greetings. For example, I didn't actually know 'karaoke' was Japanese, and there's even a language system known as Katakana that's specifically for representing foreign words. I'm currently on lesson 3 but it's already given me a ton to process.You need the temperament and attitude of wanting to learn Japanese. Of course, there's a game underneath and it totally services what it was built for, but ""Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle"" is really a thiny-veiled second language course and that's how it needs to be treated. I was surprised when the game asked to take notes, but believe me, this is an extremely essential part of the game and you'll want to write down every single thing it says, including practicing how to write the characters, memorizing them and any other memetic trick or habit you can think of. Writing down vowels in Hiragana for the first time was pretty difficult, but after doing it a lot, it became really easy; it's clear that learning this stuff is designed to rewire your brain, and you're not gonna get that unless you actually write these things down. It'll be even worse when you're actually fighting against the ""Hiragana warriors"" because you're guaranteed to forget some of this stuff.Playing this game taught me that I don't really learn well unless I'm in some kind of classroom environment. Cherry picking things off of Youtube or random tutorial sites is bound to fail me because, unlike this game, it lacks the necessary components of learning, which is feeling engaged, interested, focused and rewarded. I dunno if any of you are like this or not, but if you are, I highly recommend picking this up, whether it's on sale or not."
76561198055070358,Recommended,438270,28815452,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Crushinator,Amazing game.For me this was a refresher and more since the last time I learned hirgana was 10 years ago.I feel this is a really good way to learn hirgana because it is interactive and fun rather than learning straight out of a text book. The game really keeps your attention and introduces you  common phrases along the way.Have your notebook ready cause this is a fun one.  5/5
,Recommended,438270,28925432,Posted: 1 January,all,NaRD|TYS,"Hiragana Battle has the honor of being my first Steam Review.  That said, this title is well worth full price, I bought it on a whim during a sale.  It teachers you the Hiragana alphabet while being a very enjoyable RPG.  However, I will say you should treat this title as a supplement instead of an end all be all, just as anything else you would when you are learning something new.Hiragana Battle does exactly what it promises and then some.  I learned and committed the alphabet to memory through light grinding and a few online resources.  The explanations for how to write the characters, while not too involved, were more than enough for me to follow and understand.  As you play, the game provides you with plenty of vocabulary, and even touches on sentence structure.  I don't claim to be fluent, but I did spot a few inconsistencies with my other learning resources, but for the most part everything agreed with whatever I researched.The story itself is no Witcher, but a nostalgic callback to simpler JRPGs in the vein of say, Dragon Quest.  Simplistic turn based combat and spells are in your arsenal, though not at all required to complete the game.  Boss battles are not difficult at all, but then again I grinded a bit during each area to make sure I knew what characters were what before moving on.  It's a learning game first after all.I want to give a special note to the soundtrack, it definitely helped the light slog because the songs are all very good.  I can't think of one that I didn't like.All in all, if you want to learn Japanese, or at least begin to, this is a great place to start.  You still have to study, you still have to set aside time, and you still have to commit, but at least here you'll enjoy yourself while you learn.  A must have for aspiring language learners."
,Recommended,438270,28935425,Posted: 2 January,all,Ayreon,"As said in the description the game mainly focuses on teaching all the different Hiragana characters along with a few words (something between 50-100) and some very common phrases (about 20). That's not really that much all in all and shows that this isn't meant to be a standalone way to learn to language. If you want to do that you will need additional learning material. And this material usually does what this game does and more.Why get this game then? If you're struggling to remember all the Hiragana characters this is an awesome way to burn them into your brain. Usually learning new characters is very tedious and this game does a great job in making it fun. So if you want to learn the language grab some study material, buy this game and get a good start in learning the first set of japanese characters."
76561198058174952,Recommended,438270,24048159,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,darkwolf,I played this game a little and i have to say it's been a fun way to learn hiragana.
,Recommended,438270,24158878,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lancer624,Fantastic game for a beginner. I've played through the first few hours and I'm enjoying myself practicing to learn a new language.
76561198081823292,Recommended,438270,24141166,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Matt,"Nothing too intense. Exactly what you'd expect and hope for. A slow but well paced introduction in to the Hiragana. I would of liked some interaction between the mouse movement & script writing to help with learning the strokes, but apart from that it's a solid game/tutor."
76561198123639516,Recommended,438270,24115019,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sparx,"It is perfect for beginner and a fun review for the more experience. I had fun and learn something, but the encounters can get annoying and there need to more of a rotional on characters you mastered and the characters you are unsure about."
76561198017086179,Recommended,438270,24128525,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,鳴狐™,Learning hiragana has never been as fun till I chanced upon this game. The rpg adventure style of this game made learning so fun and easy.
76561198016801878,Recommended,438270,24119558,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lažov Monstrum,"Bought it on sale and it's worth every single penny.Altough you don't learn much vocabulary through the game, it still teaches you the basics to start learning japanese.This is how you should teach people languages that use a different writing system than our standard one. I would love to see the katakana sequel and maybe another intermediate version that focuses a little bit more on vocabulary. It would also be great to see an arabic version, since you can apply the same tutoring system that is used in this game.For everyone who ever wanted to start learning Japanese, there is probably no better software, book or game out there.Highly recommend!"
76561198075302230,Recommended,438270,24120995,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,cyko22,"I'm only on sa se su so shi (not in order) so i'm not far but thus far its really solid. this doesn't just need DLC for Kanji you guys should make games like this for any language. i'll be first in line for that. if i did have to gripe about something i'd say, i'd prefer if the fights incorperated older material slightly more often. i found myself going back to the first area just to brush up on the first symbols. i do feel like i'm starting to get it tho."
,Recommended,438270,24138947,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,竜ヶ峰帝人 RyuugamineMikado,The game is more awesome if katakana and kanji is available.
,Recommended,438270,28316755,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Katame,"This is an excelent way to learn the very basic hiragana. It is taught in order of the alphabet and it is done in a fun and interesting game. I would totally recomend this to people wanting to learn the basics and have a little fun. I would not recomend this for people who want a quick practice of all the alphabet at once as this has a lot of story for that, but it is great for learning and drilling while learning. I also like how the game is played and that it is so remenicent of old school RPGs. I can't wait for Katakana War to hit Steam. I feel I still have not learned Katakana, alphabet for forigen words, that it will help me more and will get me to learn the darn thing.Anyways good luck with learning Japanese! It is a fun and interesting language. にほんごはたのしとおもしろいです。"
76561198276509256,Recommended,438270,28153776,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ej,It is a great game easy to follow and itss ff2 style gameplay. plus you learn at your own place.
76561198152007012,Recommended,438270,28149157,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,flying spellbook,"as an RPG... meh, i've seen better.  But as a learning game... IT'S F***ING AMAZING.I thing i'll make one about spanish... well maybe the next year..."
76561198064595343,Recommended,438270,28201809,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,cricket_tx_id,"Absolutely wonderful game. Very fun and informative. It was easy and enjoyable.I did study Japanese for two years in high school, but that was over 10 years ago, and it is true what they say: if you don't use it, you lose it. I'm glad I took the advice of the in-game sensei and took notes. Not only did I find them essential for gameplay, but they will also be very helpful as I continue my studies into Japanese language and culture. I was able to complete the game with all side quests in 13 hours.I definitely recommend this game for the linguistically curious of all ages!"
,Recommended,438270,28233305,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,plastiqscott,"I love gaming, but always feel like I never actually benefit from the time sink. Now I am! Game is fun, I'm also learning. Plays like any JRPG, reminds me a bit of Myst in the sense that you have to write things down, learn a foreign language. Great work, hope to see other developers try to make educational games rather than just time sinks.I intend to buy the next game this company releases, great work yall."
,Recommended,438270,23965434,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Teagon,Needs a russian version where you are fighting Master Putin though...
,Recommended,438270,23962497,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Marshmellowette,"I was skeptical of this game at first and got it during a sale, but it actually works depending on how you learn. It worked for me, the pokemon style battles with hiragana characters help commit them to memory, and the game is actually enjoyable. Make sure you have a notebook standing by when you play this game! practicing writing the characters helps you truly learn the beginnings of this language and remeber them even when you're not playing the game."
,Recommended,438270,23946715,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,gdogwoof,"This game taught me amazing new Japanese words, such as ""sushi,"" ""sensei,"" and ""ohayou gozaimasu."" It's not the best, but it's a good place to start, I think. I don't really learn other languages easily. Maybe I should stop typing now."
,Recommended,438270,23948620,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kofuku,"good game ( Recommended) for weebs, my rating 8,9/10-----------------------------------------------------------+ help u learn japanese words+ cute character+ long story+ good story- fighting with japanese words?- 6969696969696 battle in 1 minute- make my friends cant stop calling me weebs :("
,Recommended,438270,23918216,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,captivusdiabli,Please make more games like this one. I would learn the basics of each language if it was this fun and engaging. It is just 2£ and it makes up for a 200£ course or something. I am not even particularly interested in manga or anime or any of the culture and I still am enjoying the hell out of this game. Buy it.
,Recommended,438270,23942785,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Brownittoya,"I really liked the game and how it built upon itself well enough for the subject matter (learning hiragana + some vocab). If you arent too sure whether or not you actually want to pursue a constant struggle that is learning japanese, maybe pick this up. for how cheap it can be on sale ($3 summer sale) this is definitely a steal at taking a jab at the japanese language.However, others may tout that as this game will take you 10+ hours to complete, one is able to study and learn both the hiragana and katakana alphabets in a handful of dedicated hours. This is a valid point, as this game fluffs parts of the studying of hiragana with game mechanics and the likes as it is like a gamer-oriented rosseta stone... no one wants to just cut the fun and study 100% of the time right?this game is good for the gamer that has a small dream/goal and just wants to see if it will be ignited further. i personally am one of these people and my dream/goal is a forest fire now...  I have done a day's worth of research into other great resources for furthering my japanese language development and even introduced my friend to this game in which he has joined me on this endeavor....Conclusionthis is a great way to integrate yourself into learning another language nearly frustration free, easily allowing yourself to consider if you want to pursue japanese further (which i think is worth a lot more than 3-7 measly green dollars)plot: 7/10 (decent for what it is)gameplay: 7/10 (can enjoy a few more tweaks to combat mechanics but its good enough)music: 8/10 (its good all around)lessons: 8.5/10 (learned stuff? check. moving on.)characters/humor: 11/10 (snowman saitama and misaki-bae)overall: 8.3/10どもありがと"
76561198016292979,Recommended,438270,23982629,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Krilldor,"This game is awesome because it delivers on it's promise. Don't expect awesome gameplay or fluent japanese. Both gameplay and the lessons are basic. The fact that the game does both really solidly makes me recommend this game.It's well-made, it's entertaining, it's educational. It's mediocere as far as games go, but it's really good as far as educational games go.Check it out, especially on sale!""Why are you laughing? Did you learn something?"""
76561198119821769,Recommended,438270,24029426,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,New2Game,"I am loving it! At first I was a little frustrated at the lack of instruction (especially controls), but there is a full explanation once you get past the introduction. Keep a notebook handy for your notes, and maybe get somehiragana tracing sheetsfor additional reinforcement."
,Recommended,438270,23941077,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pedro.upline,"One could expect a lame game with educational purposes, akin to those musics your teachers invent to help you memorize the subject. But even as a game, it is fairly good. It teachs japanese really easily and the combat is well balanced.The only two drawbacks, that in no way should make you give up on buying this game, are the lame dialogs (the guys are not from CD Project, cut them some slack) and the ""answers"" menu that gets progressively bigger as you progress through the game.bonus points for the bonus point mechanic that let's you buy levels with points you get from side quests, and for the talking dog."
,Recommended,438270,23908178,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Beebons,Its good for people who are into this kinda thing
,Recommended,438270,23906088,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Antomato,Now I don't have to worry about going to Japan and having no subtitles.
,Recommended,438270,23911441,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dark Confidant,"I used Dr. Moku (online site) to learn Hiragana, but from the amount I played of this it seems like a solid way to learn. It would have been a lot better if it had Katakana, and if it had Kanij it would have been perfect. If this ever gets Kanji DLC I would happy throw $40 at this."
,Recommended,438270,28884512,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Freetime000,"Great idea for learning Hiragana however I learned faster than the game could teach, I enjoyed it until my side learning surpassed the game and I found I had learned the Hiragana in a couple days with out the game. The game is  too slow in it's progression and lacked any higher skill levels. A few adjustments to the progression speed an dbattle system might speed things up a bit."
76561198150978304,Recommended,438270,28886747,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ZDarkAngel,"I've always had an interest in the Japanese language so I decided to try this out and it's surprisingly helpful! I've not gotten far as of writing this but I'm already recognising and translating basic characters in my daily life, pretty fun game too if you like the older FF games"
,Recommended,438270,29032789,Posted: 5 January,all,max_0h4,"Learn Japanese to survive is a JRPG game with the goal of learning Japanese (I know, who would have expected that).Instead of fighting monsters, you mostly fight Hiragana characters and to defeat them you have to use the correct reading command. With this game Japanese gets a lot easier but don't consider using this as a total Japanese reference because it teaches u only Hiragana.Pros:-Old Final Fantasy graphics (for the lovers of the genre and the most nostalgic players)-Easy and intuitive gameplay (the only important challenge is to learn a language)-Original way to learn a language that is not considered easy for Western people-Funny story and enough entertaining-You can go back to old lessons whenever you wantCons:-Sometimes it gets too repetitive (but that's because u need to master the alphabet-At the time of the review there is only HiraganaI recommend this game to all Japan/JRPG/Japanese lovers!8/10"
,Recommended,438270,28994517,Posted: 3 January,all,ITS LOWER KASE k,"Too many encounters, i never thought i could find so many symbols inside of a hallway, that i had to walk back and forth through 4 times -_-."
76561198098781603,Recommended,438270,28833398,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yato,Pretty good for revising some simple hiragana and some phrases in Japanese.. pretty worth the 3 bucks for a simple 8 bit game.
76561198196367451,Recommended,438270,29130376,Posted: 8 January,all,Frostyflakers,This game is an awsome way to learn Hiragana! I would recommend taking it slow there is no reason to rush. I'd also recommend saying the hiragana out loud and pracitce writing the character each and everytime you kill them. It may seem easy at first but when youre at 40+ characters you quickly find yourself forgetting which is which.
,Recommended,438270,31892416,Posted: 21 May,all,Criz da Wiz,Simple but fun! Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,438270,31648491,Posted: 9 May,all,RichChigga,"Good little game but it crashes a lot for no reason, so I keep losing progress. Don't buy this game unless the developers fix it."
,Recommended,438270,31652773,Posted: 9 May,all,HANOVE of the Cephalopods[OBSF],"It gets the job of teaching hiragana done,but it's not all that fun nor is it the most optimal way of learning ,plus it costs money.It's alright if you need to fool yourself to learn stuff and you want to be a weebier weeb."
76561198164013704,Recommended,438270,31677132,Posted: 10 May,all,Hayato Inazumi,"Very simple game and I enjoy this, I have been learning to read the language of Japan, and this made it fun. I would also like it if it came with a study guide book like the Katakana one had it included for a fee, I would not mind paying to have."
,Recommended,438270,32476923,Posted: 16 June,all,LEVI4T4N,"This is a great way to learn Japanese Hiragana, in my opinion.  It can be boring learning out of a book or class.  This combines my desire to learn and RPG games.  The actual game itself is extremely easy if you pay attention to the lessons.  So if you find that the game is too simple, it means you're learning."
,Recommended,438270,32485509,Posted: 16 June,all,Evelyn_Gem,A fun way to learn. I wouldn't suggest using this as your only source to learn but it's fun.
,Recommended,438270,33250542,Posted: 4 July,all,kei,"I've already learned Hiragana and Katakana; and this was a great refresher. I really expected the game to dive into the RPG aspect of the game and just learn hiragana on the side. I found it hilarious how the warriors were the Hiragana symbols themselves. This game is better than most RPG's I see on steam and you learn Hiragana as a bonus!  Learn Japanese To Survive! is a steal for those that are on the fence for buying this type of game in the middle of the summer sale and I would gladly recommend it, I hope to see more Learn Japanese To Survive games (Maybe Learn Japanese To Survive! Kanji Uprising) and I'm going to have a lot of fun just playing through the story even though I already know the characters because it's that much fun! You can buy weapons, armor and the storyline is not bad in it's own right.Tie your Konoha Headbands tightly my warriors you're in for a fantastic ride!"
76561198268946800,Recommended,438270,31064652,Posted: 10 April,all,Water Max,"This is a very good game for learning the Japanese language. It took me 21 hours to complete the game, which is long than most people who reviewed this game, because the game suggests you write everything in a notebook but instead I wrote every little detail in the Notes application on my iPhone and iPad using both Japanese keyboards which are included in the Settings application.I made two different pages in the Notes application which look a bit like grids because on one page I wrote the hiragana letters in one column, how to pronounce them in the next column, then the same hiragana letters with dakuten marks ("") or handakuten marks (o) in the next column and below those columns I wrote grammar particles such as は, が, を, ヘ, の and ですwhich mean words like the, to, of, a, is and after learning all the hiragana letters this game also shows you how sentences, phrases or question are set up using these particles all of which I wrote down in Notes as well. The other page in my Notes application shows all the Japanese words I learnt throughout this game in hiragana letters one column, then in romaji (Latin/English letters) in the next column and then the English translation in the final column. If you have an iPhone or iPad or other smart device which you can easily access Japanese keyboards on I suggest writing down every little detail in a grid or table on an application like Notes the same as I have done.I am looking forward to playing the sequel Learn Japanese To Survive! Katakana War which I have also bought recently and am going to start now. If you want to learn kanji characters there is currently no game in this series for them but after I learnt all the hiragana letters from this game I decided to buy a Japanese language manga volume (specifically volume 1 of 君の名は/Kimi no na wa/Your Name) and it nearly all has hiragana letters or kanji characters and next to each kanji character it shows you how to write it in hiragana letters too so I can just translate everything I don't know yet online by using hiragana letters and learn kanji characters at the same time (which I also write down in my Notes application) so this game was very useful for helping me read my manga too. If you can find a Japanese manga volume like mine with hiragana letters next to kanji characters I think it would be very useful after learning all the hiragana letters from this game to learn kanji too while waiting for a speculated sequel in the Learn Japanese to Survive for kanji characters."
76561198126300382,Recommended,438270,31069192,Posted: 10 April,all,{Ditora},"Saw this game on sale, bought it on a whim. Best decision of the week(end).I found myself up at 3am still scribbling notes in my book cause this game had me hooked. :DPros :Fun way to learn the characters.Lots (I mean LOTS) of repetitionAllows you to recognise characters.The writting animations are your best friend. <3You actually learn this stuff :]Music was nice tooI liked the blond; fun guy.When you had to answer with hiragana to the english enemies. That was a good oneCons:A little unballanced since once you reach a certain character line; the ""older"" ones stop showing up. Once youve reached the Na line (or maybe even before that) I never ever encountered any character from the Ka line.Thus the groups that show up become predictable and come in a bunch. Ive had the group ""yu"" ""yo"" ""ya"" show up more times than i can count (since i kinda got lost on the map by being a noob) and they even showed up one after the other.I dreaded going back to the fuji mountain for those colored stones.... jfc..... two steps; battle. I win; two more steps; battle. lvled up two times just to collect five goddamned balls. And ohh lord. I almost didnt find the Blue one.I have yet to find that magic/legendary sword for that one mission.... i gave upText to speech Japanese... need I say more? XD though it was humorous at times. (like all text to speech)"
76561198155326377,Recommended,438270,27924705,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,the.mnbmnbmnb,"Great, easy and entertaining teaching tool."
76561198133261668,Recommended,438270,21373993,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ZONE | 天守閣 Bender,"Great game, a lot of fun and I actually learned something. It's worth every penny. The GUI seems a bit quirky sometimes, but using the keyboard instead of mouse solved this issue for me.I hope there will be more advanced lessons released in the future. I would buy this game again anytime, even if just to support the idea.A sequel featuring the Katakana will be released soon."
,Recommended,438270,27881869,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,llewysm,Great way to learn a new language!
76561198128237993,Recommended,438270,27799492,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,THOMAS THE ASS DESTROYER,great
76561198049605342,Recommended,438270,27794865,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tgr,"great game, really helps learn hirigana only downside is from what i've seen no random battle mode to help increase speed of recollection."
76561197997986781,Recommended,438270,27741244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Desourval,"Very simple way to learn hiragana, looking forward for katakana war."
,Recommended,438270,28353731,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,♦Floirt,"This game is excellent. If you have zero japanese notions, it teaches all the basics pretty solidly through lessons and RPG battles and side quest exercises. I filled an A4-size notebook with 19 pages of notes while playing through this!There's a few small things that I didn't like in the game, such as the battles being a little too straightforward until the end of the game (though there's pleasant surprises here and there), the dungeon design consisting mainly of ""here's a maze"" or ""hey, now backtrack"" and some interface problems due to some of the RPG maker code, but it does what it wants to do (teach you how to read hiragana) pretty damn well! I blew through it in one sitting and now I'm waiting for the sequel (and I'll probably find something else to keep learning japanese grammar and vocab)."
76561198007827496,Recommended,438270,30054369,Posted: 20 February,all,Marbaus,A fun and easy way to learn Hiragana alphabet. A fine first step to learning how to speak and write in Japanese. Would love to see a Kanji Wars.
,Recommended,438270,29945466,Posted: 15 February,all,Phoenix125,"Great game! The RPG elements are so-so, and the battles can get a little repetitive, but thats how you learn! If you are truely trying to learn Hiragana, then I recommend spending a decent amount of time (15-30+ minutes) each time a new set of characters are introduced. This really helped me recall the characters. Try not to look at your notes, but if you are having trouble in an area, don't be afraid to take a peek. You'll learn more by having fun and repeating areas than you will by frustrating yourself. がんばれ!"
,Recommended,438270,30916458,Posted: 2 April,all,Luna,"Just Japanese people doing their Japanese thing, brilliant game! Tensai desuuuuuu!!!"
,Recommended,438270,29955509,Posted: 15 February,all,Nat'steraceae,日本がわからない、すみませんでした　＞~＜
,Recommended,438270,30093636,Posted: 21 February,all,ｃｒｏｃｏｄｉｌｅ,fun game for learning japanese on a beginner's levelteaches you how to write as well as speaki rate 10/10
,Recommended,438270,30081164,Posted: 21 February,all,JC Verse,"I highly recommend these 2 games to learn Japanese, these games are awesome. They teach you so much and they're honestly pretty fun games over all. Can't wait for the next one!"
76561198083579722,Recommended,438270,29978068,Posted: 16 February,all,GigaHebrew95,"Not too bad of an approach to learning about Hiragana. As someone who learns these things better through interactive media as apposed to just being told to remember it, this is pretty good. The one drawback, however, is that getting to each lesson is a chore. While the system of ""Beat story quest to begin the next lesson"" is fine on paper, if you put off grinding and leveling your characters, actually trying to beat those quests can be a real hassle and, at times, frustrating. Based on the premise and the title of the game itself, people who want this game want it so they can learn Hiragana so the last thing they want are so many barriers to each lesson. It also doesn't exactly help that the RPG aspect isn't very good either. This feels like a bare minumum RPG and all of the focus went into the learning material instead of making decent gameplay, which I guess isn't too bad since the point is to learn Hiragana. Overall, it's a great learning tool but a rubbish RPG."
76561198136225015,Recommended,438270,29977573,Posted: 16 February,all,SlyTheCoon,It's a good game.If you're committed enough to learn Japanese and to finish the game. This is a must buy.
76561198049262663,Recommended,438270,29623252,Posted: 1 February,all,Lord Ostaroot,Fun and simple way to cover Hiragana
,Recommended,438270,29669418,Posted: 3 February,all,ストーファー,"This is a great game which inspired me to take up a language course in Japanese at university, and it's been of great help as far as learning Hiragana and some vocab is concerned(I started the game prior to starting the course and played it alongside learning Japanese IRL) . It was a great supplement during the course, but I don't think you'll learn all that much  Japanese with ""Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle"" as your sole source. As a side thing however, it helps the educational process a whole lot! All in all, can recommend."
76561198262630514,Recommended,438270,29683135,Posted: 3 February,all,Zedrimar,"Best 7 dollars spent ever! Even after just playing for an hour I find it very nice, the repeated encounters are very good at drilling in the characters to memory! This is more of a note to the author(s) though, While the caligraphy with out a doubt LOOKS nicer, it can be somewhat confusing for new people as that is not how it is often shown. Maybe in a patch, add an option  in the menu to use a more ""modern"" smooth font instead to make it a little easier to recognize the symbols (in encounters)? Again, this is an awesome game (in my opinion) but I think that little addition may help a bit for some :) Overall, highly recommend this game for anyone who really wants to learn the language, even in the short time I played I find it very promising!I do not see any option to change the font of the characters as they appear in game (in encounters), unless I missed something...Pardon my bad English, I still have a bit of trouble with the language :/ Mainly sentences and a few words... I tend to mispell some and it can be a bit tiresome without google to help :P"
,Recommended,438270,29683446,Posted: 3 February,all,"Lester,Moe Lester","Great Game for learning japanese but i wish they would make the questions more harder and more randomeg. the questions they ask when battling is kinda fresh out of the memory as you just learned it, if they could add in really random hiragana in it would make it harder and more challenging and this way it gets stuck in my brain, but then its just my brain maybe it might work differently for others anyways other than that it is a great game to play. and also its good to keep some paper with you and a pen i used 13 pieces of paper just to remember stuff and keep notes"
76561198042835480,Recommended,438270,29660589,Posted: 2 February,all,Saygrin,"This game is amazing. it really does teach you to learn japanese with both reading  writing and prouncing the words,  I am only on the second set of Hiragana lessons but already in animes and other japanese products I have I am starting to be like ""hey I recognize that symbol,"" and automatically assoicating it with the american counter part. If you ever wanted to learn Japanese and didn't  know where to start, your  answer is this series right here, so happy to be learning the langugue of the culture I am obssesed with."
76561198001383107,Recommended,438270,29779581,Posted: 8 February,all,Slade O' Niel,"I'm still attempting the game and have not yet beaten it.  However, this has been a very fun educational tool to learn more about the Japanese writing system. The Random Battles are better than flash cards. It manages to really keep the attention going with fun quick quests and even changes it up. Know how to beat the enemy because you've memorized how to pronounce the hiragana? What happens when the system completely reverses? So far I've had a much better time memorizing the hiragana and how to write and pronounce them. So far two thumbs up, and maybe a toe.  Yatta!"
76561198150552428,Recommended,438270,29769654,Posted: 7 February,all,sabicookiecore,Funny game to learn japanese. The game is perfect to learn in your own speed.
76561198011159744,Recommended,438270,29568555,Posted: 29 January,all,Gmork,I learned to read hiragana in 11 hours with this marvelous game.Still need a lot of practice but I am able to read the posters and things in Japanese movies. Also learned some words and grammar basics. A fun way to learn!
76561198049414597,Recommended,438270,29453109,Posted: 23 January,all,TSwank,Fun game for learning the basic characters. Only word of advice: Write down the vocabulary words or you'll be sorry!
,Recommended,438270,29434765,Posted: 22 January,all,David The Ninja (Yamizoku),Great Game to learn hiragana.
,Recommended,438270,29346848,Posted: 18 January,all,Croissant,"Overview:Hiragana Battle is an interesting look at how a videogame could be used to educate someone on a subject beyond small bits of information or factoids. The game does a decent job at teaching Hiragana, thought it lacks in other areas.The game attempts to teach the player the Hiragana form of Japanese writing, which is said by the game to be the most basic form of Japanese writing and that almost all forms of sentences can be written from it.Gameplay:The gameplay teaches Hiragana by presenting you with lessons and then adding the content of the lesson into battles. The battles play out in normal JRPG style, but the enemies are Hiragana characters you have learned. In order to damage them you must know what they mean.The gameplay is by no means complex. The combat is simple, and most of the gameplay aspects follow suit. However this isn’t that big of a deal; Hiragana Battle is a game about learning Hiragana, not about tactical turn based combat.Story:The overarching story is pretty cliché. Wizard wants power. Wizard tries to get power. Heroes decide to kill wizard. So on. So forth. Perfectly acceptable seeing what the actual goal was.The characters aren’t very engaging.  I found myself forgetting their names not seconds after I met them.  That’s fine though; the characters are intended to ease the pain of learning a whole other language, not to grip you with a harrowing tale of wizard fighting.I came to observe the game from a designer perspective and to have some fun learning something new. Some philosophical meaning behind the story would fog up the real point of the game. The point is to learn Hiragana. Everything else is servile to that end.Education:I can’t speak on the accuracy of what I’m learning. This is the first time I have ever heard of the term Hiragana; much less that Hiragana is one of three writing styles in Japan. I have to take it on faith that these people know what they are doing. I hope that my faith is well placed, which by the majority of reviews it seems it is.Before I delve in, you need a pen and paper, no joke. Unless you plan to communicate with a single Hiragana vowel, at the risk of sounding like a caveman emerging from Mount Fuji, you might want to write this stuff down. Class in session!The developers made it pretty hard to screw up learning Hiragana. They give you the sound of the letter or phrase, the English equivalent, an animation on how to write it with the exact order of the strokes, and they give you a study-guide that you can fall back on if you are a bit rusty or don’t remember something. They got their bases covered which adds credibility and makes it far easier to learn.This being said, the game does ask that you actually study Hiragana on your own time. This is the only way you’re going to learn this stuff. Yes, you can make a cheat sheet and just look off that, but that negates the whole game. If you want a story driven JRPG, I respectfully point you to the Final Fantasy series. Hiragana Battle is a JRPG, but in reality it is a game about learning Hiragana, so if you are looking for story and gameplay alone Hiragana Battle might not fill that gap.I am a tad bit dubious as to what extent can you actually take what they teach you. I consider this as an introduction to the language, but I’m not really in the position to say. As I stated earlier this is my most basic exposure to this stuff.In Total:The game does what it sets out to do. Teach people Hiragana. Not only does it succeed, it got positive reception too. Hard to get positive reviews when making a game that teaches anything, much less something as complex and as vast as a language.I would recommend this game to anyone who want to give a well-executed educational game a try, people who want to try and learn Hiragana, and most of all, game developers. Yes, game developers. A lot can be learned from this game in terms of teaching through gamification, and I would love to see a wave of awesome educational games that I can have fun playing while also expanding my mind (even if it’s just a bit).I would give Hiragana Battle a 7/10. The details of the lessons really shine through when learning Hiragana. The story and combat leaves something to be desired, but is more than adequate to keep the player entertained while they learn."
76561198035192891,Recommended,438270,29403995,Posted: 21 January,all,midgkahn,"It makes it quick and easy to learn, and is reminiscent of the old number ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s games and other learning games from the 90s. The game mechanics are simple, and help to reinforce the lessons. Haven't played much so I can't comment to much on the story aspect but am enjoying so far. Would love to see similar games for other languages or for other forms of Japanese such as Kanji or Katakana."
,Recommended,438270,30140882,Posted: 24 February,all,GoD • Skull,"I tried learning Hiragana before with a study book I ordered online, but I couldn't get myself to sit down with it regularly so I forgot a lot of what I learned pretty quickly.Learning Hiragana digitally with this game was way easier for me personally. First I smiled at the story I was presented with, but once you had your first lessons and deepened your knowledge through repetitive exercise it actually started beeing fun. The RPG-elemetns of this game really fit with the educational content.Learning all Hiragana characters and completing the last Study Guide really felt like an accomplishment to me. I'll definitely have a look at their next title for learning Katakana.If you ever considered learning Japanese, this game is a great way to start. I can recommend this game without a doubt."
76561198060804712,Recommended,438270,31187947,Posted: 16 April,all,MrMarkUK,"My first review ever! I cannot attest to having attempted to learning Japanese before so I know of no other method to do so. This game is a simple approachable way to learn the Hiragana. The game does not overload you with too much information and it bitsizes everything down to make it easily memberable.I am writing this review based around the primary objective of this game which is a learning environment first and a game second. The game components themselves are playable and simple to understand.I would also recommend additional practice writing Hiragana characters on your own a little each day. No point in playing 5 hours straight otherwise you wont remember a thing by the next time.Edit: I have completely learnt Hiragana thanks to this game, a more focused approach and you can probably learn it all in about 5 hours or so. Spelling."
76561198035613446,Recommended,438270,30257430,Posted: 1 March,all,D.K. Johnston,"Fantastic and engaging. It starts out simple, but not so simple that it is mind numbing. Very helpful for learning and memorizing the characters.  There are already a few potential flaws I can see in the combat system, but nothing that good planning cannot overcome. I look forward to improving my skills in hiragana and katakana with this and its sequel."
76561197965903205,Recommended,438270,31146858,Posted: 14 April,all,Potluck,"Loved it, Just beat the game. Learned and memorized all the hiragana symbols and over 70 words. I love old school turn base fighting games, and its productive at the same time. Excited to try out Katakana Wars now!"
,Recommended,438270,30055144,Posted: 20 February,all,Neokatana,For me is that the easiest game ever...But it have sometimes spelling mistakes....but it's funny XD
76561198162942256,Recommended,438270,30175942,Posted: 25 February,all,Yossy,Easy game to learn the basics of Higagana
,Recommended,438270,31204638,Posted: 17 April,all,kipsiih,"I decided to try out this game since I'd been planning for so long to start learning Japanese, and I'm glad I did. Turned out, it's one of the most successful learning tools I've ever tried.For me the game was addicting to play. It was fun, motivating and everything that learning a language has never been to me before. I had to control myself at times to not play too much of the game at once, because otherwise I would've binged it through in my opinion too fast.The game itself is made simple and the RPG part of it isn't that astonishing, but I think that's fine because the main focus is, of course, to learn Hiragana.So, if you would really like to learn Hiragana but don't have a lot of motivation to do it the old fashioned way, give this game a chance."
,Recommended,438270,30325800,Posted: 4 March,all,Boxes,Make sure to study vocabulary as you need it to beat the game.
,Recommended,438270,30359201,Posted: 6 March,all,The Real Dio,"It's an ""okay"" way to learn Hiragana by putting them in practice instead of just memorizing flash cards but it teaches only that and is thusly not something you should depend on to be able to learn Japanese. You can however use it with other reference books and such to help start learning japanese. I just wish it'd let you type out the anwsers instead of choosing them in a quiz-like manner but there's not much you can do with limited software like RPG maker. And speaking of:As an RPG game it's exactly what'd you'd expect from a game made with RPG maker, which is to say, meh.Overall, if you're interesting in picking up Japanese because you're a filthy weeb, i'd recommend picking it up on a sale."
,Recommended,438270,31501015,Posted: 1 May,all,Parrot,"Fun litle educational game. The Hiragaana lessons were solid, and the battles were a fun way to memorize them. The actual RPG gameplay, however, could have been much better.I never felt like I was in any serious danger throughout the game. At the very beginning there were times when a party member got down to around half health or so, but they were very easily brought up to full health and I got through every level without ever once despairing that I may have to back out and try again.After only a minimal amount of grinding to level up and purchase the most updated equipment, I could handle every level without any fear whatsoever. The party handled almost every encounter in one turn, before the Hiragana warriors even had a chance to strike. On the occasions when a battle required two turns and allowed the enemy to hit back, they either missed completely or did 0 damage. Only very rarely did they roll high and do something like 12 damage, which was negligible.The magic system is a joke. The characters have an M.Attack parameter, which is strange because there are no magic attacks. There's a spell to give all characters a boost to defense, which is useless when the characters almost never get hit. There's a spell to give a boost to attack, which is also useless since every character except Misaki will usually kill an enemy in one hit. There's a revive spell if a party member dies... which will never happen. There are spells for removing conditions on party members, but even in the cases where a chracter is hit with an attack that imposes a condition, the enemy can still usually be taken out without having to deal with that.The heal spells can be useful at rare occasions, usually at the beginning of the game. You can stock up on potions that do a lot of the same things as the spells, but you'll almost never need them.There are two main stages in the game. In the first stage, you're in your home country. In the second stage, you chase the enemies to Japan. After you've bought all the most updated equipment in each stage, money becomes essentially useless.I accidentally stole a NPC's entire life savings by looking into a potted plant. It was only 2 gold. Made me feel kind of bad, but the game wouldn't let me give it back.There was very little effort put into the game's story. I know it's an educational game, but it would have been nice if there was some effort to make it feel like the story wasn't just an excuse for learning. When you're directed to a new level, the directions are like, ""In order to continue our lessons, you must go to such-and-such village"" - why not even put some minimal effort into it and say something like, ""We've got a tip that weird stuff is happening in such-and-such village, we need to go chek it out!""I know that's a small thing, but attention to details like that would have made the game feel more like a game.The menu system was bulky and awkward. They could have very easily fit more hiragana options on one screen without the need to scroll. The way general options were set up was also very inefficient, often requiring a lot of back tracking and fiddling around to do what you want to do.Overall, though, I'd recommend this game because it teaches Hiragana well, and the RPG gameplay, while imperfect, was game-like enough that it distracted my mind from the tedium of studying."
,Recommended,438270,31468120,Posted: 30 April,all,Feed The Kat,Great game for building on existing knowledge and practice of the Hiragana character set. It's definitely more rewarding than the typical dry practice routine. Achievements would make it more rewarding though :PGreat Game! Thanks to the team that created this! Looking forward to destroying all the Hiragana characters!
76561198123351840,Recommended,438270,31476809,Posted: 30 April,all,KuroUsagiOni,it has both decent story and well done lesson structure (grinding is recomended for those who take japanese seriously)with this and a few other third party apps on my phone i have now memorized the entire hiragana and katakana phonetics and if i can do it then anyone can!
76561198090288328,Recommended,438270,24013378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,I.C.,Very cool game. It´s fun and you learn a lot.
76561198134461456,Recommended,438270,33735597,Posted: 22 July,all,Cyn,"I finally finished the entire game. It was a grindy adventure that I decided to play over a longer period of time. Hiragana Battle is a great game to test your hiragana (as the title of the game suggests). It does get repetitive (but that's the point of the game...learn by repetition) but sometimes I think the battles proc too often when I walk around.I enjoyed the little portal things that make you hop around from room to room. I also like how the bgm changes near end game. I was surprised they had phrases and vocabulary included with the hiragana lessons. Overall the game wasn't difficult, I knew most of the vocab and phrases from watching anime. That's how simple it all is, which I won't complain about since this game really is beginner level. If you want to practice your hiragana, then this is totally the game for you."
,Recommended,438270,34318707,Posted: 17 August,all,Kakaruka,I loved this game! It made learning a new language very entertaining!
76561198119426069,Recommended,438270,34364435,Posted: 19 August,all,Aure,This is a great tool for people who are interested in learning japanese! The repetition of the characters in battle makes it easy for you to learn characters. Definitely a tool I suggest to people who want to learn japanese but can't do it from a book.
,Recommended,438270,34392573,Posted: 21 August,all,ンアー,"It's an educational game with some token story attached to it. I recommend it mostly for those who want a minor taste of what learning Japanese is like, and are too lazy to google it instead. :^)"
,Recommended,438270,34147869,Posted: 10 August,all,PlasmaRPG,"TL;DR makes learning Hiragana fun and compelling, can be a bit grindy. Buy it if your primary goal is to learn japanese.Throughly enjoyed the experience, teaches the basics of Hiragana in a fun and compelling way to keep us hooked and learning. The game can get a bit grindy at times, which while it inforces the concepts of Hiragana can be tiring and keep us away from the game. Plot is pretty thin, bad guy is trying to take over japan, you need to learn japanese to stop him. Get this game if your primary goal is to learn Hiragana. Menu system is abysmal and thankfully fixed in the sequel Katakana War. Get a pen, paper a drink and most importantly have fun! .Hiragana battle is a fantastic tool to helping you learn Japanese. And I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,438270,34226658,Posted: 13 August,all,OceanBoy,"An educational language game with an actual story to it.  Combines learning with a colorful cast and a wonderful fantasy setting.  If you want to learn Japanese while enjoying yourself, this is a game to sink a wealth of hours into."
,Recommended,438270,34266958,Posted: 15 August,all,JustinSix,"If you want to learn Hiragana (first japanese alphabet you probably want to learn if you are going to learn japanese) then this game's a pretty good resource to start with, though you will need multiple resources for learning."
76561198090166011,Not Recommended,438270,31688994,Posted: 11 May,all,lil,"You can learn hirigana in half the time that you'd learn it in this game.Just use memrise or a youtube video, seriously.But it's a good attempt, and I see the appeal- but I find that it progresses quite slowly and so if you want to learn hirigana quickly then I really suggest using something else."
76561198029539125,Recommended,438270,35492747,Posted: 5 October,all,Feliza,This game is really great for learning Hiragana. It is fun and even has story twists. I would have loved more equip and bonus quests though.
