user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197998087529,Recommended,438320,28360945,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Thultex,"More than a solid base for a great Roguelike / Twinstick Shooter.Even as it is, quite enjoyable!Pros+ Great solid gameplay+ Action starts after a few seconds with a nice pace, you can fasttravel so no interruption there+ Enemies are well designed and there is allready quite a variation! Some nice bosses already.+ Weapons are quite different in handling and strength+ Upgrade System is simple but indepth, with small points that make a difference in playstyle+ Grafix are quite nice, with detail and effects+ The screen and UI are clean so you know what going on+ Great Soundtrack that fits the game in style and pace+ Hard but fair in most aspectsCons- There ist still little going on in the environment (Mutators, different biomes, interactive stuff)- (old) Some balance issiues (propes don't help against bosses -> second choice)- (old) There should be short explanations for the Items (especially the add-on modules)- (old) There is no score system jet, or another way to messure your progressEdit: Most of the negative Points have been adressed thus far, in farly short time.+ There IS a key to see detailed descriptions for Items in the menue+ There is a local Highscore and a clean Death screen -> direct reaction of developer to the suggestion+ Probes can attack bosses when fitted with a sensor appIf you are fan of the genre -> strong recommendation!Otherwise check it out later, seemes to be coming allong great!"
76561198042319526,Recommended,438320,30455043,Posted: 11 March,all,Werti100,"RUSH ROVER REVIEWThis game is a really fun rogue-like bullet hell game that has a LOT of replayability. I've played this game to death and it will always be fun destroying enemies while dodging a butt ton of bullets. The soundtrack is pretty good imo but its not for everyone, it's kinda like chiptune i guess? The dev is communicating in the forums and taking feedback which is very cool. There's a good amount of weapons/items to play around with and have fun AND there's a lot more to come since it's only in early access.Pros- fun gameplay- great music (fits the game very well)- hitboxes feel just right and responsive- fun to play around with the various weapons/items- dev is listening to feedback- no punishing rng (like in enter the gungeon)- high score board- frequent updates that add weapons/items ect.Cons- the game can crash (especially after updates) but the dev fixes bugs pretty quickly- the environement is a bit mundane (not a lot of detail or story telling elements) this doesn't really bother me but i figured it would disappoint some people.- early access, things that you like can change or get nerfed- doesn't have many settings options currently though, the dev said he will add more in the futurePretty much it, not a lot of cons. The game perfectly execute what it wants to be. You should really try out this game, it's cheap and will give you many hours of fun. If you don't like it you can always refund, within 20 minutes you'll know if you like it or not.Many game updates later (important)I'll do my best to try to remember all the new stuff that's been added, there's been a lot of changes, some good some less good.There's been many new items i.e(weapons,devices,probe weapons,accessories)A new function has been added, that lets you recycle items to get money.More world detail has been added, such as snow. It could use a bit of work though, like a snowing effect.Accessories can now be leveled to level 3 instead of being a 1 level upgrade. i'm not sure what to think about this change, i guess it opens up more stats by leveling those accessories but i also liked the simplicity of 1 level up point then you're done with it, move to something else.1 or 2 new bossesVarious miscellaneous options such as cooldown for actives reminder, a circle that shows the hit box on the rover, ect.New accessories that modify the booster, this was a great idea but those accessories just don't work as well as you think they would. (not practical or useful).You can spend hyper cores (money) to buy a clone that will replace you (the rover) when you die. (guess you can call it a extra life) This is a ok change for people that aren't very good, i'd like to see this disabled in hard mode though.All main weapons now have their own appearence. Some of them look good while a lot of the others look kinda bad in terms of design. I'm pretty sure the dev isn't fully satisfied with them and is slowly updating them.Randomly found, powerups, either damage increas, legs upgrade (less slows from enemies, ammo for items, skill cells (gives you a +1 ammo charge to your active skill). These powerups are pure rng, and it's bad. I don't mind too mucht the ones that are utility based but the ones that increase damage means that rng is coming into play now. Actually, the developer cut some content in half to create these powerups. For example, ammo box was an accessorie before that gave +1 ammo to active skill, to weapons and probe weapons. Here's another, before when you upgraded the legs on the rover, you got more movement speed and less slows from enemies but now the slow part has been stripped from it and has been put in a random powerup.A change in difficulty that removed the frantic from ''frantic shooter''. Late game areas aren't as filled with enemies as before, which makes me pretty sad. this was definitely the thing that made me play rush rover again and again. but that element is kinda gone right now. I hope the dev notices this change and does something about.Overall, it's still a good game, but if you're looking for a frantic shooter that will test your twitchy hand speed and your dodging skills then you might want to skip it for now. I'll leave 2 videos that show the change in difficulty so you can understand what i'm talking about.Before :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtcxHznQj-8After :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRczrAcxsW4play them both at the same time and mute them, watch how the ''after'' one has so little enemies after 17 seconds."
,Recommended,438320,33104881,Posted: 1 July,all,AteBallEight,"Rush Rover is a very inspirational and important game to me.Rush Rover is a simple but awesome game where you play as a robot fighting waves of evil robots. You find weapons and upgrades that help you battle the increasingly tough enemies. You can even find a little probe buddy that shoots enemies, too!- Arcade mode that boasts up to 40 minute runs through 6 areas of increasing difficulty.- Tons of powerful weapons and helpful plugins to be discovered, along with an upgrade system that makes you feel like you are truly getting stronger as you progress.- Probes are small, flying bots that can be found randomly and they follow you around, shoot enemies on their own, and they can be upgraded too.- Lots of different types of enemies, each with their own unique abilities. Each area has a boss that is selected randomly from a difficulty pool that scales up as you progress.- Cores and Ultra Chips will upgrade your weapons, probes and plugins to make them more powerful and effective.- Buildings that create weapons, give upgrade cores, reveal the map, and more can be found randomly and sent to home base, allowing you to use them any time.- Along with the normal Arcade mode, there is a Hard mode that makes the game much more challenging without flooding the screen with enemies.- Dodge mode that allows the player to practice dodging whenever they want. Dodge rooms can be found in the Arcade mode too, and rewards players who have practiced dodging well by surviving long enough.- Great chiptune soundtrack that fits very well into the game's setting makes exploring and fighting even more exciting. Not a huge variety of songs, but they'll get you humming along.- Well made sprites and environments that fit the game's atmosphere.- Amazing price for such a well made game. I mean, 6 dollars? What a great deal!More StuffI enjoy this game so much that I have co-created a Wiki for Rush Rover with my friend Werti100.Check it outhere. I hope it can provide useful information related to Rush Rover.Thank you so much Radio for making such a special game all by yourself, I really appreciate what you've created.Final Score9/10 Awesome game that I hope you can buy and enjoy too. What other game gives you astatuefor buying in Early Access?"
,Recommended,438320,28787607,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mad Spoon,As a fan of rogue likes and shmups I think this game has potential for greatness. Definitely give it a try!
76561198043320731,Recommended,438320,28430197,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CrunchyNumbers,"Overall, this game is great. However:- The game is slow to start up,- Nearly every menu/text in the game needs a spelling and grammar check, and- When I try to exit the game, the game crashes.I've only been playing a little while and I already love this game, but it needs work.EDIT: Went into settings, set the game to window mode, now runs fine"
,Recommended,438320,29205118,Posted: 12 January,all,fancy portion,"It's much like Enter the Gungeon, except without the punishing loot rarity.  Great fun.  You'll die fast and hit restart right away.  This twin-stick shooter has enough style and punch to lure you in and enough depth to bring you back again."
,Recommended,438320,30561297,Posted: 16 March,all,Frogg ♠,"Hello, you can call me Frog. I'm here just because this game deserves a review more than others.For a long time i'm a steam user, i think that has passed maybe five years now, and i never made a review from any other game, not even from the most that i have played, dont matter how much i expended on it.But this little game needs it. Like a shooting star that pass in front of your eyes when you are looking to the sky at night.I'm over five hours of game for now, and boy... How much fun and joy, maybe some tears fall from my eyes when i think about it.I would like to give a note for this game, but just saying a number have no real meaning if you don't know in details what this number actually means.Rush Rover is a little piece of art, and so cheap at the same time, i think that everyone should have this game if you have the chance, is fun, interactive, light, cheap and at the same time has so much potential and things to offer.The game mechanics are really easy to understand and you dont even need a tutorial for this, the movement on the game is so enjoyble, the desing and characters ( hero and enemies ) look so generic but at the same time have something especial about it that i cant describe. The game play is so light and good to do and enjoy at the same time give you ways to make it more complex if you want or need a challenge, and it way that works change so fast in simple ways that still make a lot of joy on the players.Character, a kind funny robot that can evolve in a weapon to surpass metal gear.Enemies, really a lot of it, trying to make you life a living hell but in a balanced way at the same time.Bosses, really cool to fight and you can make a lot of strategies according with what you have and wish.Development of the  game when you play, as i say this game evolves in a nice and enjoyable way, the items and upgrades are really balanced, when you pick one of then is like if this changes the entire way of playing the game, making the experience every thin fresh and new, and you have a really lot of weapons, helping bots, shields, special powers and i will say again, weapons. Every weapon is fair and balanced, and is really rare ( if you can ) to feel like exploiting the game or cheating, don't matter how much op you think you are, you can be shooting down really hard, and the guns change your entire style and way of how you are going to play the rest of your game, you can change whatever you want, if you change one item but you still alive, you can just teleport it back and pick it up again. I finished the game, again and again and will keep doing it.I wish that if more people buy this game for the full price, will help the owner to improve it way more, i also hope new stages, customization for the character appearance ( for exemple, changing his parts when you change, weapons probes and powers ), more stages to select, different bosses and maybe a way to play with friends.This game is worth it of the full price buy, if you got it in a promotion also better but i will say, give to your friends, to your family, even for that guy that lives on the other side of your town, i think that this game deserves.Well developed, wonderful gameplay, art style so lovely,  REALLY FUN ( hard to find today right? Where most of the games look generic and the same stuff that bothers you or make bored ) you will not get sad, good challenge.Is the best game that was ever made? No. But is in my opinion one of the best of his category, if you like pixel games, ""shooting everything games"", and every other game after all, try this for sure.10/10"
,Recommended,438320,29864769,Posted: 11 February,all,Harold,"Great game, highly recommended, Dev is updating regularly and active on boards.Must buy for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,438320,33899334,Posted: 30 July,all,Cryfax,"Best game I've played in early access to date. It was cheap, so i picked it up to try it and have loved it. Nothing bad to say about it so far. Very active devs. This game is worth $15 in its current state and it's only getting better.10/10 Dev Updates10/10 Design10/10 Gameplay9/10 Replayability9.75/10 Overall"
,Recommended,438320,29655699,Posted: 2 February,all,Haystack,"Run and gun with your l'il robot for super fun in this rogue-lite shooter.   The music and visual design are spot-on.  Weapons, drones, and other upgrades are nicely varied to fit many styles of gameplay, though of course one never knows which ones will pop up during a particular run -- unless one has picked up a blueprint and finds a Machine station to make that favored item!   Seems like pretty good value for the money!  I'll be playing this one for a good, long time!"
76561197986994936,Recommended,438320,28999276,Posted: 3 January,all,Agent Neigh,If you like Enter The Gungeon you may like this aswell. Very addicting game play for something so simple.
,Recommended,438320,30503564,Posted: 14 March,all,"""quoth the raven 'Bazongo""","A surprisingly competent rougelike with some features i'd love to see become commonplace in the genera. Great enemy designs, some really unique weapons, and really fun equipment keeps it fresh, and despite not thinking too highly of it initially, i keep coming back to it more and more. Can't wait for it to receive more content as the dev continually updates it. (also i played it today and found a statue in game thanking me for my contributions to the game, so if heartwarming thanks from the dev tucked into a corner are thing you're after, come on down)"
,Recommended,438320,30510582,Posted: 14 March,all,WeAllFloatDownHere,"Fast, neat, cheap. Prefect timewaster. Hopefully the updates keep coming."
,Recommended,438320,29536259,Posted: 28 January,all,PANTY MELT,"Support this guy, he made a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing rad game for one guy.,"
,Recommended,438320,29328965,Posted: 17 January,all,0.01 K/D,"Wow, this game is amazing, I do Rush Rover gameplay on my youtube channel (GameWeed) and it is amazing the work being put into this game, I AM SOO GLAD ABOUT THE RECENT UPDATE TELLING WHERE THE FINAL ENEMIES ARE!! Such a good buy, 11/10 recommend"
,Recommended,438320,29407741,Posted: 21 January,all,cragsire,"Very fun to play, just beat a run barely XD. Has difficulty to it but if you save up coins you can easily dominate and blast everything to shreds with whatever weaponary you are fortunate to find. Unfortunately the spelling is awful but it is still understable to a degree. Looking forward to further updates to enhance this great experience further!"
,Recommended,438320,30483682,Posted: 12 March,all,Klokinator,"A fantastic game, one of the better top down shooters and is in active development.I don't have much to say about it, other than WOW the weapons and skills are creative, they allow for so many possible builds! Even the default weapon you start with is awesome when fully upgraded, usually that one sucks!"
76561198114111536,Recommended,438320,30804187,Posted: 28 March,all,edisonfranklin,"Might be EA, but WOW is this addictive. The dev seems to be doing a great job adding content, and I can't stop playing it, finished or not. Mad props to him!"
76561197991614072,Recommended,438320,30780442,Posted: 27 March,all,Mr Oist,"Man. This is really good! I've only played a very tiny bit, but so far I've had a blast! If your a fan of bullet hells, rogue-lites/likes, get this game! Hope this game gets more attention!"
76561197961258208,Recommended,438320,30804287,Posted: 28 March,all,Dracadon,"Always loved shooters like this, so perhapsed a bit biased.. but when one is good i stick around!This one is amazing so far, and it's not even released yet!"
76561198147652940,Recommended,438320,30825502,Posted: 29 March,all,MillionBucks,7 out of 10 would robot again.Only problem is that their is not a whole lot of variety and I can see how it could get boring later on.
,Recommended,438320,32781851,Posted: 25 June,all,Morally Bankrupt,"This is a really nice game.  It definitely scratches an itch I have sometimes, where I just want to get in and play some quick paced, shooting action with mild roguelike elements.  The weapons and powerups are varied enough to keep each run interesting.  Thankfully there is quick-travel between rooms so going back to pick up a different weapon to try is easy.That being said, the game is a challenge.  Sometimes you'll be going along, things will be good, the RNG gods are smiling, giving you some good drops, and then things just heavier and heavier.Easily worth the 5 bucks it costs."
