user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198168939601,Recommended,438490,32345025,Posted: 11 June,all,mentalgearedsnake,"I'm a huge fan of Monster Hunter (MH) which supposedly started the ""Hunting"" genre, so I was really hyped to learn that this series is getting ported to the PC. As if that news wasn't good enough, you actually get God Eater Ressurrection (GER) free when you buy God Eater 2 Rage Burst (GE2RB). I played through the story for both GER & GE2RB and here is my opion:*STORY*+ The world of God Eater has an interesting lore that a non-critical anime fan will surely appreciate. Both games have an engaging story to tell. My only complaint here is a singing idol being central to the plot in GE2RB. It's highly recommended to play GER first before moving on to GE2RB.*GAMEPLAY*+ Combat is the best aspect of both games. Challenging but more accessible than MH. Both plays similarly but have mechanics that give each title a different experience. Between GER & GE2RG, I liked the latter  more due to its Blood Rage and Blood Arts system which reminded me of the hunting arts mechanic in MHG.- One thing I found annoying with the combat is the lack of mechanics (other than dealing enough damage) that allow you to drive a monster away. This results into a chaotic slugfest  when fighting mulitple monsters.+ AI controlled allies are surprisingly not useless. Taking time to customize their skills only makes them even better.- The UI is very clunky for both games.- While I loved the Blood arts system, leveling them up unfortunately is not. It was quite similar to Elder Scrolls 4 which was mind numbingly tedious.- Acquiring skill upgrades at the end of a mission is RNG based. Even worse is that these upgrades are consumable. This results to incosistency in building up a skill.- Quest progression for GE2RB is a real pain. It's literally a fetch quest of dialogue before you can even commence with the actual mission.- The bullet editor has no tutorial. This results to a lot of time wasted on trial and error when trying to create your own unique bullet.*GRAPHICS*+ Character design has an anime vibe and is pretty ok.+ Monster design is quite unique.- Environments are bland, and this is where the low quality textures stand out. Though one can't really expect too much on the visual dept. from a port.- Your custom character lacks the physics that every other NPC character in the game has.*SOUNDTRACK+ Wether in a mission or just the lobby, the background music blends well with the current tone of the story. I didn't find any songs memorable though.*VOICE ACTING*+ From the sultry Motoko, smart mouth Romeo, emotionless Ciel, Emo Soma, and the over zealous Emil, just to name a few; The voice actors does a excellent job bringing the characters to life despite how cringey the dialogue gets at times.If you like challenging action rpgs, then I highly suggest you give it a try. If this is your first ""Hunting"" game though, chances are that you'll find it repetitive. Stick long enough though and it may grow on you. If you do get hooked to the combat which is the bread and butter of Hunting games, both GER and GE2RB offers plenty of end game missions to satisfy your hunger for that one last hunt."
76561198256267947,Recommended,438490,29557865,Posted: 28 January,all,DodoDan,"As a avid fan of Monster Hunter that put over thousands of hours into the handheld games for both PSP and the 3DS, I have to say that the games are definitely ""comparable."" I'd describe God Eater as a easier, faster paced Monster Hunter with less demands on precision and skill. What really sets God Eater apart from Monster Hunter is really:1. the level of customization that Bullet Editor brings,2. the ability to make almost any type of equipment strong by installing abilities onto them.3. art and story4. actual characterization5. lack of emphasis on grinding monsters for rare drops.Minor criticisms that I have include:1. Small pool of major monsters to actually fight if you discount all the reskinned/elemental versions of them.2. Adept use of Bullet Editor combined with Trigger Happy and Frugal will trivialize most content.3. Although Blood Arts in God Eater 2 did improve the balance of melee and ranged combat, custom bullet spam is still a better way to deal damage.That said, God Eater has a much easier learning curve than Monster Hunter, and although I personally don't feel the depth and deliberate precision that I get from Monster Hunter, casual fans of the Monster Hunter series will probably enjoy this game. Comparisons with Monster Hunter aside, God Eater is a fantastic action rpg game with a high level of customization that many gamers will definitely enjoy."
,Recommended,438490,25239084,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SquOliver,"tl:dr: Two great Monster Hunter style games that will last you a long time. Great PC port.NOTE: I have played God Eater Burst on the PSPGameplay+ Monster Hunter style, but faster and has more plot (and ""plot"")+ Both GE:R and GE2:RB will last you a long time if you like MonHun style games (NOTE: GE:R will come with GE2:RB ""for the duration of the product's life cycle"")Presentation+ SSS Character and Monster Design+ Anime-style lyrical songs during power-up mode+/- OK English dub, no Japanese voices, but it seems mods are possible despite Denuvo- Some environments are mehTechnical+ Can natively plug in a Dualshock 4 and get Playstation button prompts+ KB+M controls seem good+ Toaster friendly on low settings+ Quite a few graphics options includingScreen Resolution (Minimum 800x600, can go to 1440p apparently)Refresh Rate (25,29,30,59,60 Hz)Fullscreen,borderless windowed and windowed modesV-sync On/OffFXAA On/OffShadows Off,Low,Med,HighTexture Filtering: Trilinear, ANISO up to x16Particle Effects On/OffOverall: Great MonHun style game. Glad to finally see it done justice. THANKS BAMCO/QLOC!"
,Recommended,438490,25241215,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lil Breezy,I bought this with my No Mans Sky refund :^)
,Recommended,438490,32319379,Posted: 10 June,all,PureVendetta,"Starting off, if you're new to the God Eater franchise and have a history of playing Monster Hunting type RPGs, this is totally for you. If you're new to the genre in general, I recommend this as your first (as it is my favorite of the entire genre)! Gameplay: Fast paced with the solid mixture of melee and ranged combat. Farm for your goods. Craft your own equipment from weapons, clothes, bullets, and much more! For those who love doing a little character creation, yes it's there! Build up your team known as Blood with the skill traits you want, from healing to full on tanking! The story is something I've always got into but even if it isn't what you're used to you'll still come out with a pretty good experience (if you enjoy anime, you'll enjoy this).As a port comparison to the PS4 and Vita version, God Eater Rage Burst 2 holds up nicely as a successful port in my own personal opinion. Going over 60fps (depending on the resolution), true 1080p, maxed out textures, and the full support for keyboard and mouse (including full controller support) truly gives this a huge step up from the handheld and console versions of the game. Some are having graphical issues with the game and/or audio files meshing together - I myself haven't experienced any of these issues (yet anyways). Being a huge long time fan of the series I'm proud it got an awesome port to the PC! Final verdict: 10/10"
,Recommended,438490,25241295,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Aner,"Good port. (Update: After playing for a few hours, I can confirm that this is a really good port).60 hz. (Update: According to some sources, it can go up to 144hz, but the framerate is capped at 60, so the difference will be minimal).1080p. (Update: I've seen people playing in 1440p, so there's that).Borderles Window.Keyboard + Mouse support. (Update: It will feel weird at first, but once you switch some keybinds and play for a few hours, it will feel natural).GE Burst remake (GE Resurrection) with the purchase of GE Rage Burst.Alisa Illinichina Amiella.What a time to be alive."
,Recommended,438490,25318672,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vexenity,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst is a video game expansion of the original God Eater 2 which PC consumers are blessed to have now. Rage Burst introduced an extended story, game balancing, and new mechanics from its previous sequel. I'll be reviewing both God Eater 2 Rage Burst and God Eater Resurrection which comes bundled for free when you buy Rage Burst along with giving an explanation of what God Eater is as an old fan of the series.History of God EaterGod Eater started off as a Japanese Playstation Portable (PSP) ""Monster Hunting"" game created by SHIFT and was  released on February, 2010. It sold well at the time and was announced for US release shortly afterwards, however it was delayed until 2011. During the time, Bandai announced a project for their God Eater game which ultimately became Gods Eater Burst that got released to the US. Gods Eater Burst featured an extended story, new characters, monsters, and various other elements for the original game.In the same year, September 2011, God Eater 2 was announced for the PSVita in Japan and was later released in 2013. The game had plenty of copies sold, around 200,000 physical copies on the first week it released, and was very well received.""God Eater 2 was to pinpoint what users found fun about the game; we're taking it apart and reassembling it from scratch.""- Yusuke Tomizawa, the developer of God EaterIn 2014, God Eater 2 Rage Burst was announced which, much like how Gods Eater Burst received, introduced new characters and monsters, an extended story, a new game mechanic, and various other functions. It was released for both the PlayStation 4 and Vita.Additionally, an animated series of God Eater by Ufotable (also known for animating Fate/Zero) started on July 2015 and lasted through 12 episodes up until March, 2016. A full length prologue episode was featured in 2009. The anime focused on a static main character named Lenka and revolved around the first God Eater's storyline.God Eater ResurrectionResurrection is an enhanced version of an already enhanced version of the first game. While there are no additional stories to a game that's already expanded on story enough, it features a vast majority of mechanics and gameplay elements brought in from its sequel while introducing Predator Styles, a new unique element only available in Resurrection.God Eater 2 Rage BurstGod Eater 2 revolves around giant monsters that are somewhat resembled off of a deity of sorts while following the story of various characters in a post-apocalyptic world ruined by said giant monsters called Aragami. It follows the story previously left off of the first game.The game introduces new weapons to the series: the Boost Hammer, Charge Spear, and Variant Scythe. That makes 6 total melee weapons; the original three being the fast and mobile Short Sword, the well-rounded Long Blade, and the slow, heavy hitting Buster Blade.Even though 6 might sound like a small number, they all vastly differ in strengths and weaknesses which majority of players may find that suits their playstyle the best. There are also different types of guns and shields along with a very large variety of ""Skills"" you can install into your weapons to give them a variety of effects. While it lacks in variety a bit, the weapons make up for the amount of experimentation and possibilities it can give to the player to help find their perfect loadout.God Eater 2 and its expansion, Rage Burst, features two special mechanics called ""Blood Arts"" and ""Blood Rage"" which are not available in God Eater Resurrection due to the plot. These elements can alter your playstyle of the game even further by giving your weapons additional movesets / effects and mission-clearing set-ups.MusicThe composer of music for both of the games was orchestrated by Go Shiina who specializes in electronic, orchestral, and rock. His music for the games helped create the atmosphere of the settings in great ways with his dramatic arrangements.PC Port ReviewCompared to other PC ports from consoles, God Eater Resurrection and God Eater 2 Rage Burst as a PlayStation 4 port suffers little to no issues. Smooth 60fps, full controller support and keyboard rebindings, and variety of options to tweak with, the port is nearly flawless. Some noticeable downsides is that there is no 21:9 screen ratio support and audio randomly cuts out at times / voice volume is low compared to other audio sources even if they are all maxed in settings. Another thing that can be unsettling is how akward joining others in Multiplayer works which is having to set up your download region through the Steam settings to the same location as the host's.English DubPaylor Sakaki sounds like a giant nerd.Pros and Cons:+ Well developed PC port from the Playstation 4 console. A lot of effort has been put into it by the looks of it+ Full controller support and key rebindings+ Music breaths life to monster hunting+ Plenty of story and hours of content to invest in- Random audio cut-outs and poorly optimized voice volume- English dubs may not be suited for everyone- Lack of Japanese voice acting can put some people off- No 21:9 ratio support- Messing around with Steam settings to play with others online isn't too exciting- You can't transfer save data from God Eater Resurrection to God Eater 2 Rage BurstPersonal Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,438490,25404395,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Plutia,"This review is for God Eater Resurrection (when you buy the game, they will split in God Eater Resurrection and Rage Burst in your library). Also this review is based in my personal opinion (i´m not really into hunt style)God Eater Resurrection occurs three years before Rage Burst, so i recommend play first, also if you watched God Eater anime, your character will assume role of ""Kannagi Yuu"".So, what i think about the game:Pros:- some ost/bgm is very good.- in co op, you can trade your avatar card with others players, after you traded, the avatar will become npc and you can use in free mission- oppai- Alisa oppai, and others clothes that is very sexy- the graphic is goodCons:- the maps are very repetitive- sometimes, they (system) will throw you in lion´s den, and havent time to prepare- for me, they can can reduce battle number. because to progress the story, you need get a mission, fight and spend around 15-20 minutes, only for a little conversation- English voice (i heard that jap voice is bad, but since i did not play ps vita or jap voice, i cant tell if will be good or not, but i dont know, playing anime style game with english voice is little strange for me)- The game is censored (blood is toned down). Some info say that Lindow (smoking) and Shio (grab boob) cutscene is censored, but they arent.Dont be fooled if you see credits. The resurrection is divided in arcs. When i saw the credits, i thought that is finished, moments later, voilá, the story continueHas many cons, but is is a great game.""I hope i was helpful...was was i helpful?""About Rage Burst:They increased the characters and has more individual scenes now. The battle system is better, and for me, this one is bigger than previous title.So really worth buy this bundle."
76561198052992591,Recommended,438490,28142714,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Punda,"Got it during the Steam sale for $30. Two games at the price of one?!I recommend playing God Eater Resurrection first, as you would understand the story after continuing God Eater 2 Rage Burst.Pros:-Good Story and cutscenes for God Eater Resurrection. Great Story and cutscenes for God Eater 2 Rage Burst.-Tons of customization. Eg. Different Weapon Types, Bullet Editor, Craftable/Upgrading Equipment, Clothings, Attack Styles and etc.-Amazing Soundtrack-Variations of Aragamis with different weakpoints and elemental weakness.-Atleast 80 ~ 100 hours for each game.-Cool little bond cutscenes/events with characters after using their support ability cards. (Works if you do missions below your highest difficulty from what I've experienced.)-A lot of lore and information that can be read through the Database on the terminal.-Actual tactics can be done by using the Signals.Inbetween-Can be considered as ""Grindy"" due to the multitude of missions,-English Dubbed (Although the voice acting isn't that bad, an option to change it to Japanese Dub and English Sub would have been nice.)Cons-Horrible Multiplayer loading (It loads really slowly when in multiplayer, and if it's more than 2 players, there's a possibility you would get stuck at loading.)This was majority based on God Eater Resurrection and slightly on God Eater 2 Rage Burst.If you're looking for a co-op game with 1 other person, this could interest you. (Kinda slow loading though.)Overall I'd recommend getting this, but get it during a sale if money is an issue."
76561198097695747,Recommended,438490,32750483,Posted: 24 June,all,ExiaBurst,"There are better reviews out there for a more in detail of this game. My view if you like Monster Hunter and Anime you gonna have a good time, have like 90 hours on this but still not finished 100 % of this game."
,Recommended,438490,26401229,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"2 games for the price of one, as you also get GOD EATER Resurrection with G.E. 2 Rage Burst.What these games do well is throwing a handful of monsters at you, and really making it a handful to put them down, rather than mowing down a swarm of small ones. If you like this type of stuff, you'll enjoy these games.GOD EATER Resurrection:The game starts out really easy, makes you wonder why you get 40 minutes per mission. The difficulty ramps up at a slow pace but eventually you'll get to missions that really need all the time you get. There's a few hard bosses, but no real difficulty spikes an adjustment to strategy or gear can't fix.The story's okay, although checking out the anime did help on getting a bit more background story. It's a nice intro to the game even if it does slightly shift in a different direction.Interesting features are;-The bullet editor; Adding modules to a bullet for extra effect. It's great, you can make utterly useless but pretty lightshows with those, or create a bullet that either heals or harms depending on what it hits, or adding different impact/elemental effects. Of course the more mods you add, the more energy the bullet needs.I rather enjoyed the depth it had, not too complex to figure out, but it has plenty to play around with.-combat system; Combat is a nice balance of melee and shooting. While melee combo's are a bit limited to my taste, each weapon does have its own way of handling and special moves. Guns also each have their special ability, snipers can use a stealth field for instance. As for ammo, you use ""oracle power"" which you get from melee, so while you won't run out of bullets, you'll be forced to get up close to recharge.-gear loadout/crafting; there's quite an assortment of weapons and gear. Apart from elemental differences, there's also damage types; piercing/crushing/slashing. And you can craft ""upgrades"" with a skill effect, and at a later point add skill effects to weapons.-co-opWell, I honestly haven't really played this game in co-op, but I'm sure it'll be a lovely team excersise.Don't forget to heal.God Eater II Rage Burst:It's a bit more of the same, as expected of a sequel. But it does have a few different features.It starts off with an improved tutorial. IMO it does try better to explain starting off in the game with the first few difficulty 'chapters'.Unfortunately predator/devour moveset is more basic this time around for one, no more step or aerial devour tricks.A new feature here is the blood powers, which seems to put the focus more on melee. You can set a blood power on an attack move to power it up.There also seems to be blood bullets, but I haven't quite figured out the use of those, compared to the custom bullets that are already around.A nice change in the story is the character specific quests and storylines, which the last game didn't have. It adds a little to the character development.PS: Don't believe the haters, Kanon is super elite, her skills will blow you away."
,Recommended,438490,33215621,Posted: 3 July,all,Darken,"Pros :- Buy 1 get 2 (God Eater 2 Rage Burst + God Eater Ressurection).- Many combat style with different weapon.- Many types of equipment with different style are provided.- Many main quest and side quest give you long playtime experience.- Customable character.- You can meet even create your own waifu here.- 60 fps.- Upgrade and crafting system.- No need to visit wikia page, guide & database in-game is complete enough.- Love the background music.Cons :- Very poor environment.- No Japanese voice.- The Cutscene is too ordinary.- Bad server for multiplayer.- No Preview for Blood Art.Conclusion :- You may feel bored at the early of the game because there are still many features that are not yet unlocked.- Not worth it if you buy this game at full price.- Unlock Blood Art and Crafting is the reason why this game is addictive.- If you want to try multiplayer, it is advisable to have friends who can be invited to play together, because it is very difficult to find someone waiting in the lobby.- Do you like games like a monster hunter? Maybe this could be one interesting alternative.Overall :8/10"
76561198051384176,Not Recommended,438490,25268520,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Original Intent: I was going to Delete this Negative Review once the Denuvo Key Authentication was Fixed but now, this Review is a Permanent Negative for 3 Reasons.1: Forum Abuser >>Isshak Gravi<< for Deleting a Technical Thread I created that was Officially Accepted and Acknowledge by the Official Bandai Technical Team.2: Banning me without Reason but to spit at me for trying to help Fix and find their Technical Problems and Ignoring the Thread was Acknowledge by Official Bandai.3: Their Denuvo Key Authentication is still not fixed despite the 20th September Patch and being acknowledge about it.Please Read Before Judging. This is a Important Technical Issue to everyone.Ignore the Play hours. I started playing Resurrection 1st due to Nostalgic of countless hours during the PsP.You are asking why am I giving a Thumbsdown?Read this Thread and you will find out.Buy this game at your own risk after learning the problem with the Denuvo DRM that was implanted here. This is a temporary Thread and will be Deleted and change possibly to a Positive till this issue is resolved and patched out. This is not about Anti-Denuvo. Its about a Activation Denuvo Code process that's Broken. The Thread and post of other Owners of the game will explain the Situation in detail.http://steamcommunity.com/app/438490/discussions/0/350540780274243980/Update 3: (Since Thread and Evidence got Deleted, I'll explain: Since the game came in a Bundle, both God Eater Resurrection and God Eater 2 Rage Burst share a Denuvo Key Authentication Process that requires you as usual to be activated online, only then you can play Offline and anytime you want. But the Problem is that there only put 1 Denuvo for both Games instead of 2 Denuvo. This cause both game to have Authentication Problem when you play Offline. You can only play one of the 2 Game Once (or get luckly and play all the time) and if you try to reopen the game/play the other game, the Denuvo Authentication will popup asking you to reactivate it online again even though you already did it. So basically you cannot play the game Fully and Freely anytime because it will only let you play once/one game until you go back online to reactivate the Key and this can cause problems to most people who travel frequently or go to No-Internet Zones.)Update 1: The Thread officially got Deleted and I was ban without ""Reason"" as it was filled Blank.The Thread has been linked to Bandai Technical Customer Support and I got replied by them they will take a Look. But aIsshak GraviModerator decided to Delete the Thread thus erasing all Evidence and Technical Problems found by the community.Evidence of the Abuse of power.Evidence 1 =http://imgur.com/mKh1CYaEvidence 2 =http://imgur.com/1m3w1PWUpdate 2: Seems The Official Bandai Customer Support can't touch that Abusive PR Developer. They do manage to collect the evidence and Data of the game Denuvo Key Authentication Problem before said PR Developer Deleted it.Beware with >>Isshak Gravi<< for he is an Abusive Forum EU Community Manager Developer/Moderator that will ban without reason and delete any evidence and information that was suppose to help the Technical Team about faults being found that can be fixed. If you see him on any other Bandai Game Forums, beware. He will unjusticely Ban you for anything regarding Technical Fault you find in a Game. Its like he wants to promote Piracy and Torrents. It you like, you can report his Profile and link this Preview for Evidence of an abuse forum power and censorship. Also his Twitterhttps://twitter.com/Isshak_GraviBandai Official Customer Support Evidence That the Thread and Discussion ongoing there was Important to them for the Technical Team.Evidence 1 =http://imgur.com/5Wd75lbEvidence 2 =http://imgur.com/IWANu1LUpdate 4: As of 6th September, this Game has yet to be Patched and Fixed for its other Bugs and Glitches found in the game and Devuno Key Authentication. The other game, God Eater Resurrection also has bugs mainly on the Urgent mission which will Crash your game, has also yet to receive any patch and fixes.Update 5: Date is now 14th September with no Patch or Updates on the Horizon. I officially Regret buying this for the PC. I should have sticked to playing it on the VITA because I can play ""Offline"" anytime without Restriction on BOTH Games. Also seems Steam and Bandai aren't doing anything about my Forum ban against Scumbag >>Isshak Gravi<< even though they said they will look into it and has contacted him about this on the Steam Support/Official Bandai Customer Support Mail, so there's that to look forward for any other future Bandai Games with him as Community Forum PR as he will just Ban you for ""Zero"" reason.Update 6: Bandai drop in a Patched. September 20th.http://steamcommunity.com/games/438490/announcements/detail/590359138921400304Decided to check if the Denuvo Key Authentication was fixed (usually they don't mention it) so you can play BOTH games Offline at ANY time without the need of always going online to reactivate it after 1 play session and 1 game only. I am sad to say, the game still requires Online Activation and won't allow you to play Offline. So for anyone wishing to Purchased this game, do so at risk if you plan on Travelling or going to School/Uni or anywhere there is no Internet. My best suggestion is to spend your money on Console or the PsVita if you wish to play Offline and have complete Freedom to play Anytime & Anywhere.Update 7: A New Patch Update has kicked in and guess what. They still didn't bother to fix Denuvo to allow Offline Playability. Stick to the Console/VITA version. Or F..U..C..K IT!! Even the Pirated Version lets you play offline!! Just go visit $kidrow or  CPYGames for a Superior Version and Product.Update 8: Thank you whoever is the Owner of this reddit post. I must have missed it.https://www.reddit.com/r/CrackStatus/comments/50sxzz/god_eater_2_developer_permabanned_legit_game/Update 9: Unban from the Forums after godly how many months has this game been released here?"
,Recommended,438490,25283537,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shella Chan 张血乐,"good game port, decent gameplay, want original voice with english sub tho"
,Recommended,438490,25822683,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Akame,"By far the best hunting game in steam, played the original GE back on psp and it was by far my favorite hunting game.If you have played the monster hunter series, this game could easily win your heart*Small - Monstrous enemies*Engaging storyline*Neat Character creation*Simple gameplay*Unique weaponry*Gear Customization*Waifus ( don't judge)11/10 would dissipate for it again XD"
76561198033038450,Recommended,438490,29554616,Posted: 28 January,all,Puma,"Alright, where do I begin. I've just finished the game in singleplayer and haven't played the prequel-remake God Eater Ressurection. I have played a bit of Multiplayer on difficulties 4-6, but not beyond that.TL;DRThe game has its flaws. A lot of them. But for the most part, they will never get even close to ruining the game experience. It's been an immensely fun journey to finish it and I'm not even done. When you get through the main part of the story, there's still more to explore and do. Multiplayer's a tiny bit broken with multiple people (endless loading screens) but still extremely fun and rewarding.The GoodIn short, this game is extremely fun. It has fun mechanics like taking risks and challenges in battle for brief invulnerability and increased damage and basically feels like a ""Speedy Anime Monster Hunter"". It's the closest thing to a Monster Hunter you'll probably ever get on PC, since Capcom doesn't seem to want to localise the PC games for western audiences.GameplayThere's so much I could get into and talk about for hours, but to keep this short enough, combat feels fluid and really based on skill. Missions aren't terribly difficult (for the most part, see ""The Bad"" below), but getting SSS ranks on higher difficulties really feels like an accomplishment and something you could never hope to achieve via mere ""button mashing"". They've added ""Blood Rage"", which is the aforementioned ""Risk-Reward"" system, that allows you to make a pledge and accept various challenges you'll have to finish in 30-45 seconds. If succesful, you'll enter a special burst state, invincible and dealing way more damage while flying around the battlefield. It's fun.I won't get into the God Eater mechanics in general, since other people made plenty of remarks about that - it's a fun and engaging system to say the least, always better to experience for yourself.CustomisationOh boy. Yes, there's ridiculous amounts of customisation in this game. Scrolling through the clothing alone takes a good minute and I don't even have everything unlocked. The character creation is damn solid, even the character voices have pretty big variety and add personality to an otherwise bland ""mute"" character.And don't get me started on equipment. There's tons of stuff to craft, customise and optimise. You even get to customise the very bullets you shoot in such a detailed manner, you could spend hours on that alone. Hell, even I spent quite a lot of time on that, because it's fun to make ridiculous bullet constructs and there's tons of tutorials and guides online to help get you started with the expansive editor. Apart from that, you can also customise all the NPC allies you bring with you, further customising your playstyle and their behaviour in battle. And there's TONS of people to choose from.MultiplayerMultiplayer is well done for the most part - however, and also the main reason why I was torn on whether to put it here or below, is that there is one glaring synchronisation issue that hasn't been fixed yet. Basically, on some missions (especially on multi-part ones, don't even try those with more than two people) you'll enter an infinite loading screen at the beginning or end of the mission, effectively erasing progress for whoever quits out in the process.Apart from that though, multiplayer is decent. Story Progress is synchronised for the lowest player in the lobby and you cannot use ""Blood Rage"" when any of the players haven't unlocked it. I can see why, but it still seems like a weird choice.Voice ActingI count myself to the people who immediately look for the original japanese voice acting in games like this one here. I was a little shocked at first, when I didn't find the option. However, the english cast is extremely good, so don't worry about that. There wasn't a single moment where I missed japanese voice acting here and all actors delivered quite a good job.The BadThis game has problems. I won't even try to deny that. In fact, I've written this section here first.Aragami ReuseWhile this game is *extremely* fun and has a huge diversity of monsters, it reuses a lot of them. A lot of times. And I do mean, a lot. You'll see even the first few monsters you've faced quite a few times along the path, with the only difference being minor changes in moveset and beefed up stats, to the point where they will somehow almost oneshot you again.Artificial DifficultyThis game is not hard - for the most part. Occasionally, there will be missions that have very odd placements and handicaps that are *not* fun. For example, ""Hey, you know how that one Aragami is a slight annoyance? Let's fight four of them at the same time, two of them being new species that dish out tons of damage in a small arena!"". I don't mind a challenge and to be fair - there is a way to delay three of them by a minute (which will still result in fighting all 3-4 at once eventually) - but just adding tons of Aragami that move relatively fast and just throw you around with each hit taking away half your life is just annoying at best.As mentioned above, they also like reusing old Aragami and just buffing their damage and HP. Then add a defense debuff you can't avoid at mission start and you have the perfect ""difficult"" fight ever, based solely on the fact that they oneshot you with everything they do.Again, this doesn't happen a lot. Maybe 4 in 160 missions. But when it does happen, it's really annoying, since there's nothing you can do against being gang banged in a small arena, where even ""gitting gud"" doesn't help.VerdictDespite having some problems, I've enjoyed my time with God Eater a lot - and will probably spend a lot more time on it in the future. Might dive into the prequel next though. I can whole-heartedly recommend this game - should the developers ever fix the loading screen issues in multiplayer, even more so. There will be frustrating moments, but you *will* make it eventually, just by focussing on getting better on the game, taking it more slowly or crafting new equipment.I noticed I haven't mentioned the story a whole lot. The story's very good - while the ending is a little... odd, you'll be very satisfied in that aspect as well."
,Recommended,438490,34472229,Posted: 24 August,all,T H E  M O O S E,you can have a gun that turns into a sword that turns into a shield that can eat people. what more could you want in a video game?
76561198036263187,Recommended,438490,25238668,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Noyes Laboratory,"Graphic is ""stylistic"", so know what you are in for.  If you expect anime style graphics though, it shouldn't be an issue.Past that, the gameplay is solid.  It's like a faster Monster Hunter + deeper story and party companions to play with.  I would highly recommend.  Oh and you get God Eater Resurrection too!The multiplayer works well, and that should give the game some lasting life.No crashes, no fps drops.  I just had to make sure my dedicated graphic card was selected.I would highly recommend."
76561198067169816,Recommended,438490,25477876,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Half Aluminum Chemist,"In order to talk about God Eater 2, first it would be good to have some perspective on the first God Eater game that comes with its perchase, if youve not played it yourself.Not going to lie, the first game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ My review is mainly going to be me talking about GE1's problems, and how GE2 improved on it.It has very very limited ememy design (most are just reskins/color swaps) and you'll go to the same 5 maps over and over and over. Character models are also very static and not flexable with their movements. This makes cutscenes feel very boring and not engaging, more like just talking with mannequin like movements and fixed camera angles.I personally didnt really like the story either, but i guess its hard to get invested in the characters when their movements are so bad and the enviroments are so repetative. The lore of the world buried in the database files was actually the really interesting stuff. Any side interaction scenes with party members that might happen after missions are limited to 2 lines of dialogue, and they are prone to repeat sometimes. It gives depressingly little insight on their character.God Eater 1 did originaly come out on PSP however, so its understandable as to why these problems are so prominent, you can only fit so much data on that tiny PSP disc after all. Almost makes me feel bad for the game really. The only good things i have to say about it is it has good combat, music, and decent to good voice acting.Now God Eater 2 on the other hand, this game came out on PS Vita (you know, that thing that 5 people in the whole world bought), so they had much more space to work with and create a much better game.The character models are MUCH more flexable this time around, theres more aragami (some really cool ones too, like a giant wolf thing that can blast fire from its arm cannon things to boost itself), more levels in addition to the old God Eater 1 levels, cutscenes actually feel alive, and your party memebers are more fleshed out as their own unique characters. They even have side missions where you can help them out and you'll get extra dialogue and scenes with them, and that goes for all the members, even some from God Eater 1.The combat also has the additon on blood arts which can alter your attacks or give you new ones, adding more variety to the aragami hunting (although you can only equip one at a time, but at least they all level simultaneously). Party member AI is also somewhat improved, theyre willing to switch weapon modes more often and have more weapon variety than the first game (seriously first game was like 90% long sword/buster users).Both these games are remasters of the handheld versions, so the texture quality of both of them is largely the game, not to say it looks great that is, although i think the 2nd game looks a little better in comparison. From a PC port standpoint though, it is quite good. 1080p 60fps with no stutter or slowdown at all, a decent amount of graphical options, can play with keyboard/mouse or controller, native PS4 controller support (dont need an external software to get it to work), and fully rebindable keyboard AND controller buttons. Rebindable controller buttons. That never happens. It even switches the on screen button prompts depending on if you pressed your controller buttons or your K/M buttons at any time during play.Im not saying the second game is amazing, but it is an enjoyable step up (large step) from its predecessor, kind of like an Assassins Creed 2 situation. Would i recommend this game? Sure. Would i recommend it at its current $50 price tag? Not really.Id say wait till it goes on sale for about 25-30 bucks before you pick it up, then have a good time killing some monsters."
,Recommended,438490,25377636,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Satanael,"So where should we start here, eh?FAQs-Does the game runs at 60fps? Yes-Does it have a keyboard/mouse control support? Yes-Is it worth the money I'm paying for here? ♥♥♥♥ YES, considering you're getting another game in the series which gives different style of gameplay overall, I wouldnt ask much more.-Why would I choose this over MH? This game offers a much more fast paced gameplay than MH that offers sluggish and ""realistic"" gameplay.-Where should I start? Resurrection or Rage Burst 2? The story first starts at Resurrection and the direct sequel would be Rage Burst 2 so I'd reccommend those who havent played Rage Burst on the PSP before to start with Resurrection first. Even so, both game have unique features on their own so it's up to you to choose.-What's the different features between the two? Resurrection offers a newly revamped ways of Devouring the Aragamis called Predator Style and revamped Control Unit. As for Rage Burst 2, it carries over the same thing from the original Rage Burst with some additions to new weapons and Blood Arts. [Note that since Resurrection came out after Rage Burst 2, Resurrection also have the new weapons with exceptions of the different featurs mentioned]1. ControlsConsidering it's a hunting game you people probably would want to know how good the control feels and how good they are. I gotta say Im really surprised by this one though explaining which button does this wont be of any use unless you play it yourself. Key commands are CUSTOMIZABLE but I figured the basics are already good enough to be adapted since it's not really far off from those mmorpgs out there. The only thing that makes it different is the bullet system, more on that later.2. GraphicsGraphics arent really the thing to focus on here, though it does look good enough to bring out the textures of the environment, weapons and aragamis(monsters in this game). You want to be impressed by the monster to convince yourself to buy this game? Google 'Hannibal God Eater' and you'll be stoked. No, not that Hannibal show. Mostly it's still your typical JRPG graphics but it's better for most of the part but not on the high end.3. AudioFor this part, those who think they'll enjoy some good sounds and music using their stereo or headphones wont be getting the surround effect and sometimes the music would just stop on its own. I believe this one is one of the major things to look at to enjoy the game, though you can adjust the sound yourself but still wont really do much. You hear a monster's footstep near? Sure you go to them and the sound of the step wont be closer. It's fixed.4.1 Character customizationsSo there are two parts for this customization. First being the weapons and then your character.-Your weapons by default [created by crafting] wont have any customizations on it. However, if you upgrade that weapon, it'll offer another set of colours. Some will change the colour completely but worry not, you can still retain the previous colour by pressing LeftAlt and it'll give you the option to do so. ie: Your sword by default is black, upgrade it once it'll become white and upgrading it once again and it becomes yellow. If you so choose to use the black or white colour, just as I said earlier and it'll still keep the upgraded stats of the weapon.-You can customize your character from top to bottom throughout this game. You get new set of tops and bottoms as you progress through the story. Personally I think they options of accessory are a bit lacking here but you change change the colours and whether it's right or left. Oh and the accessory will just be on your head by the by so dont expect anything extreme till the point you think you'll be able to put a jetpack on your back. Nu'uh.-Other than those mentioned above, the last part would be customizing your teammates. Nothing big but some of them are given a set or two of clothes that you can change by your will. After completing a mission, the teammates you chose to bring will be rewarded by AP points. These points will allow you to give their own set of arsenal. Larger benefits would require more AP to buy though acquiring these APs wont be that long. Examples would be having your chosen teammate to apply poison to the enemy, or stocking more heals so the group can stay longer in fight4.2 Blood ArtsEach weapon has their own set of Blood Arts. In short, your weapon actions will be given additional effects, more damage and visual effects. ie: the weapon type called Buster Sword have charge attack. So you'll see a number of Blood Arts for the charge attack in your loadout for you to choose for the charge attack. One would be having your charge attack to dash you to the front with high speed forward(you can tilt left or right until the duration ends or until you press the button again] and then press the button again to deal a much higher damage than the normal charge attack. Upgrading this path will reward you with higher damage, some additional new effects and as I said earlier new visuals. In this particular matter, the skill I mentioned above is called CC Chaser. Level 1 would have you just dashing. Level 2 will give you additional damage and visuals, level 3 with increased damage and better visuals including a shield that'll mitigate some damage for you and finally the last level where it'll really benefit your fight when you land it right. Upgrading these Blood Arts arent hard but how you actually do that isnt that interesting so I'm not going to elaborate. Imagine yourself dashing forward with your big sword in a flashy red visuals covering you, and then slamming the sword to the ground creating a nice red whirl. Sounds sick eh? For this CC Chaser only the sword deals damage though, the whirl doesnt actually do any damage other than being beautiful.4.3 The infamous Bullet EditorOh my oh my how should I say this. This is one of the best part about the game. You can customize your bullets as the name alreayd implies. You can shoot lasers. You can shoot a bullet. You can shoot a bullet that explodes afterwards. You can shoot a bullet that explodes and then rain lasers. You can shoot a mortar that puts orbs onto the enemy and then the orbs shoots flamethrower and then explodes. You can create rasen shuriken. Look, tl:dr you can do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want with your bullet. There are some good recipes out there in the internet and have fun with them.5. Story and Character progressionThe stories does its job good enough, but your very own character speaks very little lines and they RARELY SPEAKS. I was stoked when my chara spoke. Most of the conversation goes with you selecting an option to reply [any option doesnt reflect the gameplay] w/o any voice acting. During cutscenes, he just nods. There are also a feature called Character Episodes where you can socialize yourself with the characters and progressing these will give you a good benefit if you bring them in missions. The story progresses as you play these STORY missions and cutscenes will play at the end or before the start of a mission. Cutscenes also plays when you talk to characters in between missions. The woman where you'll pick up the mission at will tell you what to do in order to progress the story everytime you talk to her so you really wont lose any track here.I think that's all. Also the game deserves more people that it already have, so spread out about this game to your friends. It needs more publicity but NOT by Nintendo. Please, just no. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. Cheers!Also, should I mention about the b00b physics? And help me choose between Alisa or Gina. Side-Underb00b game too stronk."
76561198009232769,Recommended,438490,34275501,Posted: 16 August,all,Oatmeal Guy,It's a Monster Hunter game but with better hitboxes.And no Plesioth.That's a win-win.
,Recommended,438490,30183796,Posted: 25 February,all,🅢🅔🅡🅐🅟🅗🅧☦,We need Japanese Voice patch!
,Recommended,438490,30644232,Posted: 20 March,all,[EVL] Shadster_,"I first heard about this game from Project X Zone 2, where both Ciel and Nana were playable characters, and Alisa was a support unit. I'd had this game in the back of my mind for about a year, and then the sale earlier in the month happened. Naturally I picked it up after watching a gameplay video, and I was not disappointed. Allow me to go into some of the things that make this game great, and some not so great.PROSGreat story and character development (Nana and her sandwiches)Fun weapons to use w/ bullet customizationDifficulty system with even smaller enemies becoming more durable as the game progressesGame handles very well, almost no lagSmooth and fluid controls (I use a controller)Fantastic soundtrack (I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH)CONSGame can get highly repetitiveMultiplayer trvializes some fights (I took out an endgame boss in under a minute with my friend even while using lower ranked gear)Clothing can get interesting (Especially on female characters)Some weapons feel underpowered (Long blade felt underwhelming compared to Variant Scythe, both in damage and versatility; shotgun is a direct downgrade to blast gun)Post story mode grinding can be an absolute painSome weapons (sniper rifle) need a specific ability (hidden attack) to get the most use from themCamera can be very clunky at times when using lock onDesigned for playing with a controllerSome people will nag about the graphics for this game, as there is some texture tearing, but keep in mind it's an expansion to a PSP game, God Eater 2. I highly suggest people get this game if they're interested; I've definitely gotten my money's worth out of just God Eater 2 Rage Burst alone, and I haven't even touched God Eater Resurrection.TL;DR this game is amazing, be prepared for an experience"
,Recommended,438490,25240805,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Labrynthus,"I can safely say this port does not disappoint in the slightest. I havent experienced any technical issues whatsoever and everything is running at a steady 60fps.If you're a fan of Monster Hunter styled games, but always wished they had excessive ammounts of underboob and waifus on top of a general speed boost for everything, God Eater is the game you're gonna wanna get.I mean what person alive can resist having a jet hammer with a built in shotgun while constantly surrounded by busty chicks that have no idea what the term modesty means?Surely not I."
,Recommended,438490,28299518,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Who Am I,Need japanese dub with english sub ..
,Recommended,438490,25502670,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ecchigoya,"Damn I was totally blown by this game there are not much monster hunting genre for PC and this one is very fun to play.God Eater 2 Rage burst is Vita/PS4 game known for its fast paced monster hunting theme and was ported to Steam.OVERALL REVIEWPros-Game runs smooth 60 FPS.-Good Story.-Mouse and Keyboard Support.-Plenty hours of gameplay.-Fast paced action.-Character customization and vast weapons to choose from.-Waifus (cause anime) :D-2 games for the price of one.Cons (updated)-Well there are some cases of crashes to the game if you choose a specific NPC on that part of the mission but can totally ignored by not selecting that NPC (recently fixed from the last update can ignore this one :D )-several missions are quite repetitive considering the reused maps and different monster placements-Grinding items to craft weapons can be a bit time consumingRight now i'm currently playing GE Resurrection since I don't know the story from the first game, I will play this later as soon as I finished it.Really awesome game, I totally recommend it specially if you love monster hunting Genre.Thank you Bandai Namco for bringing this game to Steam."
,Recommended,438490,25266977,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Oz,"-- Note that I'm pausing playing GE2RB to play the first one that came with it --Pros so far :- I could get it to play in 1440p- I have an option for 144hz, though I'm not sure if it plays at 144FPS or 60FPS; but it's at least 60.- Good KB/M or controller support, it plays well on both- Story so far is interesting.- Pretty fast paced.- Seems to have weapon progression like MH (multiple upgrade path, crafts, etc.).- Art-style is great!- Soundtrack is amazing!- You get GOD EATER Resurrection for free with it.Mixed :- No dual-audio at the moment, but the English VA is pretty good.Cons :- None so far :)"
76561198022266103,Recommended,438490,25284612,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CJraptor,"Wow... where did this remarkable game come from? As someone who had no idea of it's existence until literally the day before it released, this is by far one of the most pleasant surprises I've had this year in gaming. I am an avid Monster Hunter fan, so when I saw this game I was extremely excited. That being said I was also cautious because I knew that this genre while simple can be done extremely poorly (I'm looking at you Toukiden Kiwami). This game however, not only exceded my expectations, but also made improvements upon the hunting genre itself. This game has an excellent combat system with highly responsive and fluid controls. It also allows you to really customize how you play and each weapon type feels unique and fun. God Eater also succeeds in making you feel invested in the story as well as the team mates that you can choose. Where Monster Hunter only has a palico that you use as a body for missions, God Eater gives you a cast of characters who you can interact with and invest time into. The only issue I've had playing thusfar was the camera. At first the game can make you nauseated with it's default settings, but if you zoom the camera out to far in the options all of the issues should be resolved. This is a MUST HAVE for fans of the hunting genre or action rpgs in general (also the anime isn't too shabby either).*Don’t let my playtime fool you, this review is for both GOD EATER RESSURECTION and GOD EATER 2 RAGE BURST. I currently have 13 hours in Resurrection and counting."
76561198084974195,Recommended,438490,25897806,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,YoshinoNanjo,"This is a pretty decent version of god eater 2 on PC, given that you don't have a psv to play it on.Pros:1. To be honest, this is a Monster Hunter type of game, so if you enjoy the combat system of monster hunter, this should be attractive to you. However, god eater is more than a action game, it has a relatively well developed story compared to monster hunter and I really enjoy the concept of the game and witness the story advances.2. Good combat system with both melee weapons and ranged weapons. There're six types of melee weapons, four types of ranged weapons and you can use both melee and ranged weapons during a mission. The combat is pretty smooth and is challenging but not that hard even with ai teammates.3. Nice sound tracks for the game and you'll get flash backs from time to time if you've played god eater burst before.4. Lots of crafting choices for weapons and bullets, also blood skills for you to explore.5. A bunch of cute girls, Arisa is my waifu! But Erina is also very cute...Cons:1. Locking on aragami and switching from different enemies is not as smooth as it was in god eater burst2. The game is dubbed in English, I'd say the voice actors did a good job but it would be natural if the game has a choice for Japanese dub3. Frames would be torn apart if you don't turn on vertical sync.4. Seems a bit expensive, it's better to wait for a discount.Overall I'll give it 8/10 for single player content. Haven't test the multiplayer though, hopefully the server is good enough, probably gonna update after some online games."
,Recommended,438490,25245870,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Nhan,"Alot compare it to Monster Hunter since the games are pretty similiar, this is however is more fast pace and I feel its own title can hold its own.I'm surprised noone has mentioned this but the AI system is amazing! Theres a few flaws here and there, however its still pretty good and can be corrected and improved using the personal abilities!What Monster Hunter doesn't provide is a squad of friendly AI team mates! These AI team mates are infact probably better than a human, thats how amazing they are. The AI's have a high survival rate and they are able to RESURRECT YOU! This removes the frustration of playing alone like most games (very useful for solo players like me)! AI shot you in the back by accident? No problem they stop firing and apologise (apart from Kanon...).They even heal and buff you and listen to your commands pretty damn well! They also talk often and feel alive, creating this talkative squad atmosphere."
,Recommended,438490,29758010,Posted: 7 February,all,Ivana Mishkov,Possibly the closest thing to Monster Hunter on PC for the time being.(This was also passed on to me by a friend but passing it on here) Strongly recommended that you start with RESURRECTION and work your way to 2: Rage Burst. This game does have a contuining plot and storyline.
,Recommended,438490,25324394,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Steve The Fry Guy,"As a Monster Hunter fan that got tired of playing on a 3DS and playing a little of the original God Eater for the Vita; I was surprised to find that it was getting a release on PC.The game is a PS4 port, that is handled beautifully, it runs at a smooth 60fps and looks fantastic.As for gameplay, it's exactly like monster hunter or any other clone. Start out fighting small cannon-fodder monster to possible giants, scavenging drops, crafting/upgrading weapons, etc.I would recommend playing with a controller, as I haven't tried KB+MIt has a 4p co-op multiplayer. I haven't tried it though, so I don't know how well the multiplayer aspect fares.A minor issue that I have is that the music will cut out during a fight or will not loop properly in a menu.Other than that, this game is great. I would recommend it to MH fans, MH clone fans, and anyone else new to the series."
,Recommended,438490,25255253,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Saiyer,"Never really played Monster Hunter or God Eater prior to playing this game. Heck, I didn't even watch the anime for God Eater.As a game by itself without looking at it as a clone of Monster Hunter...I've been having tons of fun with it. Lots of equipment upgrades, skills, custom bullet options, and flexiable combat towards people's specific playstyles that remains smooth and comprehensive.I tried getting my friends to buy the game only for it to be labled as ""weebtrash"" and that it's not compariable to Monster Hunter...despite tons of reviews saying otherwise.If you're looking at this game and even have the slightest bit of interest, I recommend picking it up and giving it a try. You can always refund the game if it isn't your cup of tea but you'd be missing out if you just flat out pass up the game.It's also a good port...something a lot of other games coming to PC can't seem to bloody manage."
,Recommended,438490,32999143,Posted: 29 June,all,CaptOblivious,"It's basically Monster Hunter's grindfest mixed with Devil May Cry's fast combat. If you enjoyed any of those two games, you'll like this one.It's pretty much the same as Resurrection when it comes to the setting and story. You play as a teen who lives in a future where the world is being eaten by monsters called Aragami. In order to fight back, an organization called Fenrir creates the God Eaters, which are humans who use the power of the God Arc to kill and ""devour"" the Aragami. You become a God Eater and join a new special unit of God Eater called Blood.The only other God Eater game I played was Burst for the PSP. The new additions from that game include more customization when it comes to gear, Blood Arts/Bullets, and character episodes. These are all nice additions.The story is pretty generic and for those of us who already played the first game, it's basically the same journey. Luckily the focus of the game isn't the story, but the grind. You kill monsters, collect materials from them, create stronger gear and use that gear to kill something stronger. It's pretty rewarding and enjoyable, although I admit it's not as engaging as Monster Hunter. Although it does seem easier this time, since you can use tickets to buy materials now, which drop from missions.The graphics aren't that great since this game is just a port from a handheld, but it is nice to look at. The anime art style is nice although I'm not too much of a fan of the way everyone looks like a child/teen. Some maps are really nice to look at, like the snowy temple area. The sound is as good as ever. You have to hear it for yourself though, not sure how to describe it.If I were to say anything negative about this game, it would have to be the new characters. They're basically generic anime characters. There's the serious and kind leader. There's the serious guy with a dark past. There's the happy dumb guy. There's a dumb girl who's barely wearing anything. Etc etc. Not only that but the English dubbing is pretty bad. At least when it comes to Japanese dubs, you can't really tell if the voice acting is bad or not. But here it makes me cringe at times.Also not that many people seem to play this game in the west. There's not many guides available online unlike Monster Hunter, and the wiki isn't that helpful either. I was only able to find a site that lists the materials obtained from the enemies, but not the chances of getting them. I was only unable to find a good list of the missions and what items can be obtained from them. Luckily, area materials, enemy weaknesses, and mission rewards information are available in the game's database.The game is definitely worth checking out. Also you get Resurrection as a bonus. If that one is anything like Burst, it'll be fun too, although personally I would be sticking with this game and probably won't be touching Resurrection."
,Recommended,438490,29021268,Posted: 4 January,all,M I Z I エラー,"I kinda love and hate this game- the gameplay is fantastic, its one of the best available monster hunting games right now, you have 6 melees, 4 guns and 3 type of shields to custom the weapon of your choice, plus all of the categories have their own stuff and blood arts, which improves the gameplay fairly a bit.- battles are fun as hell, you really need to learn how to play this game at the later stages, where you can pretty much die in 2 hits if you don't have a decent build.- character customization is pretty big too, no matter what you will always have a character you feel comfortable with.- the ost is an eargasm.- 2 games for the price of one!- kanon daiba and gina dickinson are the best characters everBUT......the story is awfully bad.really I don't know what was going on when they where developing the story, it has so much drama in it that it stops being fun after some hours.plus the game really centers everything around you in the cringiest way possible, you are literally the center of the universe for most of the characters in the game...to the point that there's a girl that literally spent all her life working for the millitary and reseaching stuff, and because you talk to her a couple of times she drops all her sadness to you and becomes your best friend and she cuts her relationships to almost everything she's been working in years to just be by your side.its ridiculous.I played the first god eater and yes you are a new type and you care cool as ♥♥♥♥ for being able to switch weapons, but both the story and characters aren't as cringy as what they did with this one.-----> so my final toughts:buy this game if you want to have a good time killing giant monsters and maybe playing with your friends while doing so, but don't buy this game if you expect a good story plot, because you won't find it"
,Recommended,438490,30181782,Posted: 25 February,all,~Grim~RøA EøS~,"I played both Resurrection and Rage Burst.These two games took my by surprise as I expected it to be extremely similar to Monster Hunter but it had it's own spin to it. Battles were fun and satisfying, the music and atmosphere was grand and the characters were actually interesting. Both games have their minor flaws but they're both great games if you persist through the early stuff. The early game is a bit bland and slow even with story. But mid game and late game is where these games are at.Both games has good gameplay but it's really hard to distinquish which one is more fun. Resurrection with its many patches got a smooth, coherent feel to the gameplay with no overcompensating abilities other than your weapons and predator styles. But the simplicity eventually wore me down with little to offer when I got tired from it. Rage burst somewhat went balls to the wall when you got into mid or late game with better arts being easier to unlock and having an  'overdrive' mode to activate to go full destruction. At first Rage Burst had little to compete with Resurrection as it felt more tedious, slow and hard to keep continuing with the lack of skills and 2 predator styles making you grind for better arts to feel like you are contributing. But again, mid to late game brings in the stuff gradually making it surpass Resurrection in the moment of fun. Art styles become powerful, you unlock forbidden arts, the gear you make and the parts you find becomes worthwhile. I don't know if they intended to make you feel weak or useless for the first part of the game but boy am I glad they took off the training wheels when the time came to it.The stories both games have is surprisingly good. Monster Hunter has a basic story because it wasn't made to be story driven but hunting driven. It has it's funny dialogue and that's good enough. Because God Eater is an anime style game it has to have more main story and small stories to tell, interesting characters to show while developing their bio for you to connect with them. Most do fall under certain common categories but it is done in a tasteful manner when you go through the game and begin to understand all that it has to offer. There were a few twists that caught me by surprise, even though I tried to predict some things. Both games had great stories in it and characters to like. That is a plus for me.The downsides? Well I never really noticed much downsides from the first game but Rage Burst has a bunch that I wish were fixed. The sound bugging out is quite annoying and takes away the atmosphere of the game. It's distracting when fighting to hear the music suddenly drop and it's silent. The few network related bugs make it a hassle and neither my friend and I can really tell what the problem was. Whether it was our connection or that we were too fast getting a game going that one of us joined and the other lost connection. Because the first has so much polish Rage Burst felt tedious when it came to interactions with scenes. Usually cutscenes in Resurrection was a simple cinematic feeling. Rage Burst got you to press ENTER whenever you felt like it and would hold the scene until you do so. Making it less of a cinematic cutscene but a group conversation that needed to be held hands with. There was also this massive difference between a single aragami you fight in both games that honestly ruined the monster I first knew in Resurrection. Dyaus Pita in Rage Burst was very different to the one in Resurrection and that comes down to lazy updating and leaves me to feel we just fight different ones in each game. The one in Resurrection is fun, interesting, unique and painful. The one in Rage Burst, in the words of the community is ' a Pain In The♥♥♥♥♥ PITA' because of it's overall unnaturally durable and hard to hit weak spots with boring/bland abilities with nothing interesting to keep the fight fun. There is no transformation to make it strong, it's just incredibly disappointing.I've written enough but the soundtrack is gorgeous. I love it. Both games are really good and has replayability potential. Despite the flaws, both games get a solid 9/10 from me. I can only hope that the third game gives you blood arts and the predator styles."
,Recommended,438490,31595086,Posted: 6 May,all,DOY,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst on the Steam store is actually two games : God Eater Resurrection and God Eater 2 Rage Burst.This is going to be a place holder for the review of both games. At this time I've completed the first game's main story and to the end of Rank 14.God eater is a third person hybrid mix of melee and gun combat. God arcs of a combination of interchangable guns and melees that are interchangable and used to combat with large beasts called ""aragami"". The game setting takes place in a post-apocalypic Japan where humanity has brought upon their own downfall by finding very special cells, oracle cells, that have evolved into creatures that can devour anything and take on the characteristics of what they devour. The character you play is a new member of 'Fenrir's Far East Branch' ; humanity last functional quasi-military organization. The first game focuses on building atmosphere, introducing the current weaponized technologies and character relations through a series of missions to destroy aragami as you progress from the ranks of rookie to commander - that is the game in a nutshell without any spoliers.The game has a somewhat extensive crafting system that uses aragami materials to make and upgrade melee weapons, guns, shields and skilled accesories. There are 6 types of melee weapons, 4 types of guns and 3 types of shields. A god arc is composed of a melee, gun and shield. Predator form is a special form god arcs take to extract aragamis cores and materials and also used as special skills during melee combat - 5 can be equipped at a time. Gun play is a bit special as there is a bullet editor available that lets you make custom bullets that have different behavior and trajectories - lasers, bombs, flamethrowers, homing, etc.Combat focues on exploitation of opening in an aragami's attack patterns, elemental weakness, body part weaknesses and attack type weaknesses (slash, crush and pierce attacks). Most aragami are about 2-3 larger in terms of height and a few are about x10 as tall. The game itself is challenging as it takes patience and observation to learn attack patterns to decide the right times to attack or defend.The cosmetics in the game are nice looking in my opinion. You get drip feed new tops and bottoms as you progress through the games story. An assortments of hair styles and hair accesories are also available.The game itself was unfortunately held back technologically since the original game was a psp/ps vita game and this was a port, a pretty good port at that. The only quirk i have with that game is that there is this one stutter that appears while in the main base lobby but this is gone once you enter a mission allowing for smooth game play. The game runs at a 60 fps lock, a step up from its original which had a 30 fps lock with frame drops.The price of the game itself at $70.00 I find high due to the age of the game and knowing that it was a handheld game. Even knowing that it was a 2 game package I find $35 CAD per game still high. That said i got the game on sale at 60% off and was fairly satisied with the content provided at that price point.I'll do a review for the 2nd game once im done with it."
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,438490,33213902,Posted: 3 July,all,AcidMonkey,"If you want to play this game with friends, you can't; Do not buy.Multiplayer does not work with 3 or 4 players. It is a common bug, you see it posted about all over reddit and the steam discussions. They still haven't fixed it close to a year after release, and there is no known fix."
76561198079944150,Recommended,438490,29883252,Posted: 12 February,all,Sovereign Loli,"It has such a good story.  I would say about 80 hours worth of play time just to get through it.  After you finish that, there is still so much to do since they provide you with more missions and a different mode.  Worthwhile."
76561198042437241,Recommended,438490,29882170,Posted: 12 February,all,Aroq & Roll !!,"great game, didn't expect much but it's suprisingly good,rather boring at the beginning, the real game start at difficulty 5 and 8you always wanted to kill giant monsters with just a gun and a sword ? well this game was made for you"
76561198089426679,Recommended,438490,32020870,Posted: 28 May,all,Keiichi18,"I very rarely give reviews (infact this is my first) anyway I have about 119 HOURS on God Eater Ressurection clocked and 15 hours for Rage Burst.Now I bring up God Eater Ressurection as in this bundle you get God Eater 2 Rage Burst and God Eater Ressurection in the same pack, and I would reccomend getting the game if Monster Hunter was your kind of game then this will be too. Though unlike Monster Hunter God Eater has a story.I've only had a few issues and its all to do with the multiplayer systems, as well as being region locked (so you can only play on the same region as the person you are playing with) it has a habit of lagging and completely crashing. The AI in battles can also be pretty dumb, doing sub-optimal things and you pretty much use them as cannon fodder in the end.Though on the upside the game runs pretty damn well and has a good story like. I may as well call the bullet varity limitless as unlike many games where you have 3 basic types (for example here you have Assult, Sniper, Shotgun and Blast) you can go into the bullet editor and create your own bullets with crazy and fun effects (I've seen people may Touhou spell cards). With this the melee weapons are pretty vaired too and tend to allow you to switch between playstyles on the fly.Anyway a good reccommend for me."
76561198160868511,Recommended,438490,25913719,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent game with a fast paced gameplay reminiscent of that of the ""Monster Hunter"" series.Here's a brief review.-The game runs at a smooth 60 FPS,the graphics look really good and can be enjoyed even on a toaster tier computer.-Good story and characters,also the cutscenes are nicely done as well.-Great art directions for the monsters,environment,weapons and characters.-A very enjoyable OST and a good english dub.-Impressive longevity thanks to the long main story,many sidequests and co-op online play.-The first game of the series is included with this one.-The action looks great and flows awesomely.-A ton of weapons and moves as well as countless character customization options.If you like stylish action games and/ot taking down huge creatures in Monster Hunter you'll love this game."
76561198079061265,Recommended,438490,26287911,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ashcroft,"Ok i will edit this a little with Pros/Cons version.Pros:- Monster Hunter-like gameplay (you have to create gear, get team to take down a giant, powerfull enemies to get Materials to create stronger gear, get team to take down... you know there it is going),- Entertaining story about world end (something like mix between Evolution [Aragami] and I am Legend [almost extinct world]). But really not sure if it is man-made catastrophe.- A lots of gear to make and upgrade (seriously it's like 200 weapons + tons of other stuff to make [and over 1000 Materials to make them... pain in the♥♥♥♥♥),- Interesting characters with own strengths and weakens (you can know them better thanks to completing thei missions [something little like Mass Effect or Dragon Age]),- Overwhelming monsters (of course many of them are just elemental variations about the same creature, but you have to prepare yourself to fight them depends who you will meet),- Card system helps you with getting rare materials (thats and upgrade from first game on PSP).- Personal Skills / MC Blood Skills (You can upgrade your companions [and yourself] with various skills that helps you take down more and much stronger enemies)Pro/Con: Many. MANY missions (if you have pathological obssesion about getting everything done it will take you lots of hours to do all quests). Not sure if it's pro or con so here we go.Cons:- Graphic (it's not horrible, but it's PC-port of PSV-port of PSP-port so it's not exacly looks like AAA games),- English VA (some characters are great but some are so-so, i prefer hear orginal voices over dubbing [English isn't my first language too so and i played first GE with JP voice... they were better]).- well too many Survival Missions for me (if you need only 1 thing to make you holy weapon and it only dorps in 5/5 Difficult 15 misson with 5% of DropRate you will swear...a lot).Oh and con is you can't get all Achivement (for now Achivement for getting all Achivements is bugged). I don't know how some people get it. I stuck on 46/47.Nevermind they repaired it. 47/47 Woohoo!"
76561198023253644,Recommended,438490,25415713,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,typodemon00,"I dont wanna echo every other reveiw but its a cold hard fact, the game really is a fast paced monster hunter-esque game with an interesting story and even more interesting characters. The character creation is simple but varied enough to find something most will enjoy, and as clothes don't effect stats you too can enjoy the meta game of being a top fashion eater, as you progress the story and unlock more clothes to craft.Combat is fast and fun, easy to pick up, difficult to truely master if you try to make use of every advantage. The only real downside I can really point out is the region locked multiplayer which adds a wrinkle when it comes to playing with friends or... well anyone. luckily the community has created a group so you can find others to hook up with to nom some gods together.if all this sounds like your cup of tea, then by all means, come join us at the far east branch for good times and good monster noms."
,Recommended,438490,25512850,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,fikkyun,"Don't bring Kanon with you.Edit: I have seen the light. Kanon is a goddess.Edit 2: Now that I've finished the main story, I'll actually give my thoughts.First of all, for those going in the game expecting a Monster Hunter experience - don't. You'll be disappointed. God Eater is not MonHun and it never will be, which isn't a bad thing for me at least.Comparisons made referencing the first GE will be based on the initial release of GE and not GE Resurrection.Storywise, it plays like your typical shounen anime - willpower, friendship and all that - and it was done pretty decent. Albeit, somewhat shallow. Still, I love my fill of shounen and this satisfied me. The addition of Character Episodes gives exposition to other God Eaters and also serves to strengthen them as a companion you'll bring in missions. Some are pretty entertaining, to say the least. You'll probably be able to finish the main story in around 70 to 100 hours, depending on how you play it. Don't take my word for it tho.Gameplaywise, its a hack and slash with hunting elements. Gather materials, strengthen your equipment, fight stronger aragamis etc. The addition of Blood Arts, new aragamis and new weapon types makes it a lot more exciting than the first GE. It can get pretty grindy if materials you need don't drop but you can exchange tickets for materials, which is pretty convinient. Getting the tickets themselves will still be grindy.I'd recommend this but watch gameplay videos first to know what you're getting into. Oh and get a friend to play it with too. Or 3 friends."
76561198005693990,Not Recommended,438490,28318487,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kagero_scm,"Only buy the game if you plan to play alone.The game itslef is good, a nice take on the monster hunter formula with a nice set of skill, powerups and the grinding  / farming is not too bothersome.That being said, I can't recomend it to anyone who wants to play co-op on this game, as even since launch the game is plaged with a bug that developers don't seem to care to resolve or at least contour.Chances are that if you play with more than one co-op partner, after the end of a battle your game will stuck forever in ""Waiting for other players"", at the first mission this is a minor anoyance, but as the game progresses you might get this erros after a seriously hard mission, and all your progress is lost.If the developers eve correct this four month old bug I'll  change this review, but so far, stay away from it"
76561198192172251,Recommended,438490,27609480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jeanne d'Arc (Alter) ^ ^,I hope will release japanese audio
,Recommended,438490,33618236,Posted: 17 July,all,R42Gamez,Great Game But I didnt Like the English Dub
76561198128346425,Recommended,438490,29063498,Posted: 6 January,all,Puchi,4/5 good game5/5 if u make it japan dub
76561198059869393,Recommended,438490,25510282,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,GianTDIX,"After playing for a couple of hours I think I can put a review.The port is solid with 0 dropsThe game itself is pretty fun and you can sink hours easily, the grinding is not bad thanks to tickets and all the game can be soloed, however you will end up using you gun more than your meele at the late game, mostly because even a fart from the aragamis can 1 shot you.The story is good however there is a twist at the end that I'm pretty sure will make you say What the ♥♥♥♥. The game doesn`t have the hole story, if you want more you have 2 mangas -2nd- Break which is the prequel of this game and Undercover which tells you what is Yuu Kannagi (Canon MC from GE1) is doing in his secret mission. There is also a manga for GE2 with Hiro Kamui (Canon MC of GE2) but don`t need to read it since you playing the game already.However not all is good there are 2 issues.first one is the music of old tracks from GE and GE Burst stops sometimes playing mid fight, it can be short of fixed with Rage Blood but I don`t think thats it how it should besecond one is the online, it may seem dead but in reallity, it isn`t. The problem is some monkeys decide to code the region only which makes you play ONLY with the people with that dowloading region set in steam (Basically if your setting is downloading from France you can`t play with anyone else, I know its stupid) so I recommend look into getting in a steam group for this.If this 2 issues are fixed the game should be perfect, forgot to mention you also get god eater Resurrection so you aren`t missing anything here."
,Recommended,438490,34979965,Posted: 15 September,all,Orrion,"I don't want to be fancy, I only want to list what the game does well and not-so-well.ProsExcellent gameplay. Dynasty Warriors x Dark Souls x Monster HunterAwesome soundtrack. It has variety, and some of the battle tracks are amazing.NPC allies with great A.I most of the time, but they can rarely be frustratingly stupid.Good character customization and a great deal of different teammates.Fun multiplayer, albeit with a small and really friendly community.Neat Norse-like overarching monster and concept design.Trial-and-error gameplay in later levels.An interesting, if cliche-filled story.Grinding! For those who love it.ConsGrinding! For those who hate it.Trial-and-error gameplay in later levels.Only ten areas, so the vistas may get repetitive after a short while.The hitboxes and monster tells aren't perfect, but are reliable enough.The U.I isn't the best, and don't even try to play with a keyboard.The game doesn't explain some of it's mechanics (elemental damage) at all.Some of the dialogue is sorta' cheesy, but the game doesn't take itself seriously.All in all,Get. It.The game also comes with a remaster of the first game - God Eater: Resurrection - so you won't miss out on the story if you're worried about that sort of thing. Each one takes 150-250hr on average, maybe more depending on what you do. I don't suggest rushing."
76561198043928370,Recommended,438490,31254560,Posted: 20 April,all,Shooka Blam Roast Beef,You'll notice all the negative review's go something like this1.5 hour on record or less-Its too complicated-The controls are bad-The Graphics are bad20 hours on record.-Games too repetitive-Shallow combat systemYou can basically disregard the 1.5 reviews the real meat of the games at the 30+ mark when you start actually understanding how to make bullets and synchronize skill sets together to make a proper build.The games got a lot of detail so i definetly wouldn't say its shallow however yes it can get repetitive if you're not a fan of the monster hunter type genre. Also if you want to feel less repetivity start trying more and more builds there is a lot of very viable end game combo's.
76561198187904166,Recommended,438490,30461770,Posted: 11 March,all,VVC_,"As a person who hadn't seen the show this game is quite good. Great story, well optimized, and fun gameplay. However, i would really like it if they add a way to increase mouse sensitivity since it feels way to slow for my likings.PS: PLz add japanese voices the english voices are quite unbearable for me"
,Recommended,438490,25346189,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,2B vs world,"in my opinion,pros:-vast customization of everything, ESPECIALLY BULLETS-tons of hours of gameplay-each character in the game is unique-multiplayer fun! (if you have friends to play with)-monster hunter-esque gameplaycons:-story is a bit bland-no japanese for voice :c-gameplay gets tiring sometimes: register a mission , kill something, repeat.-no option for camera speed adjustment.-quick devour in GER (pc): shift + right-click, quick devour in GE2RB (pc): hit once, shift + right-click.-cost of the game :/ i can't play with some of my friends because they can't afford the game.overall this is a great game, i recommend this game for everyone"
76561198156806003,Recommended,438490,25516220,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Neiker,"its a great port, i would argue that it was overpriced, but seeing as you get both GE:R and GE: Burst 2, this is a very good deal if you like this kind of game.Pros:-Solid 60 fps-Good gameplay-Dub voice is actualy not that bad, with a few characters being superior to the japanese version.-OK story(dont expect any amazing plot twists here, its actualy prety predictable, but its good.)Negatives:-No japanese voice acting.-Be prepared for grinding(but realy, this is a given seeing the tipe of game this is).-A few bugs on multiplayer/lack of lobbies, but you can easily find people to play with on the forums.-Kanon.In short...if you like monster hunting games this is a must buy! But itf you are not much into this kind of grindy game, its probably not for you."
76561198028615298,Recommended,438490,27285059,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Honya,"2 games for one price is really neat.I played the original God Eater on PSP years before, and I liked that really much, however it was too hard, and didn't finish.Boy I was wrong. The PC version is harder. If you're not fond of crafting-upgrading and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I tell you, you'll bleed through your♥♥♥♥♥♥However, the game is fine, good characters, good story( don't expect much, but enjoyable ), the fighting is fun.A bit repetative, and forces you to care about your equipment, some fights takes ages, but in the end you'll jump from excitement when you finally beat that pesky Dyaus Pita.The RESURRECTION is really long( took me 40 hours just to finish the main story line ), almost too long. Can't say much about God eater 2, as I haven't finished it yet.The second game is almost the same as the first, some new areas, some new weapons, functionalities, but I couldn't say it's a whole different game. Which is not a bad thing, since I liked the first one."
,Recommended,438490,33527360,Posted: 13 July,all,Killa,"If you have a black screen, search on Youtube: God Eater - Black Screen Fix. The youtuber is: jasonsonitHope this helps."
76561198063336345,Recommended,438490,34911212,Posted: 12 September,all,The Doc,"Great game. as others have said its like monster hunter but with some variation. GE2RB has full customization of your char, a great story although at times it does feel like a generic JRPG. overall i would give it a 8/10 as the online community is not very active, but playing solo is lots of fun. would love to see more of a online community. the biggest issue with this game is that it has a very repetivie element to it, similiar to monster hunter in that you fight similiar or the same monster so many times.-pros:funchar buildingbullet buildingcan change just about anything you want with your charsatisfying when you take down a monster.-cons:repetivie gameplaylack of online commnuity8/10"
,Recommended,438490,28110688,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,the naive crazy sheep,"Other than the fact that you dont have japanese voice in a japanese game, god eater is great, it has a fascinating story line substantially established in a fiction world well configured, the missions sometimes gets repetitive how ever the battle system wields great varities, in addition to that, the game focuses heavily on character and weapon customization, which for people who like things their own unique way, this feature is fantastic, the graphics is a bit outdated, yet does not affect the pleasure derived from the gameplay a bit in my opinion."
76561198038704931,Recommended,438490,29856695,Posted: 11 February,all,Tiller,"I could never enjoy Monster Hunter. I don't really like slow combat and things like that. Desptie this I greatly enjoyed God Eater. This game is fairly similar to Monster Hunter but the combat is faster and there is more emphasis on story. There are wide varieties of customization options along with a decent cast of characters. The English Dub is a bit weird and bad sometimes and lip syncing as well as showing emotions on character faces can be subpar at times, but the overall gameplay is fun and the story is compelling. The game offers different ways to be fun and frustrating but over I have had a positive experience playing this game."
,Recommended,438490,25421646,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TheOtherJosh,"Awesome game! Has fun, fast paced & skill based combat fighting giant monsters. Good buy and with the first game included in the purchase makes this a very worthwhile purchase.Also has underboob, side boobs and cleavage. Almost every type of boob you could wish for in a game, so yeah. That's a plus too I suppose."
,Recommended,438490,25270235,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,King Of Kings,"Very solid port to PC, unmovable 60 fps, A bunch of underboob, sideboob."
,Recommended,438490,32660298,Posted: 22 June,all,A Noob,This is the best monster hunting-style game I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,438490,28208589,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Taohuay,"Multiplayer issue still occurs....If you play more than 2 people, you will stuck at loading screen when battle finishes frequentlyDO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH 3-4 PEOPLE....wait until it's fixed"
76561198133213470,Recommended,438490,33479437,Posted: 12 July,all,Draken,Coming From Monster Hunter series i'd say this game has similar ideas but with a different combat system.each weapon has a set of combos.Pros:+ Character voice acting+ Character Customization offer lot of options+ The monsters in game looks great+ Runs 60 Fps+ The characters are anime-like and looks great+ lots of monsters and missions+ Play with FriendsCons:- The game become reptitive over timeConclusion:If you like monster hunting game mixed with anime then this is a game you might enjoy!8/10
,Recommended,438490,33473976,Posted: 12 July,all,IYB,Do you need allies? Nah.... Do you need strategy? Nah.... You just need a big F%$&ing Weapon.
,Recommended,438490,25604121,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Awolkia,"What a grindWith darkness and silence through the nightWhat a grindI'm searching and I'll melt into youWhat a fear in my heartBut you're so supreme!I give my lifeNot for honor, but for you (God Eater)In my time there'll be no one elseCrime, it's the way I fly to you (God Eater)I'm still in a dream, God Eater"
76561198045061547,Recommended,438490,33492825,Posted: 12 July,all,Jim korosaki,Was a very fun game. Its Great for people that enjoy Monster World and those kind of games.The Gameplay and controlls can take abit to get into but when you do it feels nice and smooth.Im Specially glad that you get the remake of the first game with God eater 2 Rage burst so you get to play both of them.I would say that whenever the game is on sale that its a great game to grab and play.
,Recommended,438490,25532028,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,HoneyWorks ツ,"This is my first time giving a review ~Ive only played burst but i pretty much like it , game run smooth at 60fps , the game controlls was optimized for pc which i found very helpfull .Great story lineMH style game playGraphics are pretty goodthe only thing i wanted to see was jap voice , which i think the game would never have but well english voice sounds nice too .Well thats about it , hope this help ."
76561198060353002,Recommended,438490,25887454,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kinsworth,"This review is partly personal and via the perspective of an old GE player.I am just gonna review GE Resurrection mainly because GE2 Rage Burst is pretty solid based from previous reviews and youtube vids I've seen and read. I won't delve into the Pros and Cons because you can read that in other reviews.GE Resurrection is a great revamp of the old GE from the PSP but sadly the voice acting, the new script and repetitive dialogue after missions just got to me. I know what you people might think, ""Well its pretty obvious that they might not reach out to the old Voice actors"", or something like well I know that much but its just the VAs didn't cut it like the ones the got me immersed from the original game. I partly also blame this on the script since it was changed but the core of the script didn't, thank God for that. The script the VAs used was similar to the original but just became more dramatic to point where I was like, ""Really, this isn't how Alisa or Lindow talks"". Yes their personality base is still the same but as an old fan it just didn't made me feel the same way about them. The after mission dialogues were I guess both good and bad. Good in terms of you can get attached to the character just a bit more. Bad becuase some scenes start to get repeated. I do enjoy playing it again thanks to the Personal Abilities that were added to the comrades you can bring which an amazing improvement. I question though if it was good that they added the Hammer and Scythe to the revamp.I do recommend people buy this but I warn the old fans of the original because it's just not the same."
,Recommended,438490,25359692,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nightheaven,"I first heard of God Eater on Crunchyroll, and was bored, and binged the series. I loved the show, short as it was, so I figured, hey I'll try the game out. I never played God Eater: Resurrection, and started here. Not sure if that was a mistake, plot-wise, or not. Considering you get both when you buy this one, maybe start with that one if you want the full plot experience.Anyways, this game is, in a nutshell, Monster Hunter ""anime style"" and its exactly how it sounds. It has an anime plot to it, which I've been really into. English voice acting doesn't make me want to jump out the window, and the game is LONG. You won't beat this in less than 20 hours, I promise. I still haven't finished it, but there are extra missions, side missions, etc, to keep you from progressing too fast, if your like me, you do every mission you can get your hands on, so yeah. I've put in 14 hours, and I'm on ""Difficulty 4"" the missions get harder as you progress, and there's usually around a dozen or so missions in each ""difficulty"" so there's plenty to do. I believe it goes up to at least difficulty 15, so there's plenty of missions. There's cutscenes and dialogue between each campaign missions, plus special character sidequests, and harder missions, apart from the main story ones. What I'm getting at, is that this game is HUGE. I'm not a speed-runner, but I'm sure as hell not slow, either.Gameplay does get somewhat repetitive though, like Monster Hunter does. So, they have their selection of God Arc weapons, and you equip 3 at a time, including a melee weapon, gun weapon, and shield. Melee weapons include blades, scythes, hammers, spears, etc. Gun weapons are of a lesser variety with only Shotguns, Blast Cannons, Machine guns, and Snipers. And shields are shields, they just block X amount of damage depending on the size, but take X amount of time to transform into, with 3 sizes. But when I get bored, I just switch weapons.Crafting is similar to monster hunter, you harvest monster materials, makes monster weapons, guns and shields, and thats that. You can craft clothing as well, and character customization is actually better than other games, but not super intensive by any means.Before each mission you can select up to 3 other squad members to accompany you, they have skills they can unlock with points earned by going on missions, doing their quests, once available, they get special skills you can customize, so for you people who like boosting numbers, you may like this system well enough. It can be complex though, weapons have skills you can interchange, they have a Database so large, you don't know what some of the mechanics are doing half the time until you actually look it up, so it can be confusing at times.Although, guns are pretty cool. You can edit the different bullets you shoot, having up to 15 different types at once, switching at will. Later on you unlock Blood Bullets, basically just super bullets that explode 3 times instead of 1 or split into other homing bullets, or pierce enemies, etc. Each gun uses different bullets, and will have different Blood Bullets to play with. So lots of fun stuff to play with on just guns alone.All in all, I reccomend this game to any Monster Hunter fans, God Eater fans, or people who like anime storylines. I rate this game a 7/10.Pros:Great StoryBearable English Voice ActorsEntertaining GameplayPlenty of MissionsWeapon VarietyCraftingI Can Wear Cat EarsCons:LOTS Of Confusing Stats, Effects, Etc...Can Be RepetitiveYou Fight The Same Guys A LotI Can't Marry My Waifus"
,Recommended,438490,29402832,Posted: 21 January,all,Enviar,"Just like monster hunter, Good story, buy this and get God Eater Resurrection.There's no Japanese dub on steam."
,Recommended,438490,33471217,Posted: 11 July,all,AlexWrench,"Like ""Roguelites"", hunting games invoke a certain paradigm: sequentially challenging missions in which the player and their team face off against trash mobs and ""Large Monsters"". In between, there are post-mission reprieves to upgrade gear, stock up on potions, and invest in skills for the long grind ahead. So it is in God Eater, which boasts a menagerie of goopy corrupted beast gods to rip through with your giant anime weapon (called a ""God Arc""). And while at first pass the weapon selection may seem a little light, your God Arc can switch freely between melee and firearm modes like some kind of edgelord Leatherman. The melee weapon charges the gun, so in order to dish out the pain efficiently you have to cycle back and forth between them, giving you access to a constant offensive rhythm. Meanwhile the best kept secret of God Eater is its mysterious bullet editor: once you know how to program your own unique bullets, you can absolutely break the game. The monsters are well designed visually and they all have unique bullet types you can steal in the heat of battle. Their attack patterns aren't really anything a seasoned Monster Hunter hasn't seen before, but they play more with elemental hard counters than MH does, and the extra flexibility afforded by the transforming God Arc usually keeps the player from getting trapped by their loadout.God Eater, once the only rival to Monster Hunter, holds up rather well as the PC's early bird of the genre. For two games at the price of one, it's not a bad deal at all (even if I totally skipped the first game). It's a little clunky and overcomplicated, but it starts out easy enough to let you in, and you can always play with some friends until you get your bearings. That is, assuming any of your friends want to play an anime grinding game from the PSP."
,Recommended,438490,33708584,Posted: 21 July,all,Wendy,"Highly repetative but fun, great story, interesting characters, the combat is fun and easy to learn.55 hours and i still haven't finished, you get your moneys worth :D"
,Recommended,438490,29520103,Posted: 27 January,all,Stera,"It will be better if there's japanese DUB option ,but so far it's a good game.and theres some bug on character episode and some times the audio it's not matching the conversation (audio sync problem)."
,Recommended,438490,25463618,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[?],"Before Review Sorry For Bad Grammar (not mother language) :)Monster Hunter Minimalize Version With Storyline and Anime Character+JPRG Always have good and rich storyline+soft animation is good for me+Monster Hunter Pc series like Toukiden :)-Hard keyboard control, i think better use controller-Hard find multiplayer game, i think better hypnotize your friend to buy and play together, because many people love free game not pay game (of course i love free game too)-i think no one can defeat Monster Hunter Series, Toukiden and God Eater have same style but really need more to go up with Monster Hunter, example: Area, Variation Monster, Weapon And Armor, Pet i think (love cat pet in monster hunter)overall 85/100"
76561198056681239,Recommended,438490,25239908,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,FurthestBen,"Pros (Currently that I've found):Game runs very smooth at 60fpsGameplay is fun and rewardingMultiplayer is a blastNot many connection issuesGot all the DLCCons (Currently that I've found):English Dub isn't amazing and they overdramtise everything.No English SubbedNot many PC graphics optionsFor me it's a fun game but the english dub just kills the story for me and I can't really care for some characters because of it. So yeah, fun gameplay but the story is dead to me.I'll still recommend it though because even though the english dub might kill the story for you at least you got some pretty fun gameplay."
,Recommended,438490,32055022,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Scoop,"Dodge the Aragami all you want, but when you get far enough in; you'll never dodge the feels.8.5/10"
76561198144083692,Recommended,438490,25307322,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DarkSephiroth85,"Aside some disconnections problems that should be patched,the game runs smooth 60 fps.A nice port,the game is very nice and it got improvements from its psp version.Highly reccomend this one to anyone that likes games like Monster Hunter.9/10"
,Recommended,438490,30227024,Posted: 27 February,all,Grayther Crake,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst delivers on everything I had hoped for.It is, similar to the first game, a kind of fast-paced battle-oriented Monster Hunter, with a futuristic post-apocalyptic setting and an actual story and characters. Sure, the latter two might not be oscar-worthy, but I prefer this to no story at all.The fights against the huge beasts are fun and due to the now increased number of enemies and number of weapon types they stay fun for a long time. There is a huge variety in attacks, especially if you switch between different weapons and guns from time to time, and if you consider the blood arts that are now thrown into the mix.Another plus is the great soundtrack and the diverse character-creator.A negative point that should be mentioned is the low number of maps, all of which are small in scale compared to Monster Hunter. However, this means there are no in-mission loading screens and since the game is oriented towards the battle instead of the hunt, it does not really bother me.Overall, this is a must play for fans of the first game and (since the first game is part of this package) should be considered by everyone who likes the Monster-Hunter games or games in that style."
,Recommended,438490,25254882,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ryofu Housen,"Now this is I would say a good Port of MH like game :)Shame on you Koei with Toukiden!About the game : It's like MH but with more waifus and skimpy outfits, what's not to love for... good optimized performance, keyboard and mouse support that actually works!I really really hope they will include JP voices in future... EN voices isn't bad (I've heard worse) but I prefer JP Voices for Anime style game...(I'm still playing GE:Ressurection so my play time wouldn't go up for awhile)"
,Recommended,438490,25418291,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Velka,"This may go far above my expectations...God Eater 2: Rage Burst is finally here on PC! Wow! Can I finally stop masturbating to Monster Hunter footage and pretend the series will get a normal PC port?Maybe, but we're going to forget about that and talk about God Eater 2.Note: I haven't played God Eater 1.GameplayGod Eater 2 is, at its core, a hack-and-slash game. Given the magical power of the God Arcs, transforming weapons with monsters shoved into it, the player is given a wide variety of guns and melee weapons to decimate the foes they face. From sniper rifles to shotguns, and scythes to greatswords, God Eater 2 gives the player a whole lot of options that make you sit there for minutes on end, wondering how stupid your God Arc can get before it starts getting dragged around awkwardly. It's all good fun, and it's even funner to see your weapon in action.The hack-and-slash mechanic is fairly well done. Combos, upgrades, and player-decided complexity allows you to have a wonderful time and every hit feels fairly responsive. That being said, it gets pretty boring when most of the game boils down to, ""kill monster, grab items, progress story sometimes."" But it's still a valid time waster, at the least.StoryUsually I don't play these games for story; I have the attention span of a Weeaboo playing the next Love Live! game and trying to pick a waifu that isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ My interest went even further down when I heard the voice acting for this game. It's pretty awful, and from my knowledge you can't swap to the original japanese dub (Please inform me if you know otherwise). That being said, the story is...meh. It's ok to be honest. After skipping through most of the cutscenes in the beginning, I decided to actually start paying attention and I found myself pleasantly surprised. It's an alright story. Nothing special, you won't feel the heartbreaking tenseness or surprise for most of the story mode, but it's certainly bearable. You can definitely get into it, and I wouldn't blame you.GraphicsY'know if you could ever describe a game as, ""Xbox 360 graphics"", this game would be it. That being said, I understand it's a 2013 game but it really, really doesn't look that good in comparison to other hack-and-slash games. While it can have some flashy moments at times, this isn't what you'd call a beautiful game.OverallI mean, if you're into this God Eater stuff you probably won't even be reading this review, you'd have already bought this game or something and are probably waiting for me to insult it or something.I enjoyed it, and I wasn't really into God Eater or Monster Hunter. Or whatever game you could compare this to. With solid gameplay mechanics, forgiving but somewhat-challenging difficulty, and a well-knit story to boot, it's hard to really put God Eater 2 down for much besides it's reptitiveness.Maaaaaayyyyyyybbbeeee you should wait for a price lowering though. 49 bucks? C'mon guys, I already went bankrupt with that Ciel figure.You know the one. ( ͡°◡ ͡°)"
,Recommended,438490,25435726,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nagisa Shiota,Love it Wish More could appreciate this gameBut Hopefully Bandai Fixes The Issues on this game like-Sudden No music on battles-Voices Volume are really low like literally even on max....-Eng Dub Not everyone fits on those voices (Hopefully and jp dlc dub or mod )-And lastly the multiplayer option is kinda tedious thing to do like every time exit to change regionjust to play with others. (Make it open to all )Pros-Fluid Gameplay And the controls are Great-Bewbs Physics
,Recommended,438490,26409836,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Enphilia,Killing big and small monster with an oversized gunblade and shield that can turn into a monster mouth to bite the monster with a custom character you make that actually spoke. Pretty cool!
,Recommended,438490,25296275,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Post-Modernist Cultural Marxism,"I pretty much love this game. I can't stop playing it. Campaign/story took me around 37 hours to complete (there is a ♥♥♥♥ load of content after the story and campaign as well). Nearly all of the criticisms I've seen are incredibly petty. If you like Monster Hunting games then you'll love this game, but even if you're just looking to play through a decent story and rpg, you'll enjoy it and it is worth a purchase.I definitely recommend purchasing this game."
,Recommended,438490,25259355,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vershetes,Need japanese voice </3Nice Port60hz1080p at 60fps
,Recommended,438490,30435781,Posted: 10 March,all,SotiCoto,"Warning : God Eater Resurrection is the 3rd incarnation of the 1st game, while God Eater 2 Rage Burst is the 2nd incarnation of the 2nd game.  Rage Burst was made BEFORE resurrection, but is set AFTER it chronologically.So far as I'm concerned, Resurrection is the better game. Which is to say there are far fewer restrictions on bullet crafting.  Rage Burst adds some fancy new powers (but doesn't have the special devour systems) but also a load of restrictions on how you can use those powers that really makes ranged attacks far more limited.Kinda getting off the point.They play like ripoff Monster Hunter.  And since the charming ar5eholes at Capcom aren't seeing fit to grace us PC gamers with real Monster Hunter games (besides maybe online if we ever get that in the west), this is the best alternative we have.Both Resurrection and Rage Burst are fun games... but just don't expect them to have the real character of Monster Hunter games. They're simpler and somewhat less engaging... but have jiggle-physics. The jiggling is always nice."
,Recommended,438490,28984018,Posted: 3 January,all,Persesemi,I first played this game back in the PSP lan party days. Going back to Fenrir was so nostalgic.But i had to mute the music during my stay in the Far East Branch. Music loop was horrible.So glad to get back to Friar cuase I can finally listen some ingame music. Steel fortress ost is lit as f.This game is fun to play with your god eater friends.
,Recommended,438490,25843932,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,CHENG XIAO IS BEST GIRL,"2 games in 1, who wouldn't love that?By far, this is one of the best games i've ever played. With or without friends. It's GEB and GE2RB with all the DLCsexcept for the collab content back in GEB where you get to fight the Type 2 Deusphages, and the Soul Calibur/Soul Edge swords that you can craft from them. I miss the lavaetinn set ;_;. But nevertheless, it's a great game. Similar yet completely different from monster hunter, fast-paced and combo heavy. Playing with the controller is an absolute must for me since keyboard controls feel a bit awkward.The nostalgia from GER hit me like a truck. I feel complete, and I have achieved t r a n q u i l i t y9/10 since some people in online mode disconnect abruptly, and it ruins the momentum."
,Recommended,438490,25249855,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,R.Terror,"godly 60fps and great portBUT WHY NO JAPAN-nvm found the mod 10/10 would recommend.And yes, i am a weeb"
76561198133076867,Recommended,438490,33471370,Posted: 11 July,all,Kurenace,Overall the story for both GER and GE2RB are worth it because of just how amazing the character development is established. Gameplay is super fun too with the unique mechanics in both games. Would recommend.
,Recommended,438490,27508255,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Knightwraith,"If you like monster hunting game + good story god eater series is your cup of tea.You get 2 games for the price of one,each takes around 200+hours to finish.Loved it.thanks steam for bringing this to pc."
76561198054810140,Recommended,438490,25277170,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LazyGamer,"I've only played God Eater 2 Rage Burst for a little bit, but I'll go straight into God Eater Resurrection first since I have played the original God Eater Burst on the PSP.First off, God Eater Resurrection is a remaster of God Eater Burst released on the PSP back in 2010. It's build from the God Eater 2 engine and that's why both games look similar. I just have to say that God Eater Resurrection actually plays better than God Eater 2 Rage Burst. The combat animations are more fluid and the cutscenes are a bit better since everyone has better facial expressions and lip-syncing. I immediately recognized the ported animations from God Eater Burst and it was less cringy to say the least.I was actually impressed that physics in the cutscenes are applied on the characters. Boob physics are always a plus in these type of games. I'm a bit disappointed that those same physics doesn't apply to player character for both games. Everyone is so dynamic during cutscenes and your character is as stiff as a cardboard.What grabbed my attention the most are the Support bonding sessions that occur randomly after each mission in God Eater Resurrection. The original game back on the PSP had less than memorable characters, but I actually was giddy with joy when generic NPCs like Annette and Federico talked to you like you're their senpai or something. I even caught the MC responding to certain character's ending mission lines. I'm just glad that I got to play this game on the PC because the community will more or less be always on it."
,Recommended,438490,25934689,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tasty Cereal,"It's a good pc port, and it runs at 60 fps.It may show few hours because I am playing the game that comes with it, GOD EATER RESURRECTION, firstIf you play Monster Hunter, Tera, or Freedom Wars, you'll love it!"
76561198081776364,Recommended,438490,25381605,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MeatyBor,"Have you played Monster Hunter and thought to yourself ""Hey, I like this game but I wish it was more angsty, faster paced and had more fan service.""? Well boy do I have a game for you! Feel like a god (eater) and decimate monsters that make you think ""wtf?"". Who needs sharks with lasers when they have cannons!? Pick a female character and dress them up so that you can NEVER show this to your friends and family! 7.5/8.4 would recommend."
,Recommended,438490,25353701,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"Game(s) is a Monster Hunter like, its a fairly enjoyable though highly repeditive go kill monsters to craft better gear to fight bigger monsters rinse repeat where each monster has its own weak points and point pointless to attack unless you break its armor. The UI, skill system, and what your doing in the game very much gives a MH feel.I really only have one complaint with the controls and I wouldn't have noticed it if it didn't come with both GE2:RB and GE:R because in GE:E the controls work perfectly fine. In GE:R RB+Y (on controller since this is a genre that plays better with controller) does a quick devour move any and every time you press it, while in GE2:RB the RB+Y only registers if you are coming out of an attack, if you don't attack first it treats is like your just pressing y... not sure if that is a bug or if that was a design change from 1 to 2 since I never played the Vita/PS versions, but it makes one game feel responsive to the controls while it makes the other one feel like its not taking the inputs.EDIT: After looking into it a bit it is a design decision and not a bug, apparently GE2s standalone expansion Rage Burst had been released in Japan before GE1s standalone expansion Ressurection, and so Ressurection did have the convience added into it while RB was prior to that control update. With that said I would like to say that they should think about making it control the same for both since it wouldn't be like adding manuels in THPS1 where the game is designed around them not being there, it would litteritly just make the controls feel more fluid and save you 2-10 seconds of waisted animations per  mission, it wouldn't upset game balance at all.With that said, I would still play them in order GER then GE2RB even though they released out of order in Japan and 2 feels clunkier then 1 due to that one small issue, 2 also has a lot of convience and mechanic changes that 1 doesn't plus playing the story in order would make more sense even though playing the start of both I don't feel like it matters that much as to order of the story.Either way good games, where my only minor gripe is a control issue that the GE1 feels better then GE2 because they made it better when they updated 1 after they had already updated 2. I can say that it probably wouldn't even feel clunky if I hadn't started GER first... kind of like how Persona 3 and 4 are both great games but if you play P4 before P3 you will hate it because of all the convience fixed they made between 3 and 4 that makes P3 feel worse if you play something better first... play them in order and both are great, play them out of order and the older one feels worse, only difference is GER was released after GE2RB but story wise happens before."
,Recommended,438490,25367254,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,applecar,Waited years for this ;_;It's finally here...I had over 80 hours on it when I had it on PSP
,Recommended,438490,33466769,Posted: 11 July,all,Goodguy3,"Get this but play God Eater Resurrection, the more recent remake of the first game in the series, which is only available bundled with this game for some unfathomable reason. Resurrection adds a mechanic called ""predator styles"" which makes it much more fun to play than Rage Burst."
,Recommended,438490,29367423,Posted: 19 January,all,Boob,"If you have ever played any of the Monster Hunter games you will fell right at home. The combat is faster and theres less gear grinding with an anime flare. The only downside to the game would be that the online community is pretty desolate and the ingame chat system has a word limit, making it hard to convey messages to other teammates if you do play online. All in all, its a great game for the price, as its bundled with the first and the second one."
,Recommended,438490,33471369,Posted: 11 July,all,William W,"A nice game for those who love Monster Hunter and Anime. However, it's quite disappointing that there is no japanese voice patch. It will be great to have subtitles as well."
,Recommended,438490,25244226,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vandre,"Monster Hunter Genre game. Silly outfits. Big weapons. Except those weapons transform into cannons, shields, swords, spears, on the fly.One of the main draws to the game is a super extensive ranged weapon bullet crafting system. You take a bullet and then go wild, changing vectors, timing effect changes, adding decorative effect that then turn into mega-nuclear orbital beams, etc. The system is highly robust, allowing players to be stylish, effective, or both.The Blood Art system is the main difference from the 1st game, Resurrection. Instead of 1198273 ways to chomp a monster, you can level up your moves from any of your available weapons and super-power one of thier movesets with flashy as hell abilities. As you go, your Arts get VERY anime. BUT, the Melee game feels a touch more in-depth.+Anime+Emphasis on ""storyline""+Hours of bullet crafting. (literally gun wizards in here)+Resurrection Predator System replaced with a much more in-depth Blood Art system+Customization-Anime (might be too much for some, the series lays it on very very thick)-No Dual Audio (weebs gotta have moonspeak)-Grinding filler missions/Repeats for crafting parts.-Hunting zones are a bit smaller compared to MH's multi room zones-Feels a bit more ""forgiving"" than MH at times."
76561198207533100,Recommended,438490,25243752,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,サム Samu,"Solid port, with great gameplay. Can't wait to play with my friends!"
,Recommended,438490,25359626,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Beatrix Brehme,"It's like monster hunter, but with guns."
,Recommended,438490,25346602,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[KFC]Danil BiriBiri,"Good game, fast pace, the port is nice and the story is very interesting.plus free ressurection so why not."
,Recommended,438490,25248287,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KusouTeitoku,"GE2 RB comes along with GE Resurrection, so in actuality, you're getting two games for the price of $50 on launch, so the price alone is pretty decent. People already seem to have the plot covered, so I'll be focusing on the port aspect here.Be warned that as of August 30th, 2016 some people are having trouble starting the game. As with all cases like this, write an email to Bandai-Namco(Banco) and let them know. I'm sure it'll be patched soon.As ports of a game go, this is defeinitely one of the better ones. Although yes, the game is capped to 60fps, I'm sure the modding community will uncap that eventually for you fps junkies. The game obviously has controller support since the original games had a release on the PS4 as well as the PSVita(it's not dead in Japan, folks) but keyboard+mouse functionality seems to work fine as well, enough that you could forgo unplugging your PS4 controller and unplugging the console's power to use the DS4 as one. As far as I know, the game does not have Dual Shock 4 support, so if you were to do that, you'd have to hide your DS4 as an Xbox controller. Options for graphical changes and such aren't going to give you a full range of options, and are simply dropdown menus. No sliders.Speaking of graphics, the game itself looks fine. At some points, it kinda looks upscaley, but for the most part, it looks like a port of the PS4 versions rather than the Vita versions. And that's a big point. I mentioned it earlier in this review, but I'm going to say it again here.God Eater Resurrection and God Eater 2: Rage Burst were initially released in Japan on Playstation 4 andPlaystation Vita. Graphics, especially those of RB, were designed keeping in mind that the game would also be played on a handheld and so didn't take much advantage of the PS4's capabilites. Resurrection did a better job of that, but most of Resurrection is running on the same animation rigs as it did when it was called Gods Eater Burst and released on PSP 5 years ago (if you're wondering about the ""s"" in Gods, blame moral guardians) so until you reach the Resurrection storyline (mission difficulties 11-14) animations and facial expressions will look nice, but be animated like a PSP game.As for the localization, it's much better than the one we got 5 years ago (particularly in the name change department), however it's important to note that as of this writing, the game is English dub only. If dubs turn you off because the original Japanese voices are that much superior, I'd say give it a chance, it'll grow on ya. Resurrection uses most of the same cast that it did 5 years ago, with the changes that Johannes went from Crispin Freeman to Patrick Seitz and Paylor went from Fritz Bonner to Spike Spencer(PICK UP THE GOD ARC, SHINJI). As for Rage Burst, it seems a lot of the Funimation VAs circa 2008 are back in it, with Travis Willingham decking Todd Haberkorn across a room within 10 seconds of the former's on screen appearance (Guess he didn't like beansprouts). Personally, I think the VAs did a good job of it in both games, and that's coming from someone who modded their copy of GE Burst for Japanese cutscenes for most of it(while the Resurrection dub's good/decent now, a lot of the cast back then was a bit lacking).All in all, for the fact you're getting two games for 10 bucks less than the price of a full-price game, I'd say it's a pretty decent deal, since the games themselves aren't horribly broken in any aspect. If you absolutely can't handle English dubs, give it a few months and someone'll probably have modded JP voices in. I'd give these two games a solid 8 out of 10, since there were some day one problems, and even if I do say the English dub is fine, options would've been nice too.TL;DR Game is fine, port is Neptunia Rebirth levels of quality except with working keyboard controls, English Dub only."
,Recommended,438490,25547924,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,LunaRadeon,A stable 60 Fps with Mouse support and A good Multiplayer Experience
,Recommended,438490,25930319,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NeoLux,"Great game moving from PSV to PC, but I really hope that steam consider also inporting the Japanese version of the UI and character voice into the game, since this will give the players the most original taste of the game."
76561198318841435,Recommended,438490,25422836,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Diamond³,"Needs Jap Voicing like 'SERIOUSLY"" i cant take the english voicing serious, kinda poorly matched"
,Recommended,438490,28762477,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Duck,"As we know GE is monster-hunting game just like Monster Hunter. Personally i haven't played Monster Hunter so i didn't know which one is more interesting but i think either has it's plus and minus.I have only played GE2RB for about 6 hours lately but i played GER for about 60 hours already (haven't finished it). So far i found this game is interesting but somehow it kinda felt boring (i mean the GER not GE2RB). The gameplay is really look alike to Dynasty Warrior, but it's only the combat system and the maps.NOTE: YOU GOD EATER RESURRECTION FOR FREE WHEN YOU BUY GOD EATER 2 RAGE BURST.GOD EATER RESURRECTION1st of all let's start with GER, first time i found that GER was awesome (since usually i play Final Fantasy ATB style), the BGMs also create such a great monster-hunting atmosphere (i liked it) but i don't like the idea that the music only triggered when we are facing the aragamis, like there aren't any music when we didn't face aragami. I found that it made the game felt boring when we didn't face the aragami. Beside that GE had so many weapon that can be crafted and of course it requires materials and sometimes it's so hard to get those materialsi have wasted over than 3 hour just to look for the materials and ended up didn't get it. Also, you can make your own custom bullet, it's cool andit could waste many of your times (in my opinion).PRO+ Good Story, but sadly the setting isn't supporting the story.+ Many kinds of weapon, divided into 6 type of weapon, while ranged weapon divide into 3 type. Also can be upgraded so many times, depends on what lvl you made your weapon.+ Great Character design and make your own character, have many haircut, many faces, and voice but not all of it is great.CONS- No Japanese dub, English sub (could be a problem for some people)- Battle music only played when facing a monster- The worlds is very limited, only small ammount will be used for the battle.- Battle is as bit too stiffEdit #1Felt sometimes is way too hard to obtain material in dificulty 8 or higher. I killed same monster more than 10 times but i still didn't get the material i want. I don't think we had another goal besides the story since we could play GE2RB which far more interesting than GER.GOD EATER 2 RAGE BURSTOkay, Let's continue with reviewing God Eater 2 Rage Burst. 1st of all let me tell you my opinion so far, i thought that this is not going to be much different with GER, but i guess it's wrong, why ?Let me explain, basically combat system is almost same with GER, but they add several new awesome featurewhich known as Blood Art, Link support, Blood Bullet. Of course there are more new feature like character episodes which worked likePERSONA BONDthe difference is in GE2RB the character obtain some ability, personally i thought that this is great idea since in GER we have to use AP to unlock most of the ability.Let me give you short detail of GE2RB in comparison with GERPRO+ Includes almost every feature in GER+ Better interface, feels better than in GER and more colorful+ Several new maps+ Cool combos effect if Blood Arts is equipped+ Better camera control (i played with mouse)+ Many new feature like blood arts, new upgrade weapon system, Blood Arts, Blood Rage, Support skill, etcCONS- Need to hell a lot of times, takes a really long time just to complete the main story, even if you skip the hard mission any special mission.- Battle is a bit too stiff same as GER, also you take hell huge damage just by touched by the monster sometimes, more like often.- Sometimes music won't play in battle, so it's like you battle without music- Hard to upgrade your equipment. For example in difficulty 4 you can get rank 4 weapon, but many rank 1, rank 2, rank 3 weapon can't be upgraded. On top of that sometimes the material cannot be found in current difficulty.- Battle seems kinda boring for me, no new combos only blood arts would change the combos- Multiplayer game is not doing well, like suddenly crash in the end or in the middle of your mission while that mission is actually so hard to complete, wasted so many time just for that.- If you ever try to play with your friend in another country and they are so far away try to change your download region in steam setting so you can play with them.- They don't provide in game mic so we probably have to use steam voice chat to talk with our mate but i don't think that it's a problem."
76561198139810362,Recommended,438490,25317808,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Maou,"If you like fast paced combat and anime, then this game is for you.The port is really good and it comes with two games(not sure if this will change in the future)Pros:-Runs Smoothly-Fast Combat-Good Port-It has online play-Interesting Costumes-Its in English(English Dubbed)-Friends can join you in story modesCons:-Not Dual Audio(would be nice if we could switch between english and japanese)-Online Play Rooms( I haven't really looked into it that much but it appears its region based)Theirs a work around for it but it would have been nice if they had it mixed like Monster Hunter.-The hub is tiny-Badly Sync voices(not sure if its just mine though)Overall I would definitely get the game."
,Not Recommended,438490,33506476,Posted: 13 July,all,BadDecisionsAlex,"Despite having a very well  built machine I could barely get this game to run.It looks like a very sloppy port. It crashed on startup for ages, with a fresh install it finally managed to open but would crash in menus. After reading online I found that this is not an isolated incident. Fans of the game have needed to go in and modify the .ini files to get the game to run more smoothly. Even still when I was reading many said that the change from 30 to 60 fps in the port ruined the AI code leaving them essentially useless.The big of gameplay I did manage to get in was lackluster. A poorly animated version of monster hunter with awful looking maps.I love hunting games and had high hopes for this after reading a few reviews, but sadly in the roughly 2 hours that I managed to get it to run I was really disappointed. Play Monster Hunter instead folks."
,Recommended,438490,25304104,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Oblivion,"You can eat monsters with an almost sentient alive weapon while partying with waifus and husbandos10/10Also the port isnt as horrible as Toukiden,its actually playable and smooth"
,Recommended,438490,33181097,Posted: 3 July,all,YOLOshikuMLG薛甫,A face-paced monster hunter with interesting story.
,Not Recommended,438490,26575877,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,King Enoshima,"I have mixed feelings about these kinds of games. While the general idea of it is outstanding and fun, the game itself does get a little boring after awhile and is a snooze fest when it comes to getting better gear or upgrading it. That, however is a prime aspect of this game and since I don't really enjoy that much I can not say this game really appeals to me as I thought it would.I guess it's just hard to get into Vita ports. So, is it worth it? Maybe to you, not entirely for me (but still fun here and there) and my suggestion is to wait for a sale on this game.$50 for this is not bad, add in Resurrection and it isn't bad also however both games are very, very similar in terms of maybe the first hour or so.Just man. I wish I could've actually gotten this game.5/10"
,Recommended,438490,25241565,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KzD3ath,"A good port comes, a great minimum reqTestedCore I3-2350mRam 4gbIntel HD 3000everything set low and resolution 1366 x 768, you can set normal but it's shutteredit:when you start the real mission the (everything low and 720p)fps min: 20fps max: 35fps avg: 27still playable for mewhen in training and den (everything low and 720p)fps around 50-55"
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,438490,32212626,Posted: 5 June,all,MoonLite,"I really want to like this game/port, I really do and from my hours played you can tell that I do see something in this game.TL;DR: Game is like a Monster Hunter Lite but you are better off getting Monster Hunter.First, God Eater is more like an action rpg that borrows Monster Hunter elements rather than a Monster Hunter clone. Unlike MH, GE focuses more on story development that progressed through hunting missions in which you can take along up to 3 AI helpers and or online friends.The fun aspect of Monster Hunter you can expect:1/ Gear Grind/Gear Upgrade, with considerable streamlining to be less grindy than monster hunter.2/ Challenging Giant Monsters3/ Melee combat that requires both skill and precision to master.Differences from Monster Hunter1/ Fight more than than 2 giant monsters at the same time.2/ Integrated Melee + Range Combat3/ Range Combat Bullet customization (critique below)4/ You don't have to run for 5 minutes chasing a monsterThis package comes with two games, God Eater Resurrection, remake of the first game + expansion, and God Eater 2 Rage Burst, the 2nd + expansion. GE:R is like a solid 6 to a low 7 game vs GE2:RB which is a solid 5 game despite how GE2 has some solid improvements over the original game.Story:GE:R has a plot and lore but the game never delves into it well enough aside from asking the player to read paragraphs of text which is a shame because the lore of God Eater is competently deep and elaborate on the recurring post apocalypse theme and science gone wrong. GE2:RB rectify this by having more focus on the story with increased number of cutscenes, though not very good, as well as character interaction and character specific missions to immerse the player.The character of GE tends to follow typical anime archetypes but does it competently sometimes well with some hit or misses but overall the story can be very sappy with the ""friendship conquers all"" motif.Animation:No lie, it is pretty bad. Despite porting to the PC version, the graphics didn't improve at all over the PSP version and since there hasn't been mods to put in sweetfx to the game, this is likely not going to change. The in game cutscenes uses the game engine instead of the highly stylized anime artwork cinematic that is the in the intro and credits suggesting a low budget development. Furthermore a majority, 2/3, of these cutscenes are talking heads with little dynamic interactions thus making a pretty stale experience.Combat + Game mechanics:Lumped these two together because they god hand in hand and greatly impact your enjoyment of this game. Combat has got to be the strongest aspect of God Eater. Despite the vast amount of reskinned enemies in the game, generally they require you to adopt different strategy especially when you have to fight muliple of them at once in more close quarters combat than Monster Hunter thus requiring reflex, skill, precision to win the day.Even though the combat is good enough to draw me to the game for so long, other than needing a monster hunter fix, I have glaring issues with it. First the game lie to you, God Eater isn't suppose to be a fast paced game even though it will deceive you into thinking that way. The combat is actually rhythm based with each attack carrying a specific time value which is internally calculated vs the monster script. Going off the script means you'll get hit, HARD, since it really only takes 2-3 swipes of these big monsters to kill you. While this script based rhythm combat is fine if the player feedback mechanism is good, sadly in this game it is really poor because if you do something wrong the AI will momentarily become super saiyan and smack you before you can respond, especially noticeable with the buster blades. Or maybe it is just the PC version because I didn't notice this problem when playing the original PSP version.It wouldn't be a problem if the player is allowed to adequately gear for these missions before hand but the game actively prevents you from doing so, rather forcefully. This problem is especially bad in GE2:RB because much of the fun upgrade and gear progression were thrown out of the window. 80% deep into the game and I only upgraded my weapon twice. GE2:RB try to rectify this by providing players with different, distinct, and somewhat strong weapons early to allow you to go through most of the game without grinding but this only adds to how dull playing cana be when you been killing monsters 6 hours into the game with nothing to show for it.Overall gameplay nitpick:Compare to GE:R, GE2:RB also has a worse UI because it crams all the distinct upgrades, gear, into one location making it even harder to manage. The bullet system was also greatly change from the original God Eater. Whereas in the original PSP version, in which bullet design seemed truly free and allowed for almost limitless creativity, God Eater Resurrection cuts this down to 6 modules and GE2:RB cuts this down even further depending on the gun. Furthermore the game cut out intersectional bullet module uses and limits the possible usage of certain models to certain slot thus grossly undermining the original creative possibility of this system. While it does make the certain type of guns distinct, this also make it difficult to deal with a variety of tough and annoying enemies.Conclusion:This game is a very very very very very very ROUGH GEM but nevertheless it can be a gem. As of right now though, it could be passed off for a turd. I honestly say I cannot truly recommend this regardless of background unless for a really really steep discount which I happen to get this for. If you are going to play this, play the original GE:R and save the later for a trip through the plot.Edit: This game is 100x more customizable than Monster Hunter, that pro must have slipped my mind."
,Recommended,438490,25271954,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sleepy Sheepy,"Monster hunter with waifus, that if I had any friends I could play with? take my money, life, virginity, dog, you can have it all, But bless whoever made this game for pc, and guess what my apostles, THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ACTUALLY WORKS 60 FRAMES BABBBYYYYYY.10/10 Actually worked on day 1 AND STILL WORKS!"
,Recommended,438490,26579982,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Timmy B,"Senpais, almost cat-girls, Ciel's facial expressions, oh, and you get to smack giant monsters around with a big hammer. What's not to love? P.S. Ragna the Bloodedge."
,Recommended,438490,25389915,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Semaji95,"Oh no! I was doing so good in RESSURECTION until the game crashes on episode 5. Even after I reload and do the battle again, it crashes once more. So i don't know if this is a problem with the game or a minor bug, or maybe its my computer? So hopefully they release an update patch to fix this.Overall people this game is really good and  I will continue it when the game is fix, until then I guess I will move on to another game and not play part 2, cuz don't want to spoil it for my self.10?10 for both game still."
76561198241168418,Recommended,438490,33481830,Posted: 12 July,all,prezy99,/is a good game ....only thing i hate is how repetitive it gets with missions but other than that its good 8/10
76561198076296552,Recommended,438490,26635171,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,armadylo,"An excellent, excellent, excellent hunting-style action/realtime RPG.Set yourself and your teammates up with melee weapons, guns, shields and other gear, while leveling up Blood Arts, skills, and more! Has a battle system similar to PSO2 or Monster Hunter with a neat anime graphics style, if that's your thing. Average playthrough time for this game is probably around >100hrs. with the Rage Burst missions, and the online co-op mode is pretty fun too, if you can find people playing it!Also, yeah... this game is filled to the brim with husbandos. (*cough* Haruomi *cough)P.S. It *really* should be noted that this purchase also includes GOD EATER: Resurrection (its prequel) in its price/bundle, as well!"
,Recommended,438490,27493758,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Krogadox,A game that will keep you playing for hours grinding away for the best weapon.A game that will keep you enthralled with its story and characters.Both God eater 1 and 2 are amazing games that are worth playing if you want a game that will keep you busy for hours or enjoy a grindy game.If you think its all grind however fret not the game has a story that will keep you coming back and characters that will make you enjoy the experience all the more.
76561198055306623,Recommended,438490,25264276,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gekk,Runs good on garbage on pc 10/10
76561198081358277,Recommended,438490,25398040,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Guts,Just like monster hunter.. if your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of not being able to play a new monster hunter game for the PC then grab this one.. VERY fun game.. more fast paced that MH and the monsters are fricking cool and HUGE! We need more player online <333 Everyone give this game a try.. it wont fail you!
,Recommended,438490,25248595,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rawr 🌸,"I played the original God Eater Burst on the PSP and loved it. When I heard God Eater was getting a sequel on the PS Vita, I never thought the game would ever make it to the West... only to be proven wrong! And when I found out it was coming out on PC, I was especially elated!I did have my doubts though; Namco-Bandai's previous PC ports of some of their games, namely Dark Souls and Tales of Symphonia both launched with serious issues. I feared God Eater 2 and Ressurection might have met the same fate... Thankfully, this simply isn't the case with God Eater 2; this game is a SOLID port! It runs smoothly and looks great! The graphics are very crisp and the colors are very vibrant.HOWEVER, AND THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!!! If your computer is using an Nvidia Graphics Card, you will need to add this game to your Nvidia Control Panel's 3D Graphics settings list and make sure that the game's graphics are being powered by the Graphics Card and not the Integrated Graphics; when I first booted up the game, it ran at a framerate of 15FPS... Thankfully, once I added the game to the Nvidia Control Panel, the game runs at a normal 60FPS.As for gameplay, it's basically the same as the old God Eater for the PSP; combat is dynamic and quick, there's a ton of weapons customization and each weapon supports a different playstyle. However, if you're the kind of gamer that isn't a fan of games where you'll be doing a lot of grinding for materials to upgrade your gear, or if you're not crazy about the game's anime aesthetic, this isn't the game for you.However, if you're an old God Eater fan, or a fan of other games like this (Such as Monster Hunter or Warframe, even), a fan of anime or are just looking for something new, I recommend you give God Eater 2: Rage Burst a try! And hey, if you happen to like it, you also get God Eater: Resurrection, the HD Remake of God Eater Burst absolutely free! (That's another positive of this game too; you get two games for the price of one!)"
,Recommended,438490,26456651,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ren,"Played the first game on psp and never actually finished it myself.. because stuff happens.. BUT! now it's available on steam! and really,getting the God Eater 2 with the extra God Eater Resurrection for free is a really good deal if I do say so myself~ but enough of my random ramblings,on to the serious note..""Should you buy this game?"" Yes~ and for me,getting GE2 with the extra GE:R is more than enough reason to get this~""Is it really worth the price?"" to me, Yes~ (because really,you get 2 games in this >.>) and yes some would say that it's.. expensive and well.. it is,which is why I would recommend getting this game when it's on sale. that is if you want to wait~Side note: the game itself can hold pretty well,some say that once you finished the story then you're pretty much done..while that is true in a way,there's still a lot more to do~ such as the Extra Missions and Challange Missions,so if you wanted to play more even after you finished the story,you can~ and yes I know that I haven't played much of the GE2 itself,but I'm sure it's the same with the Extra Missions and Challanges that you can do after completing the story..and no,you actually unlocked all the Extra and Challange Missions (for GE:R anyway >.>) so you can do some of them,but most of the missions require the player to reach a certain story progression.. so really,finish the story first.Extra Note: GE2 has more Extras if you're up for the challange. (if I'm not mistaken..)and also if you can,get your friends to play this game as well so that you can have a party to clear the missions!*you can also add me if you're looking for someone to play with or join the group to look for some players to play with as well~Good Eating! :3"
76561198024118738,Recommended,438490,25394156,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Voodoo,"Lets me start by saying that denuvo is♥♥♥♥♥♥and instead of paying for its license companies should rather save money(cause drm arent free you know...) and count on quality of their product to sell it.But besides that part is port solid, works amazingly, no fps problems, crashed once in 62 hours i have on record, i have 0 problemns with keyboard controls, if i were to pick on something is menu mouse controls but its minor problem at best.Solid 50$ buy unlike koei tecmo ports..."
,Recommended,438490,35076703,Posted: 19 September,all,Jingleriot,"I almost didn't buy this game, but decided to give it a try since the entire franchise was on sale. I'm so glad I did! This game is amazing!! I generally play RPGs, and wasn't sure what to expect out of this game outside of your standard jrpg experience, but it delivered so much more than I ever thought it would've.Gameplay is pretty fun, but can easily get repetitive if you don't switch up your combat style here and there to keep it interesting. The crafting/skills/bullets can be a little overwhelming at first, but it's pretty easy to get used to as you go on.It very much is like monster hunter meets persona in my opinion.I'll start with my negatives and get them out of the way because I love this game more than I don't and want to just give an honest review.My main problems with this game are mostly personal wishes for it. I wish you could have actually had some sort of bond with the characters you interact with outside of the main story stuff. (thats a long winded way of saying i wanted to date gil but shhshshhh). The combat can get really boring and the maps get repetitive. It takes too long to run from one end of the map to another at times. I wish the skill system for your teammates was a little less messy and felt less like a chore. There were also some story elements that were never explored or explained and were sort of just... there.(for instance a weird implied sexual relationship between the director and Leah that is never acknowledged ever again past the one single weird cutscene but could have been a really cool way to show how she's manipulative or maybe she actually had feelings for someone idk but THEY NEVER DID ANYTHING WITH IT SO WE'LL NEVER KNOW)And the music cuts out when you're not in combat which kinda sucks when you're getting all hyped and then you have to chase down an aragami and it goes silent and then 30 seconds later the song starts over again from the start (but thats a small complaint really).There's character creation, which is always a favorite gaming staple of mine personally. Several sets of weapons and ways to wield them so you can pretty much play however you want to (wanna shoot junk?? awesome, you have a sword gun. Wanna be the ♥♥♥♥ing grim reaper?? Cool, here's a scythe). There's SO MUCH character customization. It's really misleading from the actual character creation screen, but there's a plethora of really great outfits to craft in the game to style yourself. (again, this is a huge bonus for me since I love the character customization.)The characters you interact with are pretty interesting and don't often fall flat. You can interact with them through character stories as well (sort of like persona's link feature minus the romance). The lore is intense and well thought out, as well as just plain interesting. I often spent time just reading through the entries on things in the game. I'll admit that the story didn't hit all the emotional beats as intensely as I expected, but in all fairness it was still a gripping story. Which by the way, that doesn't end when the main plot is over which is ANOTHER AWESOME feature. Once you finish the ""main story line"", they continue to give you main story quests, which I really appreciated since I felt like the ending wasn't... enough? It was a GREAT ending, don't get me wrong, but I felt like something was missing. I guess the creators felt that, as well, because they added in even more content.I was pretty quick to look this game over and not give it a chance, and I am glad I did end up buying it because it is easily one of my new top favorite games.In short, this game has great customization, great characters, an interesting story that kept me glued to the screen for 33 hours straight, and also did I mention a great soundtrack?I have WAY more positive feelings about this game than negatives, but figured I'd give a long winded and honest review. TRY THIS GAME. I also have a lot more stuff to say about little things I loved about this game but this is already pretty long winded. I PROMISE IF YOU LIKE RPGS OR JRPGS OR JUST WANNA TRY SOMETHING NEW it's worth it. So so worth it."
76561198052846286,Recommended,438490,25394682,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Twisted,"Just yes. This game got so many things rightmain thing they got right a good PC port!The combat is funthe chracters are interesting (for the most part)and the monsters (because I can't remember what the game calls them) are countless.The main issues I've found with the game is very story heavy (a scene after 1 or 2 missions or so)and apparently impossibly long in my 13 hours I've reached difficulty 3 and the side missions you can see from the start are difficulty 15!Another small thing that is both a blessing and a curse for the game, custom bullets: I know I've spent a good half an hour trying to make custom bullets that shred enemies, there are formulas out there for God tier bullets but making your own can be rewarding (though highly time consuming)I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who likes either story heavy games or straight combat games. If you like final fantasy or monster hunter this is worth a look."
76561198010124127,Recommended,438490,35129165,Posted: 22 September,all,Karmine518,"The game has a pretty slow start for the first several hours of gameplay; apart from a couple scattered bosses which force you to change strategies, the first several Difficulty levels are just rehashes of the same enemy fights over and over again. If you can get through the waves of rehashed timekiller quests with no actual relation to the story, there's some interesting and amusing moments in the storyline that make it worth the trip.Gameplay is pretty fluid and the assortment of weaponry is interesting, and the ability to customize bullets (if you have the patience for it) is really cool. Love the artwork, though it could've used a bit more polish on many enemy designs. Out of battle music is pretty dull and repetitive. In battle tracks, especially for bosses, are good when you can hear them over all the voice chatter.My recommendation would be to get this game on sale if you want an interesting co-op game to play with a friend (you'll need two copies/computers). Neither my girlfriend nor I have ever seen another online room/team to join besides our own on the server, so don't rely on jumping into a random internet game to play with others (unless I'm just dense and looking in the wrong place). I don't think I would bother finishing the game if I was playing it alone."
,Recommended,438490,35401698,Posted: 1 October,all,Tararabbit111279,"Imagine that the game, ""Monster Hunter,"" hooked up with a JRPG and had an illigitimate child; God Eater 2 would be that child.Combat is easy and gradually becomes boring and grindy. There is a deep crafting system. If that's your thing.Story wise, as an RPG, the game gets a 7/10.This isn't a terrible game, but this isn't an amazing game either, it's just kinda meh. Maybe worth checking out if it's on sale."
,Recommended,438490,25420175,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hammonsters,"It's like if monster hunter had waifus and they got rid of the part where you had to run around for 5 minutes to find the monster. The special edition is the only one available and I've played both so I'll review both of them if anyone is wondering if they should invest themselves in the first one. There's also no Japanese voice option for either of the games so you'll have to deal with it weaboo scum.God Eater Resurrection (or 1 remastered): fast gameplay that throws you right into the thick of things (right after tutorial of course), difficulty ramps midly fast for those unfamiliar to the ""hunter"" genre, controls are easy to learn, and a person isn't forced to repeat missions to get the optimal equipment. Resurrection inherits some of God Eater 2 's mechanics and quality of life improvements due to the fact that this was made at the same time as 2, but still maintains its story attributes nonetheless.Game suffers from a lack of maps and only a handful of Aragami exist, special ones mainly become recolors or redesigns with very similiar attack patterns. Difficulty ramp can be very punishing for those who don't optimize and missions that should take less than 10 minutes end up taking 15-25 minutes.God Eater 2 Rage Burst: Overall straight improvement from Resurrection (almost like they wanted this to be the better game). Game is a lot faster and ""hack-and-slashy"". Difficulty ramp is a lot more tame. There's a little more than twice the content as Resurrection (which is two games mind you). There's new and returning waifus and characters including character episodes for many individual ones where we explore back stories and really invest ourselves in each of the team members as compared to Res. There are also a couple new mechanics that I don't want to dive into but you should know that they are there. There are also more Aragami and varieties so that spices up gameplay for most players."
,Recommended,438490,25304517,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Achiel,"A quick note, this is a two part review.Since I have not playedGod Eater 2 Rage Burstyet, majority of this review is forGod Eater Resurrection, the first game that comes bundled with God Eater 2 Rage Burst. ...And for some reason we can't review God Eater Resurrection because it does not have it's own Steam Store PageGod Eater Resurrection ReviewAre you the kind of person that enjoys large monster hunting games? For example Monster Hunter? What God Eater Resurrection brings to the table is just this. A faster-paced monster hunting game. Though, comparatively as far as I've gotten so far. It's relatively easier and faster paced. However, if you are not careful, you can die quite quickly if you pay no attention to the telegraphs the Aragami, the game's monsters, make. It's quicker pace will require a little bit more of a quicker reflex. The same rules apply however. It also comes with a bit of a crafting system, creating weapons, managing item skills (kinda like Monster Hunter), and downing large beasts.Has many types of weapons to provide as well such as short swords, long swords, buster-type swords, hammers, spears, and scythes. In fact...#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""It's also a gun.""And a shield. So your weapon is very much a swiss-army knife of versatility. Depending how you customize it.The story itself takes place in a post apocalyptic world where monsters decide that it wants to eat everything, including bits of the world itself. You're a newly introduced rookie in a squad of many to protect your current branch area.If this is to your liking, I would suggest grabbing the game. If you're wondering how to get God Eater Resurrection alone. It is currently impossible. HOWEVER! Purchasing God Eater 2 Rage Burst gets God Eater Resurrection for free. So a 2-in-1 game pack. Keep that in mind, despite the price tag. Also, it's a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing port. Runs 60 FPS in a very stable manner....An actual God Eater 2 Rage Burst review will come around once I finish God Eater Resurrection.Eventually..."
,Recommended,438490,25390803,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,M I R A G E,Best action game.
,Recommended,438490,25368790,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Savedgy,Fun game. If you buy the game you get the full prequel + extras for free.
,Recommended,438490,28969193,Posted: 3 January,all,Yanagi,"I was a very organized guy.""WAS""Until I've started sleeping at 5AM and wake up at 3PM almost everyday because of this game.I don't regret it."
,Recommended,438490,26797641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,G E N M,BEST GAME FOR STEAM AWARD! BESTO WAIFU NANA! NUFF SAID! GOTY!
,Recommended,438490,25315807,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Invocatus,IF you wanted a more fast paced monster hunter like game get it
,Recommended,438490,33463237,Posted: 11 July,all,devlkore,"Quick review since this is on sale.Short version: I recommend this game.Longer version:I've only actually played God Eater Resurrection (included with God Eater 2) and I still haven't beaten it or ever attempted the multiplayer. My play time in Resurrection is around 30 hours. I wanted a game with big monsters to fight with cool weapons. It satisfies that urge.Pros:Big weapons.Bigger monsters.Customisation.Story is actually kind of interesting so far.Anime art style.Lots of depth with damage types and bullet customisation.Loads of items, weapons, clothes to collect.Works fairly well on potato PCs.Cons:Gamepad controls are kinda janky (serviceable after some remapping, but not ideal).Actual combat system is very simple (donotexpect Bayonetta-tier combat).A lot of the dialogue is straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Conclusion:If you want a nice game to fight big monsters, this may be right for you. If you like the anime aesthetic and don't expect the story to blow your mind, you will likely enjoy the overall presentation. The gameplay has loads of systems, I'd possibly even say too many, but the counterpoint to that is you can often ignore the peripheral game systems and just focus on whatever you understand or can be bothered with. Overall, I like the game and would recommend it with the mentioned caveats."
,Recommended,438490,25522465,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Goat,good
,Recommended,438490,25359296,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sunohara,"This is pretty much the closest thing the pc (or any other console not nintendo) has as a monster hunter-type game.you hunt big monsters they call ""Aragami"", loot their corpse, and make better gear from said corpse.One thing that seperates this from monster hunter though is that this game has a story, plot, and likeable characters... for the most part. (looking at you old man general guy who clearly looks like the bad guy)Oh, almost forgot the most important part of this game. Waifus, Waifus all around.Ciel best girl / 10"
,Recommended,438490,25359745,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SovietSenpai,"Addicted during my highschool and first 2 years of college from the GEBurst (PSP). Now, with its release, we revisited many different maps, plus new ones, and other returning characters, especially ALISA!!! Overall the gameplay is great 11/10.You guys will not be disappointed in this game ^.^"
76561198285643563,Recommended,438490,33078804,Posted: 1 July,all,Frank Kuz,10/10 very nostalgic brings back good memories
,Recommended,438490,28922215,Posted: 1 January,all,Velvet Crowe,Really love it.Pros:- Amazing Graphic- Good storyline- Amazing characters- Cool character creation- Most of weapon look like a badass :3Cons:- Multiplayer nowhere to be seen :/ (dont see any player in lobby)
76561198106725267,Recommended,438490,28953918,Posted: 2 January,all,イスピクス,"Well after finally finishing the main story that took me 100+hrs I can safely say you can buy this game. Alot of aragami to kill. Plenty of physics through the whole game. Great coop fun if you find people to play with. My only gripe about the game  is that I wish multiplayer was not region based only, hopefully one day they fix that but besides that go buy the game or wait for it to go on sale. BTW I am not finished I still got all the hard missions and special missions to do so yeah wish me luck."
76561198235361072,Recommended,438490,25880695,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PhantomHeaven,worth the money and if you love anime and badass soundtracks this is the game for you
,Recommended,438490,28994858,Posted: 3 January,all,Zai,"grinding and crafting material why not? for those who seek some games like monster hunter, you should play this game!"
,Recommended,438490,25307263,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,"It is kinda of like monster hunter, but with an anime art style, and imo more enjoyable. I love that there is more of a story focus as well."
76561198097495228,Recommended,438490,30145033,Posted: 24 February,all,NoRedBlood,"My first time playing a hunting hack and slash and I loved it. Heard its similar to MonHun games but I've never tried them, but I can say that this is a very good game.Pros:Good song,Awesome gameplay, lets you fight huge aragamis, what else do you need?They say if you like monhun, you'd like this.Bullet Customization,Big♥♥♥♥♥swords,Dames everywhere,Cons:Lame and cringe story for the first 70% of the game(Resurrection has much better story)"
,Recommended,438490,30155976,Posted: 24 February,all,dawdlingknight,"I was given the game by a close friend. It is a more story driven Monster Hunter, but with more story it lacks in depth for example the armor is just aesthetic meaning it provides no buffs. Overall if you enjoy Monster Hunter and enjoy anime style story this game is definitely a must play. (Warning: I recommend a controller)"
,Recommended,438490,25263666,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rhap,gOD doesn't real
76561198242723306,Recommended,438490,25287507,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,YoloStudios,I'm having a lot of fun so far with the game :) the only problem i have had so far is that the audio is not synced with the cutscenes
,Recommended,438490,25245069,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vanadis,"I'm a fan of the God Eater franchise. I've played the game on the PSP before, and was very excited when they announced that they would make a PC version of the game.The game is similar to the Monster Hunter series, and is very user friendly, although it takes practice to become adept at using the shield on your God Arc. Many costumes to choose from (if thats what you're looking for), and cool weapons, either in god mode, sword mode, or your shield (buckler).One thing I'm not satisfied about is the no Japanese Audio, we only get full audio in English. Truthfully I was hoping for a full audio in Japanese, but I trust the community will somehow get a mod to use the full audio in Japanese. xDI'm using a cheap $5 controller to play the game, cuz I don't see the need to invest in a better controller cuz this one works just fine in steam games, but if you ever find a problem with your controller or need to remap it, just use the ""x360ce"" and you'll be just fine.I bought the limited edition of the game that comes with costumes, but either way, even if you don't buy the limited edition it doesnt effect gameplay whatsoever. I'd recommend this game to my friends of course, because then we can hunt together, and you really need to hunt to upgrade your weapons.."
,Recommended,438490,26641431,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheMeatBunGod,"Great game(s).The story was quite enjoyable, gathering materials to create new equipment is not that bad due to the fact that you can trade in tickets after getting the item the first time, and unlike Monster Hunter it is much more fast-paced; you can finish missions in under 3mins.There are some glitches though such as online multiplayer being buggy mess; from infinite load screens and constant disconnects and region locked multiplayer can turn people down who are looking to play online."
,Recommended,438490,25261843,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Slyfox,"So this is more for Resurrection than Rage Burst but it doesnt have a store page of it's own so ♥♥♥♥ IT.10/10 great single-player story and a good choice if yourr looking for fun RPG style co-op(dedicated steam friend(s) recommended) AWESOME combat.Will write a review for Rage Burst; when I get around to playing it, which I am seriosuly excited for."
76561198075251164,Recommended,438490,25268792,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sam,"So after about 1 hour (Which isn't much) i can definitely say i'm not disappointed. For me someone like me who's not really into anime if you can get all past that FULL BLOWN ANIMU ACTION it's a good game. The combat reminds me Monster hunter which is to date one of my favorite ones. Plot is rather basic so far and abit cliché but it's alright. Is it worth 50 bucks? That's up to the buyer, if you like monster hunter and if the multiplayer actually works (Which either it seems doesn't or no one is playing online at the moment) i definitely can recommend it, it's not every day that we get a MH like game on pc."
,Recommended,438490,25254293,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ShiroYutaro,"Now probably the first thing that comes to mind when people see or hear about this game and that is, Monster Hunter clone. To them, they would be correct and there's nothing wrong with drawing that comparison with this game. Playing it for a while and a BIG player of the MH series, I throughly enjoying playing God Eater. One of the things that was annoying but not really anything major to MH was that the armor you wore( If you were male) made the character that you made from character creator not pointless but more in the fact that you didn't need to spend so much time on it. God Eater has a rather extensive character creator not only when you first start out but as you continue to play, you can unlock more costumes for you to wear that are completely cosmetic. There's a lot more freedom on making your character be the character that you want and createdNow the gameplay is solid. A fast pace MH. You can't just hack your enemy willy hilly. There is some strategy as knowing the attack pattern of the enemy and knowing when to block. The crafting and weapon upgrading is extensive but pretty easy to get the hang of when you get going. The tutorial does great explanation on knowing the controls to get you started. Sometimes though, the camera can get wacky sometimes. I put my camera far away from my character to see my surroundings better if you don't want that in your face♥♥♥♥♥shot all the time. Combat is easy to get the hang of especially when it comes to switching from one weapon to another.I do wish they had the option to turn the voices into Japanese although personally I don't care but it's more for the freedom of choice for people since Tales of Zesteria had that option. Graphically it's not the most amazing considering it is a remastered PSP title but it still looks decent and definitely fluid at 60fps.Overall this a solid game with TONS of missions and customization. For those people who don't like grinding and hunting for things from certain monsters over and over, you might want to look elsewhere. For people who are fans of Tokiden and Monster Hunter, you'll enjoy this game.Probably give it,8/10"
,Recommended,438490,25249324,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki,Finally i can play GE2 in english sub :DBut where's the JP dub? :(
,Recommended,438490,25249175,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Dalvinton on BDO,"It's like Monster Hunter on steroids with WaifusI enjoyed the anime version so i decided to try out the game pretty worth it.Bought the game because it was cheaper than console version, great HD port, Runs 50-60FPS on a laptop with high settings.Pros-2 games for the price of one-It's like monster hunter but with story scenario-nice character customization-5 melee weapon playstyle with different skills-4 different type of guns-Waifus-Boob physics-Side and Under Boob-Decent AI team-Fun game-lots of costume combination for your character-Cheaper than console version-Can be moded (idk how to yet)-Theres an anime of this gameCons-Difficult to find multiplayer unless you have friends that bought the game-No japanese voice-No blood splatter (japan version has blood)-Lack of gore material-Lack of team costume varieties-No Rem hairstyle-Harambe Aragami"
,Recommended,438490,25264424,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,mintiumheart,i played the old game back with my friends. i like the added csutomization and looks. plus weve waited for GE2 forever now
,Recommended,438490,30991724,Posted: 6 April,all,Hex Lucky Nekomi,"*Caution, Possable Spoilers*in the end, over all its a nice game, by far my favorite to replay in years, but as I have seen in many reports and even expecte from how the game seems to be set up compaired to many others, character importation from a previus version would be nice, I did notice a place holder for your character from GE.R in GE2RB database when you check on the Cradel History books, so I do realise there would would have to be some deep work needed to be done since you do wind up workign with cradel according to how the achivments are layed out, so, even if importing your character only means working with them as a story character that you work with in the game, where that character is using the equipment you last had equipped to them when you importend them. it would be nice, its kinda a let down that you cant use your save for anything from the first one to the second, I have also notice a few voice changes in GE.R that have changed according to the original psp release in america, Dr. sakaki on the psp GE.Burst had a much more ""fitting"" voice for his age, though the Japanese voices would be nice to see in the game, it should only be an option avalable in the audio options not a default set, but avalable for those that would like it or even as a dlc that can be added in later by those that wish to have it, lastly, the devour system in GE.R, is not part of the the original GE.Burst nor is it part of GE2RB, I did like it and found it to be extreamily fun to mess with and even chage my fighting styal around with, I would love to see the devour system from GE.R in the second one, GE2RB. my last problem is networking, it has some bad networking latency, I dont know if your using a direct connection method or if its just a bad connection to a server somewhere, but Mulitplayer seems to have problems with remaining connected, GE.R being much worse with the connection problems, GE2RB no where near as bad, but still note-able. But, in all honestaty, Thankyou, its a Great game, Love the story line adn game play, its got some great flexability for the player to make there character how ever they choose. now I know this is like a review/please fix mix, lol.. sorry~ Xelokownieside notes:GE.Burst == God Eater BurstGE.R == God Eater ResurrectionGE2RB == God Eater 2 Rage Burst"
,Recommended,438490,33749228,Posted: 23 July,all,[INVALID_USER],"If you've ever played a game like MH (Monster Hunter), or even played a Beta or demo of Dauntless, then you'll feel completely at home with this game. Controls are similar, has a big focus on attack variety and combos, lets you break parts of the monsters to weaken them, etc. Now to be honest, I easily choose MH over this any day; however, that's because of two very big factors:#1: I've played MH ever since I was, like, ♥♥♥♥ing 7 years old. Top notch game, even in the first few versions of it.#2: There's simply a plethora of more options in MH that outranks GE (God Eater). Now dont get me wrong, GE has its own plethora of choices and equipment to choose from, its just that MH provides much more freedom with how it does this.Anyways, that's why I'd personally choose MH over GE. However, not everyone can get MH, since it's limited to consoles and as we all know, PC MASTER RACE. So that's where GE steps in. This is the PC equivalence of MH, and it really does a good job of it. In battle, you get to swap between your preffered melee and ranged weapons in a split second. You can also ""Devour"" your enemies both in the middle of and after combat. After combat yields items, during combat yields special bullets that can be used as weapons or to ""Boost"" your teamates. Doing either is usually a great way to change the course of a battle, and while tricky to figure out at first it quickly becomes a common factor of your battles, natural in a way like walking; you just end up doing it because it works. Now another cool thing about this game is that the monsters actually affect one another, something that MH actually lacks (for the most part). For example, if you have to fight two seperate monsters in one mission, you might wait until they're far away from each other and go take out the one with better hearing first. That way, you wont be fighting a two front fight against giant monsters that can and will kill you if they get the chance. Another thing that GE does better than MH is stealth. There is an item in MH called ""Binoculars"", which is supposed to be used for observing your monster from afar before attacking it. I've never successfully used this item because monsters in MH will spot you from half a mile away with the eyes the apparently have hidden in their asscheeks. In GE however, you can quite easily sneak up on monsters ""Aragami"" and deal devestating sneak attacks to it for an upper hand in battle. Lastly, from what I can atleast remember at the moment, is the bullet editor. This feature, while tricky to use, is what sets GE apart from other games; you can essentially make any kind of projectile weapon you can think of. What a laser that can home in on your enemies? Maybe you want a cannonball that doesn't explode, but simply crushes its target with sheer force? Want a rocket that explodes into a mist that heals your allies? It's all possible with the Bullet Editor. Like I said, it can be very tricky to use, and I actually hated using it at first. But as you progress in the game and as you experiment with weapons and tactics, you'll probably end up using it a bit and finding that it makes your life much easier in the long run.Anyways, I had planned on making this short and sweet, but I guess it's too late for that. So last part here, for sure; This game is literally so anime. Like, I'm not even joking. You can literally be the ♥♥♥♥♥iest person and make all the worst choices in the dialogue options that you get sometimes and it will never come to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥ all the characters will think you're a super amazing person, you're the reason the team works together so well, and you're basically mvp of the eternity because protagonist life is only life. It's, in my own opinion, laughable at times, and helps provide an air of comedy to the whole ""Super-Alien-Virus-Mutation-Apocalypse"" theme of the game. But seriously, I'm warning you; Anime as ♥♥♥♥.Anyways, it's a good game, I'd rate it a solid 14.9/17Go have fun."
,Recommended,438490,25428471,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tntonic,Surprisingly good. Basically monster hunter with faster combat and a storyline.Your sword is also a gun.
,Recommended,438490,25247764,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,sinyoo,can shoot teamates.underboobs.hours of character custom.10/10 best gaim evur
,Recommended,438490,25993724,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Miporin,"As a fan, I am very happy that God Eater has arrived on PC. I played the original GE, and GEB on PSP. Now, I completed GER, and almost there on GE2RB. It is worth the waiting despite some minor issues, anyway, here's my opinion:Difficulty & BalanceGod Eater series is known for its fast paced, arcade-ish, lite-hunting gameplay. It is more casual, compared to the Monster Hunter series. If you are looking for difficult, and challenging hunting game, this is not what you are looking for.In that casual light, the original GE, and GEB had been delivered nicely, as the progression is doing their job very well, by making you feel stronger little by little when you progressed through the story. However, that feeling is not there for the GER, while it is still okay-ish in GE2RB.In GE2RB, you are the member of elite unit, which is still acceptable as you will be thrown into the horde as soon as you are awaken to the special power early in the story. The game is put in a way that you are the unstoppable badass God Eater from beginning through the last moment, while doing the ok job in making you feel your character progressions.On the other hand, GER is a remastered for the original GE where you start as a rookie who can use a little special something for the weapon. When they decide to put new feature from 2nd, making it into GER, with some changes for it to go along with the settings of the original, for almost the same contents as the original with additional chapters from GER. Some new features scream off the feeling that '""these shouldn't have been unlocked now, but after you go deeper into the story"", however, those are unlocked from the beginning.As a result, GER is way off the balance. You are way too strong right from the start, minus the equipment. They make very little changes to make its contents on par with the changes made. Some enemies got the upgrades, but that basically what they have done.You will flatten whatever comes your way from the very first till the last mission in GER. There is a little to none for the feeling of getting stronger as you go into the story, more like, changing from weapons to stronger weapons to deal more damage, while everything else remains the same.StoryGER is better than GE2RB, but GE2RB is more interesting, and it should be better if it doesn't make things go into WHAT? in the middle of it. However, it is still acceptable imo.English VABoth GER and GE2RB have the meh to ok-ish English VA, compared to other dubbed JRPG on Steam. Are they good? maybe. Do they go well with the games? NOPE!!English VA don't go well with characters, and most of the time, lacks the feeling needed for the scene. Let's say, you came back from a mission, and found your unit's captain, who skipped several missions where he suppose to go with you, to guide you, were relaxing in the lobby. Then, the siren went off with the voice calling all the available tech staffs, since 'someone' beat the hell out of a strong enemy, extract its core, and rtb safely.The reading VA quality kills the scene. It has also tried to make cute, small voices for characters to match the original Japanese VA, but they turns out weird, and annoying. Still, some of VA for characters are actually surprisingly good, but the overall quality kills them.I completed both original GE, and GEB in JP, so I know that the Japanese VA do a better job than this. They license for the collaboration's contents, costumes from popular J-animes, but not the Japanese VA? that's one of the unreasonable decisions to make.TL;DRBoth games are good, worth the waiting. There are balance issues in GER, and it plays a little different from original, and GE2RB. GER is too easy.There are some connection problems in Online Play, but I have 0 crash during my times on both games, apart from the forced exits from the connection problems. Both games have FPS drops, but in the loadout menu, not during mission. There are some weird artifacts during movies on my PC.If you are here for the gameplay, I recommended playing GE2RB then GER, but the other way around if you are here for the Story.It is worth the purchases, and the waiting !"
,Recommended,438490,25265878,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,pisang,"Really great port game , i Enjoy it"
,Recommended,438490,25274870,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dunder Chief,"Wasn't sure what to expect from a port, but I am pleasantly surprised.Pros:1. Options for 1440 and 144mhz (haven't confirmed that it actually runs at 144, but it is an option in the options screen).2. Gameplay is fun with numerous loadout variations for your character.3. Works very fluid with mouse and keyboard. Haven't once thought ""This would be better with a gamepad"" like most JRPG or anime based games.4. Very interesting monsters that have weaknesses that you will need to learn to exploit and require more preparation before missions as you progress.5. The gun mechanic is very interesting. You have a sniper rifle, an assault rifle, a shotgun, or blast cannon that would operate about as you expect. What differs is the bullets, which dictate the behavior of the projectile with some eventually interesting (if not crazy) options.Cons:1. Obviously a console port evidenced by the muddy textures. The characters and monsters have had more time invested in them than the ground and map objects, but are still obviously from a console.2. I haven't found a free-form training room to test out combos and things without being in a mission.3. Not many online resources like wikis yet, but there will be eventually."
,Recommended,438490,28641049,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,H2haro,nice game....how to solve Multiplayer Online Problem simplefirst OPTION > GAMEPLAY > AUTOSAVE > OFF......TAADAAAA..SIMPLE RIGHT..!!!MAKE SURE TO SAVE A LOT MANUALLY AT THE TERMINAL
,Recommended,438490,30331443,Posted: 4 March,all,Iotatfan,"good game to play, especially with your friends. :>"
,Recommended,438490,32212053,Posted: 5 June,all,Sven ♪,"Amazing Monster HunterAs the title states this game in my opinion highly resembles the Monster Hunter series as you create your very own character and explore the wastelands doing missions to hunt deadly beasts. I personally rather God Eater to Monster Hunter for its Anime-like style, missions, huge rosters of npc's who you can actually take into battle with you, tons of weapons and guns to craft and choose from. The game can be a bit repetitive at times when it comes to maps and hunting the same monster multiple times, but the gameplay itself is what makes up for it. Not only that but this game also comes at an amazing price to be able to get not only part 1 but part 2 as well as all of the additional dlc. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of Monster Hunter, as after playing, this may very well be your next addiction ♪Overall I give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,438490,25703267,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ShinLow,"God Eater Resurection Review:Damn, even re-playing the whole Gods Eater Burst story, I'm having way too much fun. XD The challenge is good even for veterans. The new predator system is fun as hell. Still hasn't finished the game, but damn, i don't even want it to end. <3The good:AMAZING story to follow.Charismatic characters to love for your entire fluffing life.Battles are fast and quite hard later on.Game difficulty have a good learning curve.Overall controls takes a while to get used to but once you do you might really enjoy the feel of it. (keyboard)Online mode has been enhanced, I've been able to play without any issue from Brazil to a player in Singapore.You can help your friends to advance the story or even play the whole game with them. there's no ""Solo"" mission.The bad:Mouse control is a emulated joystick, its ""aimable"" but still sucks.Game might be too hard later on for some players.Online play sometimes fudge up.This review will be updated as I finish GER and start GE2RB."
,Recommended,438490,25244453,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BomberPengSquid,"Your a badass on a mission to use God Arcs, which are basically weaponized Aragami, to save humanity by slaying and devouring Aragami, with Aragami cannibalism. 10/10Really though, the game is very very well made for a pc port and the controls for mouse and keyboard start off clunky, but has you play you actually get used to them and actually start making some badass combos off of it. Graphics are what you would expect from a mobile remaster, but are really good none the less. On par with the Hyperdimension Neptunia games, if not better.Recommended for fans of Monster Hunter, and RPG/JRPG fans alike."
,Recommended,438490,25262527,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tsukasa,"Hoooly crap, where to even begin?First off, let me preface this by saying that my hours in this game is not at all indictive of how much i've actually played this wonderful series. Countless hours of my life were poured away on the PSP version, and even moreso on the Japanese version of God Eater 2.So without further delay...What is God Eater?God Eater: Resurrection/Rage Burst 2is an Hack-And-Slash Monster Hunting RPG game set in a post-apocalyptic setting where humans have been nearly hunted to extinction by a new threat called the ""Aragami"". In an attempt to turn the tides of war in humanity's favor, they created ""God Eaters"" Humans imbued with supernatural prowess in order to combat the Aragami threat.Often compared to the critically acclaimed Monster Hunter series, I'd wager that Gods Eater is for people who prefer constant action, versus strategical prowess. Not to say that this game requires no brains, as clearly any God Eating veteran would laugh at me for saying so, I'm merely saying that this game requiresless""Wait for the monster's openings"" and more of a bloodborne approach to combat: Get in, Go Hard, or Go Home. Dodging is your main form of defense, while blocking is seen as a luxury if not perfect-guarded.But let's go a step further here and talk about God Eater's specifics.Let's talk about it's Pro's and Cons.PROS:Intense ActionEngaging StoryThrilling FightsAnime-Styled (Debateable)MultiplayerGood Solid Port (Comparitively)Amazing Replay ValueTime Sink, if you're looking for one.Predator Style > Blood ArtsAudio Track is amazin'CONS:Blood wasSlightly[/b]toned down. Hardly noticeable.No Japanese VA, this really harshes some people's asses, apparently. Get over it.Repetitive gameplay is not for everyoneNo Cross-compatibilityRegion-Locked (Good luck playing with other countries)Lenka is stupid, and if you pick his character setup you're also stupid.Uninspiring Voice Actors at times. All of the player-voices sound sorta janky.Overall though, I give the game a solid9/10for it's engaging gameplay, multiplayer, and compelling world that gets us involved in it."
,Recommended,438490,25254439,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GoddessLuna,It is a great and fun MH game! It is a more animeish style and has an actual story comapred to MH (With the exception to 4 because Monster Hunter 4 had a story but the rest not so much...) The controls are a little wonky on the keyboard/mouse play but on controllor I heard it is better but given the fact that this is a port from PSVita and PS4 it is a given.Also the reason why it says I dont have hardly any gameplay on this game is because I am playing the first God Eater first. If you pre ordered the game you got God Eater Resurrection for free with God Eater 2! But I do have about 2 hours into the game which will be changing after I write this review! xD! So if you want a more active time of how many hours I played this game look at my profile :3!But overall I am really enjoying the game and I bet anyone would like it as well! But I reccomend buying the game whenever it goes on sale because who doesnt like cheaper games am I right? Also if you ever have any black screen issues and your playing a windows 10 with a Nividia Graphics card just message me I know how to solve the issue <3! This issue effect the first and 2nd God Eater! Or post for help and I will get to your response in due time ^^! Anyways great game <3!
,Recommended,438490,33221457,Posted: 4 July,all,Rinnerva Scarlet,"10/10 would smack Kongou in the♥♥♥♥♥again／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                     ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,438490,32987794,Posted: 29 June,all,cornflakes,"It's a great games! Nice graphic to! I tottally recommend you guys! Psst, only this ge2 rage burst. Don't dlw the GER, it's suck."
,Recommended,438490,25278983,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cirno,"Really fun game, worth the purchase 100% if you enjoy monster hunter like games."
76561198053977929,Recommended,438490,25541414,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,IdFC ✗✗✗,Overall Fun Game to play.
,Recommended,438490,25246718,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tallcat,Basically Monster Hunter.Character designs are cool. Multiplayer works really well. Whacking on monsters with big weapons feels good.Game supports higher than normal resolution and display frequency (runs like a dream at 1440p@144hz)
,Recommended,438490,25268542,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kappa Lord (Macchi),"Love this game!-The graphics are crisper than expected-Game mechanics are in depth-Bullet editing!-Character designs are nice-Only issue for me is the lack of dual-audio Japanese... I mean come on, it can't be so hard to keep the original voices available? A decent number of people who are fans of the franchise, including me, love the Japanese voicing.Hopefully a DLC for the Japanese voicing will be added in the future.Nevertheless still a really good game in all other points I mentioned previously.You will be sucked in, I promise!"
,Recommended,438490,27822355,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheNobleIgnis,"A lotta guns. A lotta monsters, some fancy lookin♥♥♥♥♥♥ And my level 4 nomination badge. What else ya need to know?But yeah this game is ♥♥♥♥in great."
,Recommended,438490,25320882,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Qiwi The Cuckboi,Great game 10/10 Alisa best girl
76561198079007083,Not Recommended,438490,26021652,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fionn,"Please fix the forever loading crashes D: The game gets stuck on the ""Waiting for other players"" loading screen after completing missions in the online multiplayer mode for God Eater 2. It doesn't happen at regular intervals but it still happens pretty frequently. So please fix it because it's getting frustrating. :| And this is the only reason why I'm not recommending this game to anyone.But everything else is good so far. :v"
,Recommended,438490,25241587,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,セイバー VS7,"A better RWBY game than Grimm Eclipse.Well until Capcom is no longer Nintendo's ♥♥♥♥♥, this is the closest we're getting to Monster Hunter on PC in the west.Port's ok. 60FPS, resolution options, no major issues.Dat ingame chatbox though. Yeah, if you're serious, get on Discord or something (Search for it on the forum) because no high-level play is going on with that chatbox."
,Not Recommended,438490,26022058,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Innis,"IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS READ THIS!!!!!!I've ""played"" this ported version for a little over 11 hours. But have only finished and completed the 23rd story mission. The thing that is holding this game back if you're looking to play with actual players is the ""Waiting on other players"" bug. Pretty much a ""LoadingBar.jpeg"" Makes the game unplayable online. Please fix.I've played and followed God Eater since Burst on PSP and finished Ressurrection on Vita.SO, if you're looking to play GE with friends. Wait until they patch it. If you're looking to play alone. :D Enjoy!UPDATE: 10/19/2016The online aspect of the game currently only works when you play with one other person. If you have a room with 2 other players, it'll cause the foreverloading bug."
76561198261160459,Recommended,438490,29608591,Posted: 31 January,all,Mr.HME,This is the best game for me.Thanks***Please add japanese sound on the gameEng sound is strange and Incongruous on the game.
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,438490,35025214,Posted: 17 September,all,mr.seventenski,"I don't think it's a ""bad"" game, but it feels kind of dull to me.  I like the customization for gear, but it doesn't really feel like a true RPG to me, and you pretty much fight the same monsters over, and over again.  This, and the visuals look very dated.  To me it's not worth it, but I can see how god eater fans might like it."
,Recommended,438490,27349890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pent,"Review a product and get a badge.If you like monster hunter, buy it."
,Recommended,438490,25479178,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Goodkat,"The more I play this game, the more addicted I get. It can be kinda overwhelming for new players (I still don't completely know what I'm doing) There is A LOT to this game. But if you're a fan of customizing, monster hunting, or anime art style games, then give this a try.Not many negatives so far really. This game is built around building your own character, which I love.. especially an anime style character. I just wish there were a few more options. You get into the game and see the cutscenes and you can't help but notice how much better the NPC's look than your character. I actually restarted because I was disgusted about how much cuter the idol that shows up was over my character. Needs more face types/eye shapes, eye colors, and just something about the eyes for the create a character is off imo. Not enough contrast between light and dark. Obviously most ppl aren't weird like me and that will be a non-issue.Also, the voice acting... Don't get me wrong, I love the voice actress they got, she is the voice of my favorite character in my favorite game (Gaige from Borderlands 2) But that's just it... ONLY ONE VOICE ACTOR FOR 20 DIFFERENT VOICE TYPES!!!! That's just cheap and lazy. Really wish they could have included the original Japanese voice actors with subs.I know I wrote more negative than positive comments, but the negatives are cosmetic and don't affect the great gameplay and great story. Really loving this game so far."
,Recommended,438490,26547850,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Arc Ignis,Busy eating gods. :V
,Recommended,438490,27860347,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mighty Brothers XX,"Coz I love JRPG, Im gonna score a positive review...- The graphic is not so decent, a good news because it runs well in my low-end PC.- You can put a google on the main character. AMAZING!- Fast paced hack and slash shooting actions... with party.- Buy this and you get the first GE game for bonus. Gonna play that later cos already watching the anime series.- Sh*t, I cant request a refund cos I've played it more than 2 hours everydays.- And the best of all is the cool, calm, less-talk, gorgeous Main Character. Because it was ME."
,Recommended,438490,25995011,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tatsuuki,If you love Monster Hunter you'll love this game!Pros:Amazing story to followCool character customizationNice soundtracksNice gameplayCons:NO JAPANESE DUB:((
76561198122372365,Recommended,438490,25467562,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Shedar,Good game!
76561198155039690,Recommended,438490,28743065,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Damascus,good game but the multiplayer is limited area pls fix to global
76561198061630976,Recommended,438490,29124371,Posted: 8 January,all,EpicFailv2,"Clarifying: recommend GE:R not really GE:RB. So this bundle is worth it.In short: play GE:R (actually good game and improvement over GE) and if you like that suffer trhough GE:RB.Just reached first credits scene (GE:R has two) and:- Story is cringe worthy; ending is straight up painful to listen.- Lesser weapon variety than GE:R- Dynamic devouring (GE:R) is much better than blood arts (GE:RB)- Music is buggy- Visuals are dated, to say the least- English VO is badOnly because i liked GE way back when and GE:R replay just before GE:RB, i played this through. Mostly since i was looking for new interactinons with Alicia, Soma, Lindow, Sakuya (got a few good ones)."
,Recommended,438490,25974540,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Purupurupikopuyo,Fast-paced version of MH + endless variations of bullet customization. 10/10
,Recommended,438490,25735204,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,iSync,Pros :+ Good PortCons :- No JP voice
76561198272389092,Recommended,438490,32901798,Posted: 27 June,all,V.A.C. Efron,would recommend if your sad there are no monster hunter games on steam like i was (forgot it was nintendo) this is the closest game to it. a beautiful game that matches the anime perfectly. personally one of my favourite rpg's
,Recommended,438490,27338097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reados,if you like Monster Hunter series this game is for you.
,Recommended,438490,26828703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vyktar,I forgot I owned this game.
76561198034550148,Recommended,438490,25453854,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Exizt why,"...after a mere 2 hours game seems hyperswell and oddly magnificent... I don't think in 2016 games require long passages to express affinity or rejection because, well, time isn't a ♥♥♥♥ing infinity gig and all the long-winded sprockets just write chunks of words that repeat what a lot of other long-winded sprockets post and a lot of those words just repeat every single goddamn thing about the ♥♥♥♥ing game. Steam doesn't need to be the IMDB/rottentomatoes circular ♥♥♥♥ing blurge of gameology.I like this game because it has hot chicks, monsters, all sorts of numbers that go every which way, and, plus, I play this with my little son who is goddamn awesome as ♥♥♥♥. No claim on winning Dad awards which I never will win and so what? perfect society I never once signed into- but I work very hard to make my little man ♥♥♥♥ing happy as hell and that is all that matters if you are a little dude with a dad and dad with a little dude. And this game scores on every point if you enjoy the synergy of marginal complexity. Slaughter monsters my family men... and drink some meade and organic red wine while thou art at it and always pile dump trucks of love into the brains of your children. ♥♥♥♥ perfection. Cheers to love."
,Recommended,438490,25332150,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Hanuke,"TLDR: Get this game for the gameplay and time sinker nature. Visuals are PSP. While the story is decent, voice acting could have been more polished. Also, you get two games (as separate Steam entries even) though I still believe the price is a bit steep. If in doubt, wait for a sale.This game is a Monster Hunter clone set in an apocalyptic future Earth where monsters roam free and only a select few can fight them. The player is one of those few genetically able to use a weapon capable of killing these monsters, and as story progress, you will see your character also has an ever greater role.Fighting is faster than monster hunter. Monsters also die faster and are not as insanely difficult to kill, though this game still has a high difficulty curve on the later levels. Like MH, preparation is everything. You will most likely spend a LOT of time learning about the monsters and preparing your weapons and tactics to fight them. The game has TONS of mechanics to keep track of, like all the damage types and elementals, to monster strong and weak points, to the bullet editor and the crafting station. There's a lot here for those players who love to spend time at the garage.The game flow and futuristic theme reminds me of Phantasy Star Universe. You have a HUB you can run about in. Talk to NPCs and set up your weapons, then enter missions in various small instances.Visually, the game still shows it's a PSP port, with very low polygon counts and low resolution textures in some places. Character models are stuck in that era when developers tried to get characters to look like anime but without outlines they instead looked rather bland.Sounds and voice are also what you'd expect from a PSP game. A gripe I have is that when in a mission, music only plays when fighting. If you stop combat, music fades out after a few seconds. Could have been a nice thing to allow people to select between always on or adaptive music, OR, add slower paced music in between the fights (like PSO). Voice acting is not horrible, but many times you feel as the people are just reading a script, or being way too correct in their English. There's no Japanese voice audio. I assume contracts and copyrights had to do with that so nothing that could be done.Gameplay and mechanics is where I believe the game shines most. Your character's attacks are fast and even when hit and sent flying, you won't feel that slowness that MH characters had when downed. You always have both a melee and ranged option due to a transforming weapon. Attacks can be flashy and satisfying. As I said above, there's tons of stuff to keep in mind when fighting, mostly the larger monsters. Small monsters die quickly and from most anything. More advanced monsters have strong points that get damaged very little, and some weak points that most of the time need a specific attack type and elemental to be able to do any meaningful damage. Also, these monsters can be quite fast though not too damaging if you prepared well. The game also has a timer as well. I personally hate timers, but this one is extremely forgiving. Even the most resilient of monsters will fall way before the timer even reaches half point if you at least know what to hit it with, something most of the time you learn in game before the mission.The game also has a story. Some might find it bad. Others find it good. To me it feels like your average anime. The one strong point to me is that at least your character, even though mute, can sometimes do awesome and meaningful things in cut scenes so at least you will feel good when you see your own creation being a badass more than a few times.All in all, I recommend this game. The price is steep for a pair of PSP games (these are selling for around the same price they sold back then when new) but you get a lot of hours of game time from both entries. And games where gameplay is king and takes precedence over everything else shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,438490,25332264,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Machawitz,"i've never played any of the god eater games before but i have played many monster hunter games. this plays pretty well and has a lot of depth to the customization, especially with the bullets. it's a little light on the actual instructions but there's a place to view instruction videos in the starting ship which it doesn't mention. if you're having a hard time figuring certain things out, try there.other than that, there are negitives. since this is a port from the vita, it's graphics are probably on par with an early ps2 game. there's a few graphical bugs in cutscenes and a bit of screen tearing here and there when it moves the camera in a cutscene but that's not a problem while actually playing. voice actors are... well, they aren't awful but could be better. i had hoped for an option for just having japanese voices but as far as i've seen, there isn't one. the camera while fighting can be a bit odd at times and trying to move the camera while locked on is very sensitive and moves whildly, i'd avoid trying to do so and free and with guns and use the reticle. luckily, aiming isn't too important for most guns except the sniper and using the zoom option is very good.overall, while this does lack a bit of the fluidity and options you might get in the newer monster hunter series, it does out perform monster hunter in a few areas, customzition being one of the biggest assets to this game and i was very surprised by how well it was done. the blood arts and blood bullets change how each weapon plays in a pretty big way and there's quite a few per weapon. costumes are cosmetic only which means you're free to look however you want and even change colors and such on weapons, guns and shields. it's a bit more technical than MH but i take that as a plus in terms of what i can do and how i want to play, there's a fair bit more freedom and much more depth. it you've ever played monster hunter or any game similar, i'd gladly recommend this to those people. happy hunting :)"
76561198002422046,Recommended,438490,25273375,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lawless,Game starts slow but begins to pick up after diffuclty 3. I like it = )
76561198011339514,Recommended,438490,25266011,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,KO1Boky,"If you like MonHun, this is the game for you, some might say its an easier MonHun, well I certainly do not disagree, but imho it's actually better than MonHun in a certain aspects as below:-- It's on PC! (yes, some might argue MonHun has a MMO version available on PC as well, but it's released on China only, and it's fairly P2W)- It has a story (MonHun is pretty much mindless grinding and hunting, no storylines)Back to the game itself, it's a pretty solid port, despite the graphics doesn't look that impressive due to the textures but again, if you like:-- to hunt monsters with strategies (not mindless hack and slash)- animeish graphics- action- good OST- boss fight simulatorthen this is the game for you.P.S. The game is pretty fun itself overall, but I'm still looking for people to play at multiplayer... is it even live?!"
,Recommended,438490,25375969,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Snaggle,"First of all, I got this in hopes that more will be made like it. I love these sorts of games.Pros:-One of a select few games with a story and VA's that I can actually get invested into.-Single Player isn't just solo all the time. You can choose teammates to assist you-Said teammates can learn skills as they continue to be a part of your team, creating morechoices and more diversity, resulting in multiple strategies. (possibly)-Each teammate has somewhat of a unique set of skills they can learn, depending on theirproficiencies.-It's not insanely hard to craft items once you get going. Tickets are a substitute. GG.-Blood Arts for each weapon can help shape your fighting style and/or may give you anadvantage against certain enemies (Screw you, Sariel :P)-Bullet Editing, Bullet Editing, Bullet Editing. Never before have I ever seen any sort ofcustomization options for a game such as this. This editor really struts its stuff whenyou're constructing a high-level bullet for a blast gun. Mines, splitting bullets,there's so many possibilities, you'll end up spending hours creating the perfect bullet.-The database is a wonderful lexicon full of useful information pertaining to special bullets,enemies and their weaknesses, character bios, world events, etc.Both?-Your teammates in single player barely ever go down which sorta renders the link aid skillsto be nearly uselessCons:-It seems like the emotion is lost from the characters most of the time-Characters could've been animated better to express what they're doing rather than sit still-Assault gun seems a bit overpowered when you obtain burst shot BB-Most times with your teammates, unless they have only a ranged weapon, will almost never use itunless to initially engage with the enemy, even though their skills were chosen for ranged battleOne of the largest issues I've had so far however, is the fact that it's an exrreme hassle to try and play the game offline for any extended length of time.All in all, it's a very solid game if you like games involving looting monsters, building weapons, and then using said weapons to kill bigger monsters."
,Recommended,438490,28967595,Posted: 2 January,all,Adele Von Ascham,Japanese dub please
,Recommended,438490,27039258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frosty,"It's Monster Hunter on PC, but more story driven instead. Includes barbie simulator and item grinding simulator.Easily 100 hours of gameplay to complete all the story quests."
76561198044569402,Recommended,438490,27051486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raverics,"Fun hunting game, hoard all your materials~"
,Recommended,438490,28135415,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Razura,Nice game :v
,Recommended,438490,27359310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zexiar,nice game
76561198256407174,Recommended,438490,25314296,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Settan,11/10 Waifu eater: D. Burst
,Recommended,438490,25275996,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TOG | GiantDave7,"Only a small amount played so far but really impressed.Great to see a decent PC port for once.If you have any interest in Monster Hunter style games (thats action RPG style, Fight/Carve/Craft games) then this is pretty good.Basically the best you can get on PC given the available options.The textures are a bit flat but thats no surprise given the source so not a bad thing, though they are nice and crisp.Game play is exactly as expected with good porting of the controls (I've played with XBOne controller and works great).Typical for a Japanese sourced game allot of dialogue, but you can skip the sequences if you aren't interested in the story line."
,Recommended,438490,29034196,Posted: 5 January,all,Anak_IPA,"Love this game so much :3Pros :- The gameplay is very fanstastic- not bad graphic for anime based game- The character customization is pretty fun tho- The storyline are very amazing- Yuno's japanese voice :3- Gilbert voice in japanese are looks badass thoCons :- The protagonist never talking,its weird ._. its just talking in the end of the story.- no japanese voice,its a bit weird if anime-based game with other languange.but still an amazing game! I hope there is an official japanese voice"
,Recommended,438490,26983803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-Gemini-,"Such a underrated game, everything about this game is great fun and a throwback to monsterhunter style games. The only thing wrong with it at all is the partymaking/lobby needed more work and is poorly put together."
,Recommended,438490,30295379,Posted: 3 March,all,Chunchuncancer,"First of all, too bad I can't write a review for GOD EATER RESURECTION.The GER was good, I myself loves god eater series, want to know the story after the GOD EATER RAGE BUSRT (PSP).On the GE2, they introduce me to the Blood which has special talent called Blood Art, the story itself is impressive, knowing some character from GER or Fenrir East Branch is included in this game too. Love it!"
76561197963360745,Not Recommended,438490,26053405,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kryptic,"This game is great and I would recommend it to any fans of giant monster anime or monster hunter. However, currently the game is unplayable in co-op due to a bug which causes de-sync when finishing a mission. This means when playing with more than 3 players you may have to kill the game and repeat it several times.I can't recommend this until they fix multiplayer."
76561198058217277,Recommended,438490,25342939,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,mr. pockets,"It's anime + monster hunter = great! Just do it. If a toucan, you can."
,Recommended,438490,25266820,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lol,"Played monster hunter, disliked it because its too slow paced. Found god eater, played it and loved it!"
76561198311759225,Recommended,438490,29002918,Posted: 4 January,all,NeonNeko,its a very fun game and easy to learn
76561198317407161,Recommended,438490,30213631,Posted: 26 February,all,Clorox Bleach,pretty good game it just tht the missions look like they were made from flash adobe
,Recommended,438490,30468572,Posted: 12 March,all,F O T O C O P Y,Need more Ciel
76561198261226869,Recommended,438490,33589251,Posted: 16 July,all,crimson death,i wanted this game for a while and when i seen it on sale in the store i jumpped at the chance and i dont regret it at all.
,Recommended,438490,30563948,Posted: 16 March,all,Ace,Great game if this game have japanese dub it would be greater but still its worth playing
,Recommended,438490,25283213,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lojo,"This game is rly fun tho, i just cant stop"
,Recommended,438490,25243405,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Masuo15,"So far, its more than what I anticipated and wait all those years since God Eater 2 was anounced on Japan.First thing first, even when they menttioned blood being removed as part of the censore fo rthe West, if it was removed, has to be minimal amount as I can see blood cuts with each slash of my short blade.If there are issues between the PC/Console versions, please let me know them, becuase so far, my only complain is that cutscenes end a little before the characters finish to speak their lines. And Nana's character model doing weird moves before the first field training started for a couple of frames.I would recommend playing on controller, but the game show inputs for kb/mouse and controller, depending on what you use. And somehow, they manage to make the so called ""fast peaced Monster Hunter"" feel EVEN MORE fast peaced than GE:Burst."
,Recommended,438490,31902736,Posted: 22 May,all,WhitePhantom,good game
,Not Recommended,438490,26053486,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Disco Cactuar,"Really enjoying this game. Great monster hunter game to play online with friends, except for one problem. The ""Waiting for players bug"" everyone keeps experiencing in multiplayer. It has completely stonewalled story progress for my friends and I. We just attempted the same mission 3 times in a row. Every time, after we collected rewards and progressed through the blood art screen, we ended up stuck at an infinite ""Waiting for players"" screen. It really does make the game unbearably frustrating to play right now, and I can't give the game a positive review until it is fixed."
76561198073243519,Recommended,438490,29029083,Posted: 5 January,all,-=Terry East=-,"If you like Monster Hunter, you will love this on PC, since MHO haven't release for English market yet"
,Recommended,438490,29005000,Posted: 4 January,all,Potato Aim,nc game
,Recommended,438490,28848597,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Z E R O,"It's nice overall, I just wish they would implement the DLCs the Japanese version also had (PS4/Vita Version) like the Tokyo Ghoul masks and the Assasination Classroom outfits and fix the audio, subs and dubs bugs kinda bothersome, if those happened 10/10 this game would be really great, but overall I still recommend playing this game."
76561198033783597,Recommended,438490,26728432,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Famus Raper,The characters in this game does not assume my gender.
,Recommended,438490,25240508,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Aqely 👽,"No Fps drops , optimization is goodCan create your waifu (I have my asuna <3)But the missions looks a bit easy"
76561198056683657,Recommended,438490,35068776,Posted: 19 September,all,Dyst ツ,"Unexpectedly good voice acting, that was my only worry at the start."
,Recommended,438490,26357876,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ｃｈｕｕｙａ,"I like everything about the game. The multiplayer for me is too unstable. Or is it just me. :( Hope this will be fixed. I have the same dl region as my friends, btw."
,Recommended,438490,29014902,Posted: 4 January,all,INZANE,"What You Need to Know Before Buyingyou can get God Eater Resurrection when you buy God Eater 2 Rage Burst for FREEand God Eater Resurrection is a GOOD Remastered Version of God Eater Burst on PSPGod Eater Resurrection has all the hairstyles and weapon types from God Eater 2 Rage Burstbut weapons have different skill than GE2RB, its because the weapon skills in GE Resurrection needs to be balanced for the Predator Stylecant turn off vibrate XDthats the only bad thing in God Eater 2Rage Burstoh wait, when you go into Blood Rage its broken, you're so Over Powered that there's no difficulty anymoreBlood Rage is almost God Mode, ALMOST!if you played God Eater Burst on PSP, God Eater Resurrection is way better than God Eater 2 Rage Burst because of the Predator Style(more ways to devour, mobility and buffs) in Resurrection!because of the Predator Style in God Eater Resurrection, you can stay longer in Burst Shift, it made it easier to devour and it gives you buff, a maximum of 5 buffs thats how many types of devour you can equip on Predator StylePlus the Dyaus Pita in the ANIME version of God Eater is HERE, in this GAME XD in Resurrection!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=972835664will add Anime Dyaus Pita ingame SS soon"
76561198253371169,Recommended,438490,28097607,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rem,"I really enjoy this game, with 50 hours on STEAM I feel that I've played the game enough to leave an accurate review. I've also played at least 1000 hours on VITA. The game has no microtransactions, and has a good story...... Gameplay is good, if I had one bad thing to say it would be that it needs MORE Blood Arts."
76561198174386997,Recommended,438490,28674373,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DeatHEpsiloN,"Nice Gameplay, Nice Story, Nice Music. its never bore me to play with my friends and it really fun to customize your weapon, character, and bullets. this game is one of the best game i ever play."
,Recommended,438490,33469321,Posted: 11 July,all,Geischfelt96,"This is a Vita game ported to PC.If you pay full price for it, you'd better be a huge fan.  Otherwise, you're just a fool.17$ aint bad though."
,Recommended,438490,27849663,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PsychicMan,"2 game for the half price good.i love this game so much. but voice english so bad i think, i didn't like that. camera working very bad. i hope give us update for japan voice"
76561198107312594,Recommended,438490,30515880,Posted: 14 March,all,Hitori-kun,"A solid and entertaining game of the ""hunting genere you go out as a god eater hunting all kind of wierd monsters, upgrading equipment, customizing your avatar and gathering resources is it repetitive and get's boring? sounds like any other game like call of duty, battlefield etc it's about if you like this kind of game or not. if you like monster hunter, hack and slash games like devil may cry or never played a game like this before give it a try.This is a fast phased game you need to have some quick reflexes and get used to the controls and wile i am talking about controls i recomend you use a controller for this game and the dificulty scailing makes it so you have to stop doing story missions to upgrade your gear and sometimes it can be kind of a grind but we are here for the gameplay anyways so is not a big turn off at least for me.As unpopular as this opinion may sound pay no mind to people complaining about the game not having japanese voices because of the art style the game has it lures a lot of anime lovers and elitists with them so that is just the anoying people of the anime comunity ♥♥♥♥♥ing and complaining about it instead of trying to learn the language and play the japanese version if they do hate a lot english dubs the complain i have is that the new voice actor of paylor sakaki is worst that the voice actor on the psp god eater burst and my ears are not comftrable hearing him after spending 1k+ hours in the psp with god eater burst."
,Recommended,438490,28638928,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fin Wool,"Nice game if u play with friend easy story many item,upgrade,etc and nice gameplayBUT 1 PROBLEM Game keeps getting stuck at ""waiting for other players"" screen after a mission"
,Recommended,438490,28643039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JazzGaia,"I have been playing this game for about 110+ hoursThis is one of the best game for me+ Story Rich+ Good Music+ Many possibilities with your weapon+ So many clothes to choose xD+ Make your own Charachter cute (lol)This game almost make me shed tears because of the storyI buy it when it's discount, but the price with the game it self is worth itso what are you waiting for, BUY IT!!!"
76561198277474711,Recommended,438490,31088932,Posted: 11 April,all,SP-on Gaming,The game is fun but there's like no one playing the game so you'll mostly ignore the multiplayer option unless you have a friend
76561198057925923,Recommended,438490,26140190,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,LuNo,"How would one describe GE2:RB? Depends on the player. I assume most players know the anime and have a peronal attachment to the game because of that. Me? I didn't watch it, but plan to now. Still. This allows me to look at GE2:RB without any prior knowledge to the world I chose to dive into. Well... I find some of the terms confusing, but the game luckily features a database in which one can read about every detail. But now to the most important question. Is it a good game? Personally I think this is a great game. Why?It features a story with 15 difficulty levels, extra missions, crafting system for melee, long range, and 3 types of shield equipment (which can be upgraded into better weapons AND leveled up), customizable characters, and tons of materials to grind. It is one of these games that keeps you busy for more than a week or two. And if you do get bored at some point, get friends to play it. It features a co-op mode for up to 4 of your pals, which is a double edged sword. The NPCs will usually take care of your health when you take too much damage and forget to do it yourself. So when you replace them with real people, there is a little learning curve on how to look out for each other. Still. It's fun.The only bad things there is about it are that you can't skip just a few cutscenes and the credits. Choices your character seems to make change nothing in the story. And I dislike a lot how the story progress. Usually when you get back to the hub after a mission and want to continue with the next one, the mission giver will inform you that person XY wants to talk with you first. It would be great to be informed about this BEFORE preparing to claw at the next mission. It kinda breaks the flow. But these are very minor points.If you're thinking about buying this, ask yourself the following:-Do I want to play a game that is easy to learn and tough to master?-Do I want to create a custom character and keep unlocking clothes for them to give them my personal touch?-Do I want to be challenged early on when encountering the first boss that is capable of spawning trash mobs that will absolutely annoy me?-Do I find it enjoying to be rewarded properly for grinding for materials (especially after the main story at which the extra missions start kicking in)?And most importantly:-Do I want to beat/slice the everliving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of enemies with a 6 melee weapons, 4 short to long range weapons (with customizable/programmable bullets), and an arsenal of special attacks for said melee weapons?Well if the answer to at least the last one is a yes, I recommend you to watch a couple gameplay videos, then come back here, and dive into a game that has a high chance to be worth your time and money. Oh! And one more thing. Purchasing this will not only give you GE2:RB, but also God Eater Resurrection (the prequel). So technically, you get 2 games in one purchase."
,Recommended,438490,28804986,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dark Void,Preordering this game was the best decision! I ever made was able to play the first game again
,Recommended,438490,25260428,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PurityCE,I bought this game as long time fan since the psp versions (Never played the vita or ps4 ones) and I absolutely fell in love with the game and its storyline and when I saw this coming to pc I was so happy and I preordered it despite everyone saying that it might be bad and I had hope and something deep down said its going to be great and you know what? After playing for a few hours now I can finally say money well spent andnow I'll leave some thoughts below:1)Voice Acting - Its really really good and I love them all doesn't feel lazy at all well done :D2)Mod Support? - Well no sadly because Denuvo but the majority of players are buying because no jap dub mod seriously you guys can go cry somewhere else because the rest of us are here to enjoy the game and story (-_-)3)Gameplay - 60FPS 1080p really REALLY fluid gameplay nuff said.4)Mouse and Keyboard - Also works like a charm and I bet those who don't play with a controller are happy abut it :)5)Quality - Slighty beter than the PS46)Multiplayer - Multiplayer functions as it should and the only problem is changing region download to play with others from other countries (pls fix this)So overall I give this a Solid 9/10 would be 10 if the multiplayer part was fixed abit but Overall I love what Bandai did and thank them from the bottom of my heart and to my fellow god eaters HAVE FUN!
,Recommended,438490,25525118,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,hikistyle,"+2 Games in 1+Decent English Dub(I Love Licca English Dub)+Solid 60 FPS without dropping+Compatible K+M+Decent Story on GE:R and GE2:RB+Good AI(Although the cannot Blocking)-No Japanese Dub Option(I know the reason though, but still...)-Kanon Daiba"
76561198036571397,Recommended,438490,25496343,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Takeminakatanokami,NAMCO PATCH THE GAME PLEASE! I like this game. Don't force me to say bad things about it. Urgent level 9 missions and above will crash the game. It's regioned locked which prevents people from playing. This happens to some people even if the correct region. Now online is disconnecting for everyone.PATCH THE GAME. STEAM YOU NEED TO RESPOND TO. PEOPLE ARE CREATING POST ABOUT THIS AND NO ONE IS RESPONDING.Once again this game is fun. These bugs must be fixed.
76561198062194904,Recommended,438490,25526095,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shu,Great!But why no Japanese ver :(
,Recommended,438490,29615894,Posted: 31 January,all,Nong_Ing,"This game is amazing, except the voices are only available in ENGLISH!  Also, will there ever be a DLC to buy the pre-order outfit and hair style bonuses?"
76561198054327004,Recommended,438490,29223286,Posted: 13 January,all,MixLogix,Well This is a fun game if you like monster hunter or toukiden kiwami or basically just a fan of god eater :3 i like it so far.. Now it would be better if there are gun arts to :3 like the blood arts except for gun mode only definitely would recommend getting this .....
,Recommended,438490,29061809,Posted: 6 January,all,NatAn,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst is overflowing with content and new features, that can offer you up to hundreds of hours of gameplay, including tons of character customization. Smooth battle system, engaging story, and characters' interactions. It combines sense of dread, with surprisingly fun factor with its great monster designs and cheerful moments with your teammates.Overall, it is a very worth-to-play game."
,Recommended,438490,33505270,Posted: 13 July,all,Perseid,"This'll be a rather quick review, only outlining my time with it. I have < 10 hours with this game, but I've played the first God Eater quite a bit, both in single player and in multiplayer (when it worked).Now, I know most of the people coming down to read these will be new to the series. Thankfully, it seemed that Bandai Namco thought of this and, just like God Eater 2, changed the story for anyone who hasn't watched the anime (Which I suggest you do). If you are new to the series, I'm sure there's plenty of other reviews which can go into the lore, etc. I suggest you go check those out. This review will just be about the game and how I see it.Gameplay:The gameplay is fairly solid. If you have played the first God Eater game, then you'll instantly understand and know the mechanics. Take quests in a central ""hub"" area, go to an area and slay the enemies.Of course, it's not 100% solid. If you've read ""hub area"" and winced, you should. The hub area which the majority of the game takes place is rather... bland. Unlike the first game, this one is extremely lacking.Generally... I'd give the game a nice: 7/10If you've played the first game and didn't manage to get it in a bundle, buy it! It's a good game.If you haven't played the first game, don't worry. The story isn't the same. It's a different story and areas to complete. The enemies are generally the same, due to the world the game is set.(Still trying to get better at reviews, go easy on me ^3^)"
76561198122650478,Recommended,438490,33506706,Posted: 13 July,all,crowfeathers7,if you get black screen in windows 10 just find program rickclick  run trouble shooter  .save settings worked easybesideds that game looks great runs well and plays  great on controlerstwo games for one its a great deal both run well and you can cary over your guy from 1 so start with GE RES then hit GE2
,Recommended,438490,33551052,Posted: 14 July,all,Mikazuchi Luke,"this game is totally gonna make us addicted , the monster aragami is quite good , the only problem is creating bullets and skill preview . 8,5/10"
,Recommended,438490,25252005,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BOT Doge,"Good Game. Pretty good story, game play isn't that hard, also not to easy. Graphic quality requirements ain't to high. (Able to run medium on my laptop,but sometimes the FPS will drop during gameplay)The only bad thing i think is the English voice lines... I had GE2RB on my psv(Japanese Version) and I also prefer to have Japanese voices on the PC version. Japanese voice lines sounds more cute on female characters......:)"
76561198083323151,Recommended,438490,25252687,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ChronosFlame,"Alright, what to say, what to say... Well, might as well start with a pro/con list, right?PROS:-Fairly simple combat, with a wide range of options for the ideal God Arc.-Clean graphics... Not quite on par with something like Just Cause 3, or other current-gen games. But from what I know, it's a port. That's kind of expected.-Great music. I've always been a fan of the music in God Eater, but I'd suggest turning SFX down so you can actually hear it.-The Characters have, well, character. True, they're very anime-stereotype-ish, but it's a game made by a Japanese company, which came from a Japan exclusive series up until recently. And Anime originated in Japan. Kind of a culture bend, like with the absurd amounts of blood and violence in Western games.-A lot of reviews noted that PS3/4 controllers work. Keep in mind that Xbox One controllers work as well... Even wireless ones. Stick a Phone Charging cord onto it, plug it into your PC, and it works like a dream.CONS:-The camera is a little unwieldly.-Don't get me started about fine aiming with a God Arc's Gun mode.-Literally no people playing Multiplayer. Like come on. I want to beat up Aragami alongside some complete strangers.Overall, I'd say that I'm quite happy with the game. I've been wanting to play a God Eater game for years, but my lack of an up-to-date PSP, a PSVita in general, and access to any of the previous games kind of made that not happen. 50 Bucks /is/ a bit of a stretch, but you get two fully fleshed-out games, with decent ports compared to other games. And better functionality compared to something like Battlefield 4... Really, that was a glitchy mess in Single Player.But, there's my review. It's a good game, if not a tad bit unwieldly, and for those of you who don't know, have this note. I don't think it tell you this, but when using your Dog Arc's Gun mode, you can lock onto Aragami still. At least with the Assault Guns. Just enter aim mode, and try to lock on to an Aragami."
,Recommended,438490,25325341,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Yuu Rami,• what i like in this game:-Graphics-Characters-BGM-Scythe-English language-Ciel• my problem(s) when playing this game:-Some place stopped bgm for no reason-no friend to play with-kanon made many holes in my body-emil11/10 will punch emil in the face again
76561198052198144,Recommended,438490,28089200,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SeriouslyHEAT,Jp voice pack ?Please ?or put on DLC whatever?
,Recommended,438490,25240513,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bin.Nobunaga,"This truly is a great game !!The game runs smoothly, no fps drops with highest graphics.Rewarding mission, tons of item to craft.Beautiful craft/purcharseable costume.Agressive mosters with fast combat, also very challenging!!Ohh and your waifu Alisa is here too."
,Recommended,438490,25240405,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Aria,"Asuna Simulator 5/7 will play for itOn a slightly serious review, God eater 2 Rage burst is a remake of God Eater 2, a sequel to God eater, where you are a member of a new unit ""Blood"" which are the elite among God eaters. They hold a special power, which can turn the tide in a battle.Graphics 7/10Pretty decent graphics for a port, a fair amount of settings that can be used. Cutscenes are at 60fps, although you could tell its made from 30 fps.Controls 8/10I used a Xbox controller, havent tried using keyboard and mouse, but i recommend using controller.Would like to have vibration for more immersion factor.Gameplay 7/10Like the game as it is so far, the classic monster hunter setting, with few interations in the game lobby.Character creation is a joy, would wish to have height customisation and certain other customisation related to ""size"". hmm hmmm XDGame lore is great, you can have a great deal of reading in the terminals found in the lobby of the game.One exception I found is there isnt a preview mode for the costume when you want to buy them. You can preview in crafting, but not buying them in a shop, hope that could be changed.Dialogues in the ""free-roam"" lobby is is limited by only subtitles, would have hoped to have audio dialogues as well. Cut scenes dialogues are well done, except as usual, your main character is mostly a mute. Since in character creation you are allowed to have 20+ voice customisation, it may be the main reason of not including voice dialogues in cut scenes.Overall  7/10Pretty decent port, only crashed once during saving, not sure of the reason. Fun gameplay and would definitely recommend it if you are a God Eater/Monster Hunter fan.Another gripe is that I wish theres a Japanese Dub audio for it, too used to watching anime in their original voice, feels weird to be hearing English speaking voices in anime, but thats my personal preference, which, incidentally, quite appealing to most people too, hope the developers would care to put in an Japanese audio.Will try multiplayer soon, but for now, the single player is good enough to play.Hope this review helps in your decision for purchasing! Have a great day."
,Not Recommended,438490,30358654,Posted: 6 March,all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"OH MY GOD THEY ARE ACTUALLY ASKING FOR FIFTY BUCKS FOR THIS??? *dies a little inside*This is a PSP port. It looks like a PSP port. The levels look like something you could construct out of shoe boxes and duct tape, and their style is utterly inconsistent with how the characters look - the visual style of the game just falls apart somewhere in the middle. Worse, there is a ridiculously low number of levels which you're gonna see OVER AND OVER AGAIN until they get stuck in your NIGHTMARES. Oh, and a lot of them are ripped straight from God Eater Resurrection (which comes bundled with this), so hooray for asset recycling.The gameplay is kind of obtuse, slow and repetitive and controls could be a lot smoother if the developers had actually noticed the two additional triggers on a proper controller when compared to the PSP. Or maybe they just didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I get this is not an AAA game, but... come on. FIFTY EURO BUCKS. Still, some people say this game is fun, which is an opinion I can not really agree with.  Maybe the game failed to properly tell me how I'm supposed to play it, or maybe it just is an uncomfortable, slow, repetitive, boring mess.The story... well, I obviously haven't finished either game yet, but from what I've seen it's fairly mediocre. There just seem to be way too many plot threads that don't really form a cohesive whole, but there are these glimpses of really good writing - especially, I believe that Alisa's story arc in GE: Resurrection is a fairly well-done portrayal of PTSD. Bonus points for that - it's definitely not what you'd expect from looking at the screenshots.I'm still going to push on for a bit and see if GE2 has any significant improvements over GE:R later on, but so far I'm not confident, and if I hadn't bought this on sale I'd feel ripped off. In fact, I still feel kind of dirty after looking at the price tag of FIFTY BUCKS, OMG, ARE YOU SERIOUS?"
,Not Recommended,438490,35155478,Posted: 23 September,all,rickyrooroo229,"All looks, no fun... Roaming's garbage, fighting's pretty awesome but repetitive, and you can't even change your mouse sensitivity and the default is low af. I don't recommend this game to keyboard and mouse users because of this dealbreaker. I don't know about controllers though."
76561198064016885,Recommended,438490,25310870,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Brofu is my TK,-Was asked where I look when I see a beautiful woman.-I answered the bust.-It was the legs.10/10 Would go on a quest to look at a woman's legs again.Oh and the rest of the game is pretty good too.
76561198066698500,Recommended,438490,29267516,Posted: 15 January,all,White,lit
,Recommended,438490,33693881,Posted: 21 July,all,リラエレシス,i can do Getsuga Tenshou
76561198021493852,Recommended,438490,31252269,Posted: 20 April,all,yolomancer,"Port of a PSP game, given HD graphics. It looks great, plays great, but is beyond repetitive and far too easy. The game has a great value, including a remaster of the first game for free, however you will quickly see that the remaster of the first is essentially just the story and setting of the first game done in with the 2nd game's mechanics and character customization. All of the character customization and accesories remains exactly the same through both games (although the possible outfits are quite different). Nevertheless, the pattern of ""arrange party, start mission, upgrade gear, kill monster"" rinse repeat for 50+ hours is just not enough. It sounds dumb to say (because its true) but it does feel too much like a handheld game.Maybe if there were more diverse settings, a more interesting hubworld, or a less grindy progression system I'd feel more incentive to invest, but as it is, once you've seen the first hour, you've seen all that both of the game's in this package have to offer. What a shame.However the ideas are great and refreshing, and I am open to revisting this franchase in the future if they ever made a more ambitious title that is dissimilar enough from these ones. The game is of good quality, and with two games its a great deal. It just isn't for me personally."
,Recommended,438490,25348337,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Purê,"Wait for steam sale.  The game is optimized good for pc but is a portable game.  60fps and up to 4k resolution.  Most of the combat is 3 combo attacks, jump attack, ranged atk for 3-4 shoots.There are different weapons and different blood arts, but you can only have one bloodart which turns your 3 combo into ranged, lifesteal, or debuffs.  Yes technically there is variety but it all comes back down to 3 combo spamming.The maps are just generic corridors.If you like monster hunter like games you probably would like it, but from my perspective of playing mmo's and other fighting games i expecting 4-10+ abilities as option in combat.I think i would have more fun with multiplayer, but any game is like that."
76561198124780230,Recommended,438490,25268848,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Caboose,"Amazing game. Amazing Port. Capcom, we're waiting."
,Recommended,438490,25251973,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,i have play this game on asian version ps4.now i get to play the game on 1080P 60fps and 4ktoo bad it did not support 21:9 so i have to play it on 1080p 60fps to avoid black bar if you have widescreen monitor.gameplay is flawless and was a good port.so i might as well continue playing the game to see if there is a problem with it.if you have play tokiden kiwami or monster hunter on 3ds. you play this on psp b4.you might buy into this one.i can vouch with my wallet cause you get 2 game in one price.
,Recommended,438490,25261938,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,K.z,"worth it to bought (Y) , i cant stop play this game lul"
,Recommended,438490,25307030,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Junz,"Finally its come to PC...If u liked>JRPG>Hunting Game like MH>Custom Charater : make ur own waifu/husbando XD>Multiplayer> Got 2 Game : Rage Burst2 & ResurrectionBest port 60 fps on PC..Playable with Keyboard+ Mouse.. but i recommend use joypadnoted : played resurrection first if ur new on this game.. it explained about God Eater story,,Hope more Game like this coming.. :)"
,Recommended,438490,25316627,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,PX,I've waited for this for so long! Now it's here!It's addictive you should try it too.
,Recommended,438490,25669735,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ultravires,Hundreds of hours have been spent searching for the meaning of life.And what to wear for my next mission.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,438490,30440413,Posted: 10 March,all,KRI Sendai Kai Ni,"Need more Open World Mode and free to upgrade relationship with friends... Must make a giant room to gather many people. and we're waiting for a new DLC, the free one please..Overall, Nice game, I Like it..."
,Recommended,438490,25240804,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DaiChi,Nice Quality and the mission quit nice
76561198107647892,Recommended,438490,25239336,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Carbalite,"im still having issues with the frame, if anyone have a clear framerate tell me so, but aside of the technical dificulties (hope it fixed soon) im always a huge fan of hunting action hack and slash genre like this, play the psp version of it and finish the game 3 times, give it a try either in pc or console if you like to rip monsters organs and making it your baseball bat of mass destruction.but aside the frame drop is still very uncomfortable, if somone could confirm it to me thats its just my pc (which i play warframe high spec with no frame drops) or its the game ~ty"
76561198162209309,Recommended,438490,25299639,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Varna,nice game
76561198399092264,Recommended,438490,33047112,Posted: 30 June,all,kuuga,You can eat a god so best game 10/10
,Recommended,438490,25278831,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) つwefow #Wolfpack,"A good alternative to C_yka Strike: Global Blya_t and Overwatch.------------------------------------------------------------------So far haven't seen any bad things about it, runs smooth."
76561198056578244,Recommended,438490,25331195,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CC,"For $50, you're getting both God Eater 2 and God Eater Resurrection which is the HD remake for the first game originally on the PSP. The game is basically faster-paced Monster Hunter with an anime art style and an actual story contrary to MH's story of ""kill♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. It also has a great soundtrack overall, both during missions and during cutscenes.The one downside is that the dub is pretty hit or miss, and there is no option for the Japanese voices (thanks Bandai Nacmo). Some of the characters are actually really solidly voiced, but at the same time some are dreadfully bad.I won't say that it is better than MH, but it is definitely on par with it in terms of both pure entertainment value and how much play time you will get out of it. For reference, at the time of this review, I'm on the Level 5 missions on GE Resurrection and that is with 20 hours of play time, and there are 14 Levels of mission difficulty. So yeah, plenty of content. Between both games, you're easily getting a quality ratio of hours played to dollars spent....And I would like to have more people to play the multi-player with, so take that into account to when considering getting this. Please."
76561198288403124,Recommended,438490,25328121,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,narzzfates,Pros:-Decent story-Create own character-Challenging mission and side quest-Weapon + Skill + Abilities can be customized-Similar concept with Monster Hunter and Toukiden-Fast battle-Plenty types of weapon to be tried-New interesting mechanics introduced (compared to GEB)-Get 2 game in one purchase (God Eater Resurrection)-Smooth gameplay-Work great with DS4Cons:-Grinding for items-Not really a beautiful world (graphically)-No interesting boobs (as compared to GEB/GER)Good game imo
,Recommended,438490,25264812,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lumi,The english voice acting is garbage but the game is kinda fun.I turned off all the voices and the game is fine now.
,Recommended,438490,25259908,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BogsySenpai,"Great game, I played it on the PSP and the everything looks nice.Ended up refunding because friends are on the PS4."
,Recommended,438490,30168441,Posted: 25 February,all,Vira,"like most of the Japanese game, focus on the story instead of gameplayalthough in terms of story preferring Ressurection but still da best in the PLOT TWIST ( <3 PLOT TWIST )gameplay:not to easy and not to hardsometimes the style of play should be adjusted onlyGraphic:I admit that it is not goodIn - game:perhaps because the insert song random so in some parts of the conversation seemed less fitlittle bugs here and theremonotonous for some missionswell if you love game with good story and plot twist you must play this game"
,Recommended,438490,28820223,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Andrea Jordan,"Just brought this game, and i love it :)Love the storyline, love the upgrading and harder bullet crafting :)But somehow lack of predator style, i was hoping that GE2RB implement predator style like GER :)Cuz, combo predatory itsn't enough for me, and can't make beautiful combo like in GER. Hit combo+devour+rage burst. Thats the arts of slaying aragami :) But overall, its good :)"
,Recommended,438490,25469057,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Raiyaz,This game comes with God Eater Resurrection.  Both games are absolutely wonderful.
76561198060557589,Recommended,438490,25481039,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,KulkasSehat,waifuuuuuuusssssss
76561198283837687,Recommended,438490,28710416,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kiel,"Almost cried when I saw the characters from the previous God Eater, The anime made me cry, and the quality I had to play this game made me cry. When will this game be satisfied? how many more tears must I shed for this game? IDK but imma keep playing it."
76561198111221203,Recommended,438490,26277461,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Princess of Dumbasses,If your into Monster Hunter esque like games then this one will be definately be a good one for you.
,Recommended,438490,30217166,Posted: 27 February,all,•.•♫ Plutia ♬•.•,"The singlehanded best hunter game on steam. can be very grindy if you want it to be, comes complete with lots of waifus too. Only for the waifus. Solid gameplay with good weapon variety of six types. And lots of waifus."
,Recommended,438490,26199454,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jirujan,Devil May Cry + Monster Hunter = God Eater seriesedit: i just know that i can use my generic controller. it's better :v
,Recommended,438490,26000874,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GoldenAeon,"I've been playing God Eater series for 6 years and had waited the localization when it first announced.+Conversations are translated nicely and every detail can be acquired so easliy.+Great port! As far as I know, FFXIII is 30fps capped but playing a game on 1080p/60fps really made me happy. No fps drops either!+The hints are neither too long, nor too short. Just the way I like.+Keyboard + mouse combo is decent. However I can't get used to it :/-VA's suck.-No visible change on graphics-As far as I know, 3rd party joysticks aren't supported (tell me if i'm wrong) so you have to have a Logitech joystick or a PS3/4 dualshock that is compatible with PCs. (PROVEN THAT IT'S ACTUALLY WRONG)-Mouse sensivity is extremely slow and no way to make it faster. (just get a gaming mouse and change its dpi it legimately works)My final result: 8/10. If 3rd party joysticks are supported, it'll be 8 out of 10. Gonna try that tomorrow.Edit: 3rd parties are compatible, but the key mapping for them is worse than keyboard + mouse. Got used to keyboard, and got a new mouse so i can change its sensivity whenever I want to. >:3"
,Recommended,438490,28903076,Posted: 1 January,all,Pōrin,please add japanese dub
,Recommended,438490,26967036,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DukeKing,A really straightforward review : A Great Game for Anime and RPG lovers alike.
76561198000109538,Recommended,438490,25242847,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sky,"As a diehard monster hunter fanboy, this game was on my radar for the longest time, but for some reason never got into it. I saw this bundle deal (resurrection/rageburst and rage burst 2) and jumped for it.I'm only a handful of hours in, but I love it. It's got a bit of jrpg-kitschy humor, but honestly I enjoy that, but I can see how some people would consider it trite.GAMEPLAY:+ It's smooth, very nicely remastered, doesn't look like a psp/vita port at all.+ Combat is extremely complex, more so than I had thought just looking at it. The early missions are  laughable though (nothing I couldn't spam through yet), but you can see the depth in the combo systems.- Seemingly everything we need to know is in the database. While yes, that's amazing, just the first glance at it was extremely overwhelming, and the tutorial missions are more of ""this is how you walk."" Each weapon has a huge variety of combo strings and special traits (not to mention the VAST customization which I haven't messed with yet). While yea, I'm listing this as a negative, it's more of a ""I'm glad it's complex, but it's a lot at once""I also did a quick test by making a resurrection character and tried to transfer him to RB2, but I had no luck, perhaps we need a story complete file or something along those lines to transfer across, Time will tell.I'll be updating this as I find out more, but as of right now, I'd say if you're a Monster Hunter fan, or even a Dark Souls fan (it will curve that hard from the gameplay I've watched), and love some good ol' fashion JRPG-kitsch, I say go for it."
,Recommended,438490,28045531,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Osuya,GOD EATER 2 WAS AWESOME!definetely worth buying!
76561198134222518,Recommended,438490,28363553,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kuroneko,10/10 ... no need to explain .. best game ever XD XD
76561197971153978,Recommended,438490,25274081,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xaero,"Only played God Eater: Resurrection so far, so I can't rate GE2 yet.My only real reference is Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate.What I like better so far is:- Combat feels faster- Way easier to get into- More story to it- Finding and chasing the monsters is fasterI can't judge the depth yet, but the purchase was already worth it, the ports are fine and look alright."
76561198085806379,Recommended,438490,28038335,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,@x1øn 3dg3,whole childhood in this game
,Recommended,438490,30219591,Posted: 27 February,all,ゴースト,Nice game
,Recommended,438490,30213525,Posted: 26 February,all,SkyLark,"It's a Hack and Slash game, rly love this game."
,Recommended,438490,25243059,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chresc,"If you just started the game make sure you play Resurrection first.For those who are playing God Eater for the first time, play God Eater Resurrection first, its a remake of God Eater Burst and will help you understand the story more.I already played God Eater Burst on PSP but I just couldn't help it and decided to play Resurrection first, still never gets old for me.The game also has controller support, I tried using my PS controller and the game automatically adjusts the tutorial to the buttons on the controller.Most of all what I really enjoy in this game is the bullet customization, you can customize the type of bullets your God Ark will shoot (angle, size, range, effect, and too much more to name)"
76561198277456821,Recommended,438490,33201444,Posted: 3 July,all,DarkProphecy,amazing game over 80 hours and im still not done or boredits definantly worth the money cause you get the first god eater game for freedont stop playing after the credits it keeps goingp.s. this review is mostly for the first god eater i havent even touched god eater 2 yeti recomend this game to anyone who want many hours of fun that they can spend with friends or alone as well as fans of the monster hunter franchise and anyone who enjoyed final fantasy explorers
76561198311044933,Recommended,438490,33170861,Posted: 2 July,all,paladinamith,"Great game all in all, I wish they worked a tad bit more on cutscene animations however with the story and gameplay I cannot complain at all."
76561198131091032,Recommended,438490,28270784,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,絶対 Tsukuyomi 支配者ー様,"Haven't been able to make much progress cus of the potato I'm working with, but what I have played, is amazing. Gameplay is solid, multiplayer is kinda empty at times though but its beautiful all the same.PS:Rachel has _no_ chill"
,Recommended,438490,25241584,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dusksirlink,"I will say this now, but I am biased.  God Eater is one of those games I have been looking for to replace Monster Hunter and it did exactly that and more.  The story is solid and the gameplay is fantastic.  The port (while locked at 60fps) is fantastic.  If you go into a mindset for outstanding graphics, you will be sorely disappointed since this is a port from PsP.  But I don't mind.  Its basically Monster Hunter with a story and waifus.  Buy it now.  It's a good game.  My only problem with it is the english dub.  I personally HATE playing japanese games with an english dub (with few exceptions, Metal Gear etc.).  My hope is that they patch in a Japanese dub and this would easily become a 10/10 for me.  If you're ok with mediocre voice acting, then like I said above buy it."
,Recommended,438490,25617522,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Battery3996,"To EVERYONEThis game...................How would i describe it? Well lets start with, dont think about getting it, JUST GET IT. The way the game is, well, its just amazing. If you played the first game then you will love this game. No one should ever have to think about getting this game. You should just simply buy it, play it, share with firends, and play it again. Altho i wouldnt rate this 8/10 or 9/10. It doesnt it even simply earn 10/10. In my book the way the game performs is just.........breaks the chart of 10/10. WIth the rating i want to rate its more than 10/10 there is no way to put it on that scale.from,Gamer, Streamer, and relaxed personP.S. Did i mention you should get the game. JUST DO IT, GET THE GAME AND PLAY!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,438490,25329495,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,<✲*◥*23*◤*✲>,GIVE ME GE3 NOW ;W;love this game~ 999/10 totally recommended and really done well !GEB or ressu is awesome enought but GE2RB is x10 AWESOME!
76561198135158586,Recommended,438490,26073411,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sabah is my City bro,sugoi
,Recommended,438490,28798883,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Voltedger,This game is pretty awesome sauce
76561198049426457,Recommended,438490,33027032,Posted: 30 June,all,Daeja,"""Didn’t I tell you to stay out of my line of fire??!""- Kanon Daiba"
,Recommended,438490,34971036,Posted: 15 September,all,❤ Levia~tan ❤,Solid gameplay
76561198318191896,Recommended,438490,25267675,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,✪Vanilla,"Good game, excellent graphicaddicting game10/10"
,Recommended,438490,33466997,Posted: 11 July,all,ProtoStep,(+)It's like monster hunter but more easier and more fast pacedit's fun with friendsget 1 free game (the remastered version of the first game)preety interesting story so far60 fps(-) there's no original japanese voices so kinda dissapointed (but there's an unofficial patch u can find on the internet)preety good
76561198338059951,Recommended,438490,26346995,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Enemy Spotted,bought the game full price.... 2 weeks later its on sale... ♥♥♥♥Tho good game 2 many hours in it 2 be honest.
,Recommended,438490,25580556,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Raytee,Grafics 6/10Controls 8/10Story 7/10Music 8/10
76561198019721864,Recommended,438490,26873864,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hollow_Knight,"If you're looking for a Monster Hunter experience on PC, this is probably the best option.  It's a little different: it plays faster and is more to do with your reaction speed than your tactical movement.In terms of extra features there's a plot which is very... anime, but not too bad.  I'd love a Japanese voice option but the English voice cast do a reasonable job.  There's also the fact you can have 3 AI buddies as your squadmates, they start out pretty OP and get steadily more useless as the difficulty increases.  Lastly, you don't need to pick between ranged and melee, your weapon doubles as both.Your mileage may vary, but if you like Monster Hunter, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,438490,25241687,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,HypeFree,Fun in the 3 hours I've had with it. If you were looking for a good alternative to Monster Hunter or wanted the Monster Hunter experience on PC then this is the game for you. The main differences for this are the combat is quicker than Monster Hunter and it is much more story oriented than Monster Hunter.
76561198066428276,Recommended,438490,25243652,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Grexxez,"Can't wait until people decide to start creating squads.Great game, though the voice acting can be a bit exagerated, it isn't cringe worthy. The more you play, the more you get sucked the game. Figure out your playing style and create your squad with the skills to accomodate it.8.5/10 solid game, totally worth a try."
,Recommended,438490,26505363,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AdmiralSnoopdog,Great
76561198106408938,Recommended,438490,26628725,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MyDarknessLifeDX,"nice graphic and game battle skill, i'm really happy because i can play on pc because now the past i play on psp and the monitor very small still enjoy paly it. Have fun time i game experience mate"
76561198099746411,Recommended,438490,32084681,Posted: 31 May,all,Incursio,Awesome Game! Recommend to players who likes a good story line!
76561198028249934,Recommended,438490,32205625,Posted: 5 June,all,Kronus\X/Orion,i love this game
76561198062745299,Recommended,438490,25275724,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Stormbreaker,"Pre-order skins are available in the store kiosk down the stairs in the first area. They are 100 each. Weird they make you pay twice, but they are cheaper then gear bonus parts so I think it's fair. Haven't had the time to invest, but I am certainly enticed so far."
76561198046239543,Recommended,438490,25277624,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Deadbeat Senpai,"It's God Eater. I played the original, can confirm, still God Eater. Not much to say, its a good port pf a good game...ALSO ITS GOD EATER. If you wanna know if its good, check its original score.All in all, worth picking up."
76561198034350231,Recommended,438490,25294271,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,†LK† Sheep,"Played for 5 minutes and already found a key binding bug that caused missing and unwanted actions if you rebinded WSAD.  Also, all the pre-order bonus are no where to be found...  Other than missing the Japanese voice, it is still a decent port compare to the likes from CAPCOOM.  Still worth trying sence Steam offers refund now."
,Recommended,438490,25242693,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Stray 嵐狼,"In a world where most games do not work on release for PC while being lazy ports, one comapny tries to break this cycle and they did. I Mean you can use controller and keyboard at the same time and which button you use it switches the control schemes on the fly and I like it."
76561198121882664,Recommended,438490,25242899,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Serious Smith,"I played the original God Eater Burst on the PSP and loved it. When I heard God Eater was getting a sequel on the PS Vita, I never thought the game would ever make it to the West... only to be proven wrong! And when I found out it was coming out on PC, I was especially elated!I did have my doubts though; Namco-Bandai's previous PC ports of some of their games, namely Dark Souls and Tales of Symphonia both launched with serious issues. I feared God Eater 2 and Ressurection might have met the same fate... Thankfully, this simply isn't the case with God Eater 2; this game is a SOLID port! It runs smoothly and looks great! The graphics are very crisp and the colors are very vibrant.HOWEVER, AND THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!!! If your computer is using an Nvidia Graphics Card, you will need to add this game to your Nvidia Control Panel's 3D Graphics settings list and make sure that the game's graphics are being powered by the Graphics Card and not the Integrated Graphics; when I first booted up the game, it ran at a framerate of 15FPS... Thankfully, once I added the game to the Nvidia Control Panel, the game runs at a normal 60FPS.As for gameplay, it's basically the same as the old God Eater for the PSP; combat is dynamic and quick, there's a ton of weapons customization and each weapon supports a different playstyle. However, if you're the kind of gamer that isn't a fan of games where you'll be doing a lot of grinding for materials to upgrade your gear, or if you're not crazy about the game's anime aesthetic, this isn't the game for you.However, if you're an old God Eater fan, or a fan of other games like this (Such as Monster Hunter or Warframe, even), a fan of anime or are just looking for something new, I recommend you give God Eater 2: Rage Burst a try! And hey, if you happen to like it, you also get God Eater: Resurrection, the HD Remake of God Eater Burst absolutely free! (That's another positive of this game too; you get two games for the price of one!)Until next time,Serious Smith"
,Recommended,438490,25307395,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ryutaro Seinryu,good game port.... the voice of professor funny lollove to have the japanese voice <3
76561198146139315,Recommended,438490,25297537,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,No Life K/Q,"Game handles well , even with just keyboard and mouse.The requirements not even that high.Also please....Kanon stop shooting me...thank you."
76561198072381104,Recommended,438490,25242673,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Don Cheeto,I... I waited so long for this game to be localized... and on Steam as a bonus! There is a god out there.
,Recommended,438490,33525613,Posted: 13 July,all,ChikujouinMagane,it wpuld be great if interface audio in japanese with english subtitle..
,Recommended,438490,25743642,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mackey Moose,This game takes whats in the first game and adds more. Great.
,Recommended,438490,27764948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jijakung,Great
76561198118068082,Recommended,438490,25327132,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ponchyn2008,This game its amazing.
,Recommended,438490,28281014,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Maho,"I have played god eater since the psp and I always say the same; ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ look at those monster boobs!"" and ""♥♥♥♥ing dub"".....I love GE but damn I truly hate the dub...If you are like me and cant stand the dub dont buy or play it until someone releases an undub patch...you lose so much of the experience with the awful voices in english..."
,Recommended,438490,25335569,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ayer,">Finish hunting aragami, go to get mats>Wonder where friend is>""GUUUAAAAAGGGH"">I was shot by said friend>Abandon any notion of gathering mats and switch to gun form>For the next 30 seconds try to shoot your friends and send them flying>Repeat for next 20 missionsThis game is great!"
76561198113410013,Recommended,438490,25246554,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kamina,I`ve fixed the issue. Now the game is be ablle to play. its good and nice
,Recommended,438490,25267910,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,CukyDoh,"Think a fast-paced Monster Hunter more focussed on combos and movement over pulling off single timed attacks and you're in the right ballpark. Similar out-of-battle gameplay with story, missions, crafting, abilities and such. Seems fairly polished so far, runs well and looks pretty good. I was originally disappointed about the lack of Japanese voices but the English voicework is pretty good I have to say! :)"
,Recommended,438490,25242306,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Yurionize,"Great port, keyboard and mouse control plays well, and denuvo doesn't hinder performance, even though I use AM1 Athlon netbook CPU."
76561198047382771,Recommended,438490,25272718,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Prof.Paradox,"For many years i tought this game was dead but then when i bought tales of zestiria i saw it the light a free dlc of god eater 2 then i saw the release date and i was like whyyy soo loong still, but it finaly is here now i remade sorey and gave him the code name shepard :p welp to bad the earings aren't in the free pre order dlc but hey whatever. this game is alot like monster hunter sadly online is divided per country however you can change that in steam at any time in belgium i only found like 4 ppl so far and i battle whit 3 of em and oen of em discconected miod match but i played it online these 2 new god eaters are easier then the god eater burst (psp) but it is still as fun you should buy it it plays fluently but i got this hub glitch becaus ei have a wide monitor which glthes the texture in the middle of the line can't rly explain in missions it doesn't do it just in the hub if you got your money back from no man sky buy this it's not that empty crap full of lies"
76561198137230332,Recommended,438490,26005437,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Coconut of Doom,"(Only logged in about two hours, but I normally always give a review after two hours. Ill be as honest as I can.)PROS:Funny charactersEngaging storylineLore-rich worldMusic? Eh. Ok I guess.Combat is funPlenty of crafting and upgrades for your weaponsNanaGilbertAwesome looking outfitsPrice is worth the two gamesTwo games in onePlenty of stuff to doSammichPlenty of playstylesCONS:N/A(I am experiencing my own issues with it, but I can resolve them myself, but as of right now it will affect my rating but that also means the rating is subject to change)9/10Sammich...mmmmm."
,Recommended,438490,25244042,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kon,"Monster Hunter and also a fan of the PsP game. For those that are wondering about the DLC costumes, you can find it in the store under the top/bottom tabs."
76561198041538289,Recommended,438490,25273245,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,★★☆Valflame☆★★,"For once a great port!The game runs smoothly, the story and the characters are interesting, the soundtrack is outstandingly good and the gameplay in itself is solid, even if the camera can get frustrating and takes some getting used to.It's definitely worth its price, and remember that by buying it you will get the first game of the series for free.This is must-buy for the fans of the Monster Hunter genre."
76561198070064065,Recommended,438490,30269483,Posted: 1 March,all,Lucario Eating a Pogo,"Totally worth it , bought it at 30 $ dolalrs so even more worth it xD"
,Recommended,438490,30270245,Posted: 1 March,all,【El Leo】,This game is so much fun i would say 10/10 but 69/420 is better i have had in about 3 days now and i have played Resureection for about 14 hours and its awesome
,Recommended,438490,25485075,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PastaPillows,"Youcouldcompare this game to Monster Hunter, when in reality this game and MonHun really only have one thing in common: you fight giant ♥♥♥♥-off monsters with giant ♥♥♥♥-off weapons. Otherwise, this game basically cuts out all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of Monster Hunter and focuses on almost hack-n-slash type combat when tussling with the big baddies. It's also a really good port, surprisingly enough!All of this said, if you dislike or hate anime, youwill notlike this game. You are surrounded by waifus, and if this (and also hunting giant ♥♥♥♥-off monsters) sounds like a concept that you would want to delve further into, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,438490,25245385,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,D-Burgundy,"There is a short version at the bottom of this for your convenience.I love God Eater as it is my favorite hunting game series and have played it on the Vita, but not in the crisp manner that the PC version allows. It is like Monster Hunter (MH) in the sense that it is in the same genre as a Action/Hunting game where you have a hub, no leveling, and you rely on skill, items and equipment upgrades to take out your enemies.  After that the differences come to play with the features that makes God Eater great for me.Gameplay:CombatThe combat in this game is very fast paced to other hunting games out there and it is even faster now that it is in 60fps.  Once you get more skills and hit end game, the game's pacing gets even faster.  Fights usually are short in comparison to MH and generally last somewhere between 5 - 10 minutes and even the tougher bosses don't take much longer.  You can jump, do air combos, dash back and forward on the ground and in the air, cancel animations, and switch between firearms and melee weapons like Dante from Devil May Cry.  There are slower clunky weapons like the boost hammer and buster blades for people that like to have that weight behind their swings too.-Bullet CustomizationOne of the best parts of the game that few utilize well.  You customize ammo for your guns for optimal damage, aesthetics, and whatever else you can think of.  You can even make the alphabet with shots if you're creative enough.-WeaponsYou have three parts to a weapon set at all times; your shield, gun, and melee weapon.  These consist of Great/Buster blade, Long Swords, Short Swords, Scythes, Hammers, and Spears, with some having additional aesthetic features like some buster blades being hammers or a sword being an axe.-Blood Artes/Rage/Bullets/Menstruation  (God Eater 2 exclusive) and Predator Styles (God Eater Resurrection Exclusive)These are pretty skills/abilities that make you go super saiyan, zip around crazy across the field and makes you feel like Dante from Devil May Cry while giving your character some unique flare to them.- UpgradesAdditional effects added to your character that pretty much happen when you equip them.  They can do things like make your character have more attack, run faster, increase burst mode duration, and a crap ton of other things.  Monster Hunter made me grind to hell and back to get skills not to mention getting the skills to a level in which their effects would matter.- Grinding/MaterialsThe game tells you where to get most of the materials for the most part.  You can look at rewards for each mission and look at the games database which tells you what rank you can find things at too.  Gathering materials does not require pickaxes, bug nets or fishing rods.  This game is no Harvest Moon.  You grab your materials from a blip on a mission, from breaking Aragami (the monsters) parts, and consuming them after you kill them.  Also, the drop rates and skills to increase drop rate in this game is extremely generous in comparison to other games that will leave you repeating missions ad nauseam. This game is about skipping the BS and jumping into the action.-AI partnersYou have AI partners you can use and customize to an extent in these games and they work pretty well with some AI being unreliable at times and others having unique quirks that meshes with their character. Avoid Sakuya in God Eater Resurrection as a healer though.  She's the black haired chick with a huge rack and is a medic who's AI doesn't really try to heal you unless you have like a sliver of health remaining. With that being said, the AI in these games are pretty darn solid.- DifficultyThe game's difficulty is just right.  It eases you in fairly well and picks up accordingly late game.  The top things off, you unlock more difficulty when you beat the game to crank things up to 99+ to test how good you really are for those who like a challenge.  Pretty much the equivalent of G-Rank for MH players.Everything Else:Story has you as the chosen one like every game with a character creator, but it is a nice apocalyptic setting with humanity on its last legs fighting back. The characters in the story are nice with some nice moments in between as well as some fun and cheesy banter.Also, there is plenty of under boob and lovely ladies for everyone as well as your pretty boys if you like those too.  I enjoy the casts of the games a lot.- Monster variety isn't too great so some may not like it, but the series isn't that old and pretty much all hunting games do palette swaps and such.- Length of the game is as long as you want it.  Both games are pretty darn long and should last several hundred hours.  Whether you get this now or later, there is plenty of content to justify a purchase.- Mission variety may be an issue/con for some that are coming from MH or other hunting games as this game is pretty much get out there and kill in an arcade style fashion.  You don't go slap a rock for and fish for 40 minutes.  You don't deliver eggs.  And you don't capture monsters.  Your job is to kill everything.  The missions do change up how you need to fight enemies however and their are survival missions too, so there is a bit of variety in that regard.--------------------------------Long story short, if you like fast paced Action games/hunting games where you jump straight into the action without much need to grind and don't mind the anime art style much, this game is for you.The PC port runs butter smooth and there are lots of boobs too."
,Recommended,438490,26953131,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shinnosuke,All Day destroying aragami with waifu
,Recommended,438490,27001072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xyz,8/10
,Recommended,438490,27001890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[TNS]starlord,great port of a psp game
,Recommended,438490,30435615,Posted: 10 March,all,Lag Master Swag Oliver Cromwell,"Best game in all of iran, sould recommed it to any one of my wives"
76561198103514499,Recommended,438490,31215983,Posted: 18 April,all,Kurogane,nice story overall. i've been playing this game since it was on PSP console
76561198033693641,Recommended,438490,29219256,Posted: 13 January,all,GangstaSexy,Looks like it's going to find food!
,Recommended,438490,25265777,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ceytin,"great game with tons to offer for its price point. comes bundled with god eater resurrection and both games together have hundreds of hours of content, anyone that is a fan of fast paced action combat with squad mechanics and hunting giant monsters that offer quite the challenge this is a must buy.the port is very well done for a vita game no graphical glitches, crashes, bugs of any kind and im about 12 hours into resurrection.as someone that has never played monster hunter or any games of this genre im enjoying it immensely deffinitely worth checking out if you have the funds.the english dub is quite good you can tell the va's put effort into their dialogue and it doesn't seem forced or lacking emotion while not as good as the japanesse voice overs it holds its own regardless.verdict: must own for fans of monster hunter type games, friendly to newcomers with amazing price tag for the content offered, well worth a buy."
76561198132058670,Recommended,438490,28115552,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vita,Nice Game
,Recommended,438490,28194570,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MikeHoncho,"If you ever played Monster Hunter, this game will scratch that itch. Slightly less frustrating so far, Less Material Grinding, More Fighting.  Will update if anything is different."
,Recommended,438490,25444361,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,Good game (sorry for bad english)
,Recommended,438490,25243348,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DjTittyMilk,"Why did you scroll pass the ""Add to Cart"" button to read this"
,Recommended,438490,33766005,Posted: 24 July,all,Camieux,"Played it on PSP(GE & GEB) and then on the PSVita(GE2RB &GER) and now on PCStill love itAlthough i would have liked to see a mod to increase graphic details since we're running it on a PC, lets be real here, gameplay is good but at least 2015 graphics would have given the game life7/10"
,Recommended,438490,28059999,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Angelic Angel,buy 1 get 1 :D
,Recommended,438490,28045025,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VanA,Very nice game
,Recommended,438490,28061204,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cheese Kimbap,BEST HACK AND SLASH GAME EVEER !
76561198130248329,Recommended,438490,25251958,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DarkSlayer2.0,"Great Port on PC, its better than PS4Dat Chi you aragami making combo Kicki almost died LOL"
76561198142568044,Recommended,438490,30314451,Posted: 4 March,all,_Type-H Yuuki`,This game is awesome ? ''Awesome''
,Recommended,438490,33141862,Posted: 2 July,all,SO3A,"This game isn't perfect. The graphics kind of suck, and the combat is only half there, but there's a certain charm to it that will keep you hooked. A major gripe I have with this game is that during most cutscenes, it almost seemed as if the people in charge of the score had no idea how to find a track appropriate for the scene, so there'll sometimes be an emotional moment between characters while glorious, blaring fanfares blast in the background, sometimes even covering up the audio. That being said, I still like it. I would suggest getting it on sale, then saving it for a rainy day."
,Recommended,438490,25242514,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,XDDDD,"Need help... my screen goes black and after that only the cursor appears. The sound of the game is still on and i can hear the selection sound but my screen is black.. please need help, i really want to play this game in my pc"
76561198076920676,Recommended,438490,25267147,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Raven Snow,This port is very smooth and the music and gameplay is awesome!
,Recommended,438490,33655166,Posted: 19 July,all,Oz,i just falling in love with this game ♥♥
76561198044152769,Recommended,438490,26677355,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cain,"God Eater 1 aka God Eater ResurrectionPros- Good story lasting 3 arcs with a length of 40 hrs- Lots of content- Good soundtrack- The English VA is actually good with some very few exceptions- Good and fast gameplay- Graphics are good for a psp/vita game- Bullet Customization is great if you learn to use itCons- Can be very repetitive, the entire game resumes on killing monsters on a small area and crafting stuff- Only 6 maps or so- The camera can get messy- The AI is braindead, it's only a real issue on the post-game missions .- Too Easy- Bullet Customization is poorly explained- No Japanese VA-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------God Eater 2 Rage BurstPros- Lots of Content- Blood System improves the combat a lot- Rage Burst is great- More map variation- More Customization- More enemy Variation- Good Soundtrack- Better Cutscenes- Harder and more BalancedCons- Can be very repetitive, the entire game resumes on killing monsters on a small area and crafting stuff- The exact 6 maps are back- Camera still messy- The English VA is terrible with some very few exceptions- The Story is not bad just fairly mediocre- Some Characters are very annoying, maybe it's thanks to the terrible VA work- No Japanese VAI had a lot of fun with both games, they are FAR from perfect but still quite fun if you like Monster Hunter type of games."
,Recommended,438490,29178383,Posted: 11 January,all,Shubaitsu,1000/10 to see more bewbies
76561198189346451,Recommended,438490,31764771,Posted: 15 May,all,Joker,Played GOD EATER BURST on my PSPNow playing GOD EATER 2 RAGE BURST on my PC10/10
,Recommended,438490,34398544,Posted: 21 August,all,jdblood41,fun to play and has a good story but it's combat is kind of boring
76561198054761791,Recommended,438490,34021473,Posted: 4 August,all,Visard,"great game, good story and combat plus beautiful ladies."
,Recommended,438490,26364284,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,AnyaGlee,"Love the GOD EATER games, been playing for about 5 years now, and as it turns out, you can get both RESURRECTION and RAGE BURST by buying RAGE BURST on here, an awesome deal! There are a few problems though, framerate at times (but it might be my problem because I keep the settings maxed)and the music in GE2RB. It cuts out after a few minutes and, I know, I can just mess with my settings to fix it but meh. The tracks are the first ones on these levels: City of Mercy, Wailing Planes, Forgotten Carrier, Sunken Grid, Infernal Subway, and Aegis. I mostly listed them for BANDI NAMCO, so if you guys see this, please fix it, or tell us why you can't fix it, thanks! :) Anyway, I say: yes, check it out, but watch videos on youtube first, I know it's not everyone's cup of tea, but otherwise, it rocks."
,Recommended,438490,26365703,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Django,"SUPER GOOD ""FAST PACED"" MONSTER HUNTER. LOTS OF VARIETY WITH MANY WEAPONS/BLOODARTS TO KEEP YOU PLAYING VERY VERY FUN"
76561198173737903,Recommended,438490,25272899,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,dismal_inferno,"I like big swords, and I cannot lie!"
76561198108318193,Recommended,438490,29108317,Posted: 7 January,all,PerkaSet,"Pretty decent game, its basically a simple version of monster hunter with less variety in gear but the combat is more fast-paced. There's more story and actual characters though which is a plus. Not that fun with friends though since it doesnt feel like it involves much teamwork. I recommened getting it on ps vita though since its pretty fun in short sessions."
,Recommended,438490,29110655,Posted: 8 January,all,Esper,Positive :+Nice story+Long story+Alise waifu materialNegative :-Dead waifu-No players at server-Still 1.00?
76561198329739527,Recommended,438490,29120824,Posted: 8 January,all,Mikoto Misaka,Best game ever 10/10.
,Recommended,438490,29112078,Posted: 8 January,all,Hakuryuu,its very awesome game and i love the fighting mechanic in this game    thumbs up
76561198129168961,Recommended,438490,26425868,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dastrada,really nice game if it have a score i give it 10/10
,Recommended,438490,30237021,Posted: 28 February,all,Turtle,5/5 would stop the end of the world by staging a concert to create a second end of the world so they could kamehameha beam struggle with each other in perpetuity again
76561198140868723,Recommended,438490,31424265,Posted: 28 April,all,Vladek,"Incredibly fun gameplay. Basically Monster Hunter, but faster, anime-style and with a story. The characters are funny and more interesting than I expected. The different kinds of weapons all allow for various playstyles. Recommend."
76561198078464555,Recommended,438490,31467952,Posted: 30 April,all,ChronoSheep,"Very good game! Awsome Anime graphics, equipment system and stories. For people who love fast pace Hack'n Slash I would totally recommend it. Especially those who like Anime.Co-Op makes it even more fun :D"
76561198401727505,Recommended,438490,33775173,Posted: 24 July,all,Diadema,Game I ever dreamed of
,Recommended,438490,26055726,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Adi Kurnia,"Everything war perfect except Kanon's AIshe's often knock me back with her FF, she's just trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥me offdo not bring her with you, except if you masochist"
76561198256461319,Recommended,438490,26080010,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chimera Tsumugi,One of the best game ever :D with great story and gameplay.it will be better if there's a japanese dub .
,Recommended,438490,26108109,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,EmptyE,It's the best anime I've ever played.
,Recommended,438490,26057844,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MemeLord,"TL;DR I'd recommend this game to people that enjoy or are simply interested in the Monster Hunter genreFirst a few notable pros and cons for this game...PROs:60fps, thank godIt has a pretty decent story for a MonHun-esque gameThe combat is great, think a faster monster hunterBullet editor is great, can make very flashy bullets or extremely OP bullets that wreck aragamiWhilst older than Resurrection, the melee combat is much more refined and no longer lags too far behind gun buildsYou can have jolly co-operation throughout the whole main storyPretty decent 'Fashion Hunter' for people who like the anime styleCONs:Multiplayer is pretty hit and miss if you're trying to connect to someone with a bad connection or your connection is badAt times story can get a bit cheesyif you can't stand games with an anime aesthetic, too bad this game has anime painted all over it, from massive weapons, to obligatory moe charactersSome aesthetics were cut from the JP version, namely Gintama outfits and hairstyles, personally i didn't care much.Small bugs such as in game music resetting or stopping for no reason, not game breaking but can be annoyingMission variety can get pretty tedious since it's always 'kill x monster', then again it is a hunting gameOverall it's a great game for people that like or are interested in Monster Hunter-esque games, while there are a few iffy spots such as dodgy multiplayer when connecting to people that aren't in your country, it's fun and has some pretty good replay value especially with the bullet editor."
,Recommended,438490,26129664,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Alfred,Good game
76561198079791509,Recommended,438490,26133352,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,KKtelo,Great game for those who love mh style games and also for people who are previous god hunter fans :D
76561198251080804,Recommended,438490,26125682,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,†'故夢,GOD eater series must buy!
,Recommended,438490,25244087,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ASO.tinitingle,good port. good game. better animations than ressurection
76561198286743740,Recommended,438490,33501564,Posted: 13 July,all,PenanceBlade93,"A bit repetitive, since you don't get many areas, but it has fun, fast-paced combat."
,Recommended,438490,26042306,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,IzzaNizza,A great game with addictive gameplay and godlike difficulty sometimes with a godlike stats (just exaggerated)For God Eater 2 Rage BurstPros+ A great game why not+ decent story with memorable characters+ Kanon sadistically loves me+ 60fps gameplay alrightCons- the music background didn't loop or the volumes is just too low despite maxed in the options- graphics improvement a bit lacking but hey they did give 60fps fluidity- not sure if there is more consFor ResurrectionPros+ great story (did i just shed a manly tears for poor Tatsumi?)+ atleast one unique skills (Devour ability) to make up for the lack of blood artsCons- inferior graphics compared to PS4 version (lacking Tessellation and improvement in texture quality compared to PS4 version) <-- this one i meant it seriously- Eric dies terribly than his epic death in the anime+-? Hibari treated Tatsumi poorly (i guess)Not much of a reviews but i stressed the first cons because the PS4 version of Resurrection is much better in terms of Tessellation texture as well as its quality compared to PC which i feel annoyed with [Triggered]. Namco Bandai/Shift need to improve the texture quality of both PC version of the games.
,Recommended,438490,28232308,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wing0Zero,"One of my favourite games on the psp, and now its on the PC HELL YA ."
,Recommended,438490,27324636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beefchief,If you like monster hunter but wou wish it had a bunch of waifu's then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,438490,30984156,Posted: 6 April,all,Aya Shameimaru,"Now i can got Waifu Material, after i dnt have any in GE 1"
,Not Recommended,438490,29730864,Posted: 5 February,all,MTLxSpider @CanadaCup,"A game i would recommend people to play if they think Monster Hunter is too hard for them and wants to follow a story while playing.but the Port is pretty bad. so you guys should play on the playstation version instead.Many bugs are in the game- Music/Audio plays during cutscene even though it was set to NO sound.- Audio very loud, barely hear Character and aragami voices. Radio Support is SUPER LOUD. even if set to low.- Knockback is longer than the PS version which is kind of annoying if you wanna stay close of the enemies.- Stun and paralyze time is VERY SHORT. you barelly have time to deal some damage before it wakes up again unlike PS version.- Graphic particle glitches where the graphic dont appear on screen. you can notice it if you go to Bullet customization and test your bullet at max range. the blackwall at the end hides the bullet effects. Very annoying in many stages. makes some aragami projectile invisible sometimes.- Cant move in mission while start menu is Open but can in PS version. Thats pretty annoying if you wanna run while looking at the full map.- Commands/items cannot dash jump or dodge when that menu is open. unlike PS version.- Online is REGION LOCKED. so if you wanna netplay someone from outside your region you have to manually change it yourself. netplay is pretty bad also compared to PS.theres probably more bugs in the game. but nonetheless i will still play. but not as much as the playstation version which is a better build than PC.Namco better fix these bugs."
,Not Recommended,438490,33550969,Posted: 14 July,all,sinus,"After reading the amount of reviews in this game, (especially the one from ♋️LunarCainEX🐶) I can safely assume that this port is a hell of a mess and the developers ain't even bother trying to fix their games.I purchased the game just to see if the game mechanics is similar to Monster Hunter, which is one of my favourite RPG game in the PSP & 3DS. Turns out that it's not what I've expected, and the game itself is too bland & boring.One of the game's biggest sin is that they did NOT include the option for us to have Japanese voices in this game, despite the fact that the game's Publisher is from BANDAI. Therefore, refund has been issued."
,Recommended,438490,25238873,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Shlappy,"Good port so far, no problems on my end. Runs smooth, constant 60FPS, no crashes."
,Not Recommended,438490,29288215,Posted: 15 January,all,Jack Reaver,"(RB) = Rage Burst      (R) = Resurrection     (Both) = Self ExplanitoryAfter finishing God Eater Ressurection and now probably soon to beat Rage Burst I see a common problem (Now finished). The guys who programmed this kept ♥♥♥♥ing STALLING. They put meaningless missions in places that were no appropriate just to elongate the playtime. It's ♥♥♥♥ing tedious. Seriously they've put enough of these boring meaningless missions in to make my playtime what it is and they continue to do that even when they ruin the mood because you're suppose to be saving someone not ♥♥♥♥ing around with basic enemies. (Both)They even do it on the actual story missions the further you get and will put you on those multi-stage missions that originally were special sidequests. So not only do you have to go through these tedious garbage sidequests charading as Story mission, but you've also got to do that while you are actually on the actual Story mission. (RB)Also as far as the protagonist voice actors goes the to quantity over quality. I would have prefered at most 5 good voices for each sex that actually sound good and speak during cutscenes then these 40 or so voices where a big chunk are unappealing shlock with a few good ones and leave the protagonist awkwardly staring at people during cutscenes since they didn't have the budget. There are a few times the protagonist does actually manage to speak but it's bare bones and really off putting with how badly the voice is sinked to the mouth.  (Both)You can't even say your character is mute he's just socially awkward and just stares at people awkwardly, it's a wonder how everyone can like him. (Both)Speaking of forced relationships how about our main character being forced friends with Julius and Romeo. Honestly didn't like them very much even though they are the first characters the protagonist meets. Romeo is an annoying prick and Julius is Julius. I mean my favorite piece of dialogue from Romeo was ""All I did was ask him where he was transferring from! Then he just hauled off and slugged me!"" when they introduced an actual character I liked and then proceeded to die from lack of oxygen.Can anyone remind me why everyone really likes Julius by the way? I mean seriously it's not that he's a terrible character it's just that I don't recall him doing anything that would cause everyone in the Far East to moisten in his presence. Seriously I don't remember him doing anything that made him likeable in the way Blood Unit sees him.The English Dialogue sometimes doesn't even match what the text is saying and that sometimes turns to always when it comes to after mission abilities. (RB)The plot in these games is way to obvious, you can predict the story before it even happens in some situations. The game is also uncomfortably extended near the end to make more playtime AGAIN. (Both)The combat is fine but there is a big problem with artificial difficulty, you know making it difficult by doing nothing but increasing enemy damage numbers and decreasing yours, it's in both but in RB it is a lot worst. Fair and rewarding combat, ♥♥♥♥ that the players can deal with potentially being taken out with 3 unblocked shots (or even two) or a few several hit attacks so they essentially do just as much damage as normal one without blocking. (Both but BR is much worse about it)The biggest redeaming factor are the actual characters that aren't Julius and Romeo, since they actually are really fun characters if not sometimes hyperbolic. I love to give the good ol' Emil a slug, stalk a man?/woman? in a giant bunny costume that gives me flashbacks to Danganronpa, and not drink with Gil because for some reason the Far East are real concerned about underage drinking.""Oh it's fine ♥♥♥♥in' toss the ♥♥♥♥er out there and make 'em fight spooky god monsters but keep 'em away from the beers or else we won't have enough to give our mighty god Lindow.""All in all it's a fine game but lots tedious♥♥♥♥♥♥really makes it really hard to like it. Honestly Thumb is going sideways if steam would ♥♥♥♥ing add something we wanted for once.Anyways the biggest complaint I've got, this entire game seems like Quantity over Quality, I'm not down with that. (Both)Oh forgot to mention multiplayer system is completed♥♥♥♥♥ (Both)RIP Eric"
,Recommended,438490,26139911,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cybero,Great game i enjoy the story and the charactersMonster hunter is better tho7/10i dont want to make a long review
76561198035391503,Recommended,438490,25304665,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lagrie,"Love anime?Love MH style games?Love Jrpgs?Hell, love japan?Get this. Its great, 60 fps. not the best but pretty graphics.Art style is on point !Tons of content.2 games in one. GER and GE2RB.You can play offline !!!!con:but there seems to be a bug, they use one drm for both games.Meaning, when you verified one game, you will be able to play that one game offline.But when you want to play the other one, you will need to go online ones more to activate it again.sorry for that bad english.DEFY ALL GODS !!!"
,Recommended,438490,28634992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sakata Yoga,hunting monsters with your waifu.10/10 needs japanese dub
,Recommended,438490,31289400,Posted: 21 April,all,jansentong,"The game is okay but it's too repetitive, very limited amount of monsters to fight.I thought it was a good monster hunter replacement but so far, its a so-so experience.If you're looking for an easier monster hunter game, then please buy this if it's on sale :)"
,Recommended,438490,30869208,Posted: 31 March,all,Credence,this game is awesome affffffffffff
76561198044646961,Recommended,438490,25409102,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ebon Wolf,"Disclaimer: This title uses Denuvo so if you're against DRM, stay away. I haven't had any problems with it myself but if you don't want to support it, don't buy this game.Be warned. These two games may have stories but the gameplay loop always revolves around ""Prep for mission, enter area, hunt down, kill boss like monster(s), upgrade your character, repeat."" There aren't any gathering missions like MH. Just straight to the action. Because of this, you will see the same creatures with varying element types which means you'll need to use yout right weapons and bullets to be effective. Teammate AI can sometimes feel a bit OP just because of how useful they are. This feels like a game where you weren't meant to be a loner and to be honest, you already start off pretty powerful (later enemies can still 1,2,or 3 hit KO you but you never feel completely outmatched).The Aragami themselves have varying moves and while they do have some patterns, some aren't very easy to read. You can do well one fight but then possible get wrecked in another. Targeting weakpoints is key or else you will be hitting the creature all day and doing garbage damage. The impact when you break off a piece of its armor or get a knockdown feels so good, mostly with heavy weapons like the Buster Sword, Hammer, or Sniper. The monster will use the environment to run away which will lead to you having to track it down and keep it from replenishing health. Since there are no loadtimes in the stage, finding the monster is far less tedious.There are a lot of mechanics and potential builds in this game. Each weapon has it's on special attack and all share the light and ""heavy"" combo type button skim. Some mechanics they mention once or never which can leave some out of the loop. Things like Stealth, Combo cancels, dash cancels, infinites, guard parries/perfect blocks, a certain skill can even give you a double jump. Skills play in tandem with weapons which can give you more attack damage, decreased stamina usage, faster Oracle (basically bullet ammo) recharge, decreased damage from specific attack types, etc. Skills can even be combined for something new!Predator styles from Ressurection are fun as they add a buff of your choosing ontop of giving you an additional attack. Predator styles don't return in Rage Burst but they are replaced by the in-depth and almost overwhelming bullet customization system. On the surface the game may seem relative simple and getting into shouldn't be hard if you're used to the genre BUT the games has many hidden depths. 20 hours in Ressurection and I was still learning new♥♥♥♥♥♥ Goes double for Rage Burst 2 on PS4. There is also some sort of relationship building system with teammates but I don't know if it goes anywhere. You get fun little cutscenes though.You may like one weapon but could fall in love with a totally different type. There's tons of freedom in how you want to build your character. Since defense is governed by skills and your shield, the games go full out on fashion. You won't be wearing any armor but you have plenty of clothing options to choose from. If that's that's your thing. Character customization is simple though. Hair and color types, eye color/types, accessories, and voice type. This isn't Mass Effect level but it'll do.As far as story, there are a few twists as well as some standard anime cliches. What makes it interesting is the world its set in and a lot of the characters are geniunely likable. Despite being dubbed, I think a lot of the VAs did a good job. It would nice if there was an option for a sub but what we got isn't bad at all.Visually the game is a clear port. Compared to the PSVITA version it looks great but it being a port, it still shows its age in the environments and general textures. If you can, I reccomend playing at 4k to help touch up some textures. Character models are the most standout with moving hair, boob physics, and just generally look really good compared to the environments. Port wise it has most of the options you need and will run well on a potato. There is a 60fps lock however.This game has a lot to offer with a ton of content and while it follows a similar path as Monster Hunter, it is its own game with its own depth. There are things I haven't covered as well. It may be blasphemous to some, but if Monster Hunter was Dark Souls, God Eater would be Bloodborne/Ni-Oh.I don't like scores and I won't use one but if you read any of this and are interested, I give it a full reccomendation."
,Recommended,438490,25259030,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jesus on a Bagel,"Monster Hunter with less BS. And ""Plot"""
,Recommended,438490,25280647,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kanjimaru,"Bandai's verson of monster hunter since nintendo and capcom won't share :(want a game that lets you kill BIG GUYS! and make weapons out of BIG GUYS! and carry BIG SWORDS! that can switch to BIG GUNS!, Do you want to eat a BIG GUY! in the name of Harambe then get your wallets out and your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cause it is time for you to spend that $50 and Create your Waifu/Husbando and send them out to save Earth for Harambe."
76561198138745921,Recommended,438490,25247528,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bear,11/10
,Recommended,438490,28022476,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SAYONARA,discount ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197998523702,Recommended,438490,29757439,Posted: 7 February,all,GReddy,Bandai games never let me down.
,Recommended,438490,25375159,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GiLDED,"Crafted myself the Tailblade Suzaka Longblade, Kongou Cannon Shotgun, Koukei Armor Shield, Slasher Control Unit, and Impact Armor Upgrade with Sonic Caliber Blood Art.My skills are All Out Attack lv10, B Combo Master lv10, Oracle Absorption lv10, Survival Instict lv10, Steps Master lv10, Melee ATK lv10, B Stamina Auto-Rec lv4, and DEF lv4.Not bad for ~4 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,438490,33332682,Posted: 6 July,all,Yukikaze Kujo,"Well i already played on psp, but still good thohope i can transfer my savedata on psp"
76561198132632147,Recommended,438490,25249564,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Deadpool,100/10
76561198133274641,Recommended,438490,30193798,Posted: 26 February,all,Caramel Heaven,Just perfect when we together fighting against aragami  (´｡• ᵕ •｡`) ♡10/10 aragami ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,438490,25340242,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,subarashii supeedo,The weeb version of Monster Hunter.I played this on the PSP. ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Recommended,438490,25241768,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,angelice,Good game + good port.
76561198277301850,Recommended,438490,32382163,Posted: 12 June,all,VG4z,"One of the best JRPG that I have ever played. HD Graphics, new gameplay's system, and base on co-op tactics.There are some difference between the PSVITA ver. with the PC ver.1. DLC = suppose to have Gintama + Shinpachi costume (Male) and Kagura costume (Female) but there are nothing in the game.2. NPC/AI : The NPC that I usually play have like unusual patterns (move around, just do nothing even the enemy is right in front, or when scout the enemy).Hope STEAM release the JP voice because it's better that way rather than the ENG voice."
,Recommended,438490,30296950,Posted: 3 March,all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,My mom loves me
,Recommended,438490,30562983,Posted: 16 March,all,Disappointment,Best Game 10/10
76561198157250502,Recommended,438490,25247100,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vitamine C,God Eater 2 MAKE MY WAIFU GREAT AGAINjust for u Anime lover >o<
,Recommended,438490,25239605,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mitsarugi,"Loved the Games back on PSP , loved the Anime and Loving to be able to play it on PC now,If you like Monster Hunter you will like this game ;)"
76561198158125034,Recommended,438490,25241488,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Azure,This game is god.Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,438490,25241728,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Star64,Has Nep voice for females.Approved.
,Recommended,438490,25263566,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Whore Feelings,Once you find people to play with this can hold you over until Monhun comes to PC....
76561198287230537,Recommended,438490,30994904,Posted: 7 April,all,NateFury,<3
76561198131822807,Recommended,438490,26335158,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zee,This game is really worth it!
76561198126086427,Recommended,438490,30898938,Posted: 2 April,all,Crepug,Awsome game
,Recommended,438490,25247193,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aaricia,Great game (and very deep). Also great port - 60 FPS (and more! people playing 4K@144 Hz). Game running sup smooth without any problems.
,Recommended,438490,33030663,Posted: 30 June,all,ReMikki,ntaps ;vb
,Recommended,438490,25241032,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,heavy makeup,Both games run easily at 4k/60fps. Great port. Will update with new discoveries.
,Recommended,438490,28091881,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NΣΣT_Mos,GREAT GAME 10/10
76561198150799387,Recommended,438490,25474621,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bumbabee,lels
,Recommended,438490,26581433,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ことりちゃん,"Chule no jppei yin zhiwai qita de douhaihaozhong,yingwei jiemian  juqingkuai budong xiang dangcaodan,zongti lai shuochule yinpei he jiemian ,qita de dou hai keyi,shizaibuxing geige riban jiemian a!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,438490,25260513,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,AuDiv,"Monsters (Aragamis), checkedCool Costumes, checkedCrafting System, checkedDifferent Combat Styles, checkedSpecial Skills for each Different Combat Styles, checkedCool DLC Costumes, checkedwhat else? this game is good"
,Recommended,438490,25294580,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SetsuraShiina,so much fun ♥ ~ ♥
76561198130719727,Recommended,438490,25278598,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Reaperst,just buy it it will make your life better
,Recommended,438490,25278812,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rear Admiral Big Booty,"These games are in the same genre as the Monster Hunter series, but the gameplay is much faster and less grindy. The two included games have similar features so I recommend you start with the included God Eater Resurrection, as that is where the long, rich story starts. This is also an excellent port, 60fps, borderless windowed mode, etc."
,Recommended,438490,26561384,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,プルル,so.. you buy 1 gameyou get 2 gamesand get the benefit of 3 games.. yes.. you don't have to buy senran kaguraScreenshoot
,Recommended,438490,25261963,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rs168,The only $40 game that run at 60fps on my laptop
76561198040333156,Recommended,438490,25814039,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WTF IS THIS?,2 games in one.there is at least 100 hours of story content.
,Recommended,438490,25243485,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,U wot m8,"This is my own opinion and I do and have for a long time fully suppored the GE series regardless of what I may critique it for, and to prove it I HAVE BOUGHT THE GAME Y'ALL SMARTARSES OUT THERE.*UPDATE*For those who find the game to be black screening on startup go to:[C:\Users\ (Username) \AppData\Local\BANDAI NAMCO GAMES\GOD EATER RESURRECTION\config.ini]open up the config file and change your screen settings to either borderless (1) or windowed (0). I would also recommend turning down the graphics options as well since GER has everything maxed by defaultNow Onwards!First note, I am extremely happy that the GE has finally made a full NA release. I absolutely loved playing GEB on the psp years and years ago but when GE2 was never released in NA all I could do was wipe my tears. It was HYPE when they announced GER and GERB on Steam. However, like all games there are pros and cons but while I may go complete savage on some things here, I do fully recommend this game for its great music and a pretty good story (imo).General Review:Before I go savage on this game, it would be wrong of me to not give the game a fair review based on its performance. However, everything I am talking about is for GER, NOT GERB (I am playing in order). I might update this later when I do get around to GERB but dont expect that for a LONNNNGGG time. Cheers.*I will be referencing GEB (God Eater Burst on the PSP) quite a bit since I do believe it to be a fair comparison against GER since it is the original NA release*Graphics:Oh boy, compared to those days on the PSP where you could count the pixels on your character, GER is a blessing in terms of graphics. They've switched the character textures (compared to GEB) over to something more similar to the anime but every once in a while you see some really weird shadowing going on during cutscenes.In terms of settings, I really appreciate how they gave us PC specific settings such as AA, Anisotropic Filtering, V-Sync, Refresh rates, etc, compared to guys like IF whom in their Neptunia/Mugen Souls ports that dont give you that flexibility.Overall, graphics are great and the game runs very smoothly. (I am running a GTX1060 but even if you have to turn down some settings to accomodate your own specs I don't forsee any major problems.)Controls:Keyboard+Mouse controls are pretty intuitive for the most part and are (almost) fully remappable. You get a nice set of camera sensitivity sliders and options for camera resetting. Theres also nice options to help facilitate sword/gun switching and in particular I quite enjoy the option where the aiming crosshairs automatically pop-up when you switch to gun mode.Quick note though: most of the menus can ONLY be navigated with either kbd arrow buttons or controller d-pad which makes it a little annoying.Also, especially for controller users, because weapon mode switching and sprint are bound to the same button you might have to take some time to get your fingers used to hitting your bumper (or trigger if you're like me and hate clicking bumpers) so that you dont get stuck in a pitiful weapon swap loop every time you try to chase an enemy down.Character Customization:When compared to GEB's limited options, GER is a haven of chara customizaton.There are many many hair, eye, face options and you get RGB colouring for your hair too! Skin tone isnt just some sloppy palette but you can actually pick a skin tone similar to an RGB tool. Voices for your character are...well... standard from what you would expect of a ported/dubbed game, nothing really that bad, but also nothing great at the same time. An interesting change from GEB however, is the removal of clothing/costume choice which made sense since you could craft all uniforms anyway regardless of what starting uniform you chose. In lieu of removing that option, you now get a whole slew of accesssory options (both hair and face)!Cool Additions (compared to GEB):GE2 Weapons are available in GER! Im finding the scythe pretty fun although the lance and hammer are pretty nice too. I used to main short swords but its nice to get a change of pace.Music:This section isn't really needed but a few random notes.GO SHIINA F**K YEAAAAAA. (commences eargasms)Random point: ""No Way Back"" plays really, and I mean REALLY early in the game and it irks me just ever so much since ""No Way Back"" is supposed to be the climax song for a super awesome boss fight....jussayinFun Fact: ""Over the Clouds"" has been re-remixed to something reminiscent of the ""Burst Mix"" version from GEB but kind-of-not-really the same. Personally I prefer the Burst Mix ver. but thats just me. Also, the intro video is also kind of reminiscent of the GEB version but it is also noticably longer and again I also like the OG GEB version more.Conclusion-ish:So overall, GER (and probably GERB as well) is a pretty well done port compared to some of those disasters out there. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to relive those good old God Eater Burst days or anyone who's looking for a good ""MonHun"" esque game on the pc that you can play with your friends. Plus, you get two games for the price of one, whats to lose?WARNING: MASSIVE SAVAGE INCOMING - NOBODY is required to read past this point as it is just me ranting about all the stuff I just found SO SO WRONG. I do not intend to offend or offput anyone and as I have said, this is a personal rant that you can feel free to agree or disagree with.1. OH MY GOD PAYLOR SAKAKI SOUNDS LIKE A DYING FROG. WHO'S IDEA WAS IT TO DO THIS?????? I'm not really sure what was going on through the developer's heads but if they had even taken a either GEB or the anime, they would realize that Paylor Sakaki should NOT sound like a high school science teacher that EVERYONE HATES. Side note: the voice actor for Paylor is the same guy who voice acted the NA dubs of Shinji from evangelion and Rolo from Code:Geass, both are characters I personally consider to be INCREDIBLY ANNOYING regardless of how redeemable they are. Kudos Bandai, you've done us dirty.2. This is gonna get a bit weeb, I'll admit it. BITE ME. I've just never understood why NA voice actors can't pronounce names at least similarly to how they are pronounced in japanese. Personally it just breakes the immersion and when you butcher a name like ""sakaki"" from (Sah-kah-key) to (suh-kahki), you get no mercy whatsoever. Also, if any of you caught the ""Fenrur""...HOW DO  YOU EVEN DO THAT. EVEN IN ENGLISH YOU WOULD PRONOUNCE IT FENRIR (like fen-rear) HOW DO YOU MESS UP SO HARD?????Side Note: WHY CANT PAYLOR PRONOUNCE ANYTHING PROPERLY (including Johannes..that just pisses me off so much)3. The way that they try to rewrite the script so that its ""relatable"" and more similar to NA culture is just such a horrible choice imo. There are times when it's ok to do so, and times when it just makes the game so weird. GOD EATER IS SET IN JAPAN, DONT TRY TO AMERICANIZE IT. I do understand the sentiment of not wanting to do a direct translation and add some flair into it to make it ""personalized"" for NA but there are times when you just NO TOUCH. Notwithstanding some pretty horrible mispronunciations in GEB itself, GEB had a pretty good portrayal of character and just for one example, SOMA ISN'T NEARLY ""0 ♥♥♥♥♥ GIVEN"" ENOUGH. WHY DOES HE TALK SO MUCH. THEY DIDNT EVEN CHANGE THE VA DAMMIT. Point is, there are times when changing dialogue to fit the audience is required, and there are times (LIKE CONSIDERING THE SETTING OF THE GAME) where  you just DONT. Really though, a lot of the voice acting is overlookable once you come face to face with Paylor Sakaki...I really do appologize if I've offended anyone with my ranting but thank-you if you undertand why I am so frustrated with these issues."
76561198037153318,Recommended,438490,25261541,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Krieg,Pros:-1080p 60fps-Fast action gameplay-Good story-Waifus? go nuts! we got em.-Two games for the price of one.(I suggest starting with GE:R before starting GE2:RB unless you've already played the first game)Cons:-No Japanese VA atm.-Online sorta disconnects you for no reason at random times. (at least for me)----Other:-Already have GE:R on vita and i dont mind getting GE2:RB on it. (on-the-go gaming)-Runs fine on my system.-Graphics are fine (at least for me) but this is a review so ill give it a fair 6.5/10. It's not the best looking game but its up to you to decide.-If you dont mind the anime-style graphics and want a solid monster hunting game i highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,438490,25242601,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,A2-,4 hours and I'm rating it 10/10Good port. GOD I LOVE THIS GAMECOMBAT : 10/10Graphics: 8/10Voice acting: 8/10I can't find the tokyo ghoul pre-order bonus tho I only found SAO and TOZ DLC PLS FIX Ty
76561198119284025,Not Recommended,438490,26742057,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,r3tr0grade,"I like the art style and gameplay, though some of the missions can be quite easy. I have a feeling that's because I've only scratched the surface of what's there though (I have two characters, the highest I've put about four hours into.)What really drives me insane about this game though is the multiplayer, it's attached to your Steam download region and will only matchmake with people in that region looking for a game at the same time as you. People have taken to organizing squads outside of the game via discord, but to me that's so much effort. I was hoping that you could matchmake with randos in the same vein as Destiny or The Division. I understand that it was a PSP game, but you would think they'd fix that before releasing on Steam. I doubt the PS4 version has the same issue."
76561198169046885,Recommended,438490,30277605,Posted: 2 March,all,RX Shin,Like+ the gameplay+ the graphics+ the characters+ the story+ the costumization of thr equipments+ the creating your own statsDislike- some bugs in multiplayer mode when the msiion is end- the import of save data from resurrection to rage burst are not workingScore: 8/10
,Recommended,438490,25282500,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Coolez,"Why are you here reading this? Go buy this game already!(I've waited for this game for years. And I'm not disappointed, not even the slightest)."
,Recommended,438490,26314168,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,princepyre,Its soo good i almost forgot to breathe.
76561198147941866,Recommended,438490,30505868,Posted: 14 March,all,IM西瓜m3lon+,<3
76561198328435926,Recommended,438490,33602910,Posted: 17 July,all,"Tapris, Chisaki貘",Nice Game
,Recommended,438490,33672848,Posted: 20 July,all,Dark Souls,This game recommended too SAO fan....
76561198023376698,Recommended,438490,25273195,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,micky1311,goood game.
,Recommended,438490,31357977,Posted: 25 April,all,Boom;Karrot,"An awesome game with BEAUTIFUL soundtrack, trust me."
76561198167254424,Recommended,438490,33765575,Posted: 24 July,all,腾小飞,we need chinese
,Recommended,438490,34995964,Posted: 16 September,all,Ayase,Woooo Goto Ita!(God Eater). Always love the series :3Love the game also!
,Recommended,438490,33903634,Posted: 30 July,all,Vesperus,"Reviewed by Perfect Distraction:https://youtu.be/CPR7OWE_FdwVes Recommends, Kat not so much."
,Recommended,438490,25246249,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,じゅん～,"I have the demo on PS4. I must say that the PC version is SO MUCH BETTER with the fluidity and textures. So sad to see a 2560x1080 option just to have letterboxes on the side. Ahhwell. Also, THAT ENGLISH AUDIO :< :< :<This shall now take my life."
,Recommended,438490,25252652,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Teriyaki,EPIC GAME must buy would like it alittle cheaper but eh love it
,Recommended,438490,32425660,Posted: 14 June,all,i'mnotsure,good action game
76561198037680270,Recommended,438490,25416439,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gixkung,GG
76561198081114706,Recommended,438490,35082421,Posted: 20 September,all,Egoist,can take hours of gameplay with different playstylestotally worth it
,Recommended,438490,35168294,Posted: 23 September,all,F1fty,verygood
,Recommended,438490,33564197,Posted: 15 July,all,HyruleLegend123,can anyone help me. whenever i try and play the game it comes up with a blue screen and it says GE2RB.exe has stopped working someone plz help me.
76561198063144696,Recommended,438490,26155191,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,JewJewFlex,good game
,Recommended,438490,26158361,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Kuro Takeo,"Fun game, nice coop, worth it."
76561198073296658,Recommended,438490,25541899,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Natsu,Just got the game an having an error problem error ge2rb.exe PLEASE HELP!!!
,Recommended,438490,25309003,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Dodecahedron,"E: 9/20/2016 Post-God Eater 2 ReviewSince all copies of GOD EATER 2 Rage Burst come with a copy of GOD EATER RESURRECTION, what's going to be guaranteed is a very, very long game. By its very nature though, you will want some friends to own a copy of this game so you can play together.NOTE: Rage Burst played in its entirety.GOD EATER RESURRECTION is a remake of God(s) Eater Burst that comes with every copy of GOD EATER 2 Rage Burst. Set in a post-apocalyptic world wherein vicious creatures known as the 'Aragami' run rampant as humanity tries to survive, you enlist to become a God Eater to fight against them.It is pretty much an appetizer of what is to come on Rage Burst, and features most (but not all, such as Blood Arts) features Rage Burst comes with, as well as providing a new-to-the-series feature known as 'Predator Styles', or ways you can devour your enemies for a boost in power.Pros and Cons in bullet form:Pros:- Over 124 Story Missions, and contains most features the PSP-exclusive God Eater Burst had;- Monster Hunter-Style Gameplay for people who are craving for it outside of the 3DS;- Varied weapon types imported from Rage Burst back into Resurrection;- Far more flexible with customization compared to Rage Burst.- Indepth bullet editor allowing you to create custom shots or fireworks.Cons:- Feels like an Entree instead of a main game due to its relative ease;- Certain weapon and predator style types are dominating due to their relative strength compared to others of its kind;- Pacing is a bit dragging; and variety of enemies are low, most of which only appear past the Story 50 mark.- Some typoes in the story;- Netcode is very unstable, with most DCs occuring 1-2 missions especially with 4 players in your party.God Eater 2 is the sequel to God Eater 1/Burst/Resurrection and tells the tale of the Blood special forces in their attempt to quash the Aragami threat once and for all. Unique to this game are Blood Arts, or skills that vary combat gameplay by adding a feature to an attack action, among other things. Bullet Customization returns with more flexibility (though this isn't immediately obvious due to Blood Bullet features, assuming you came directly from Resurrection).A few things to note in bullet format:Pros:- At least 161 story missions to keep you busy*- More map variations- More meaningful weapon choices due to Blood Arts- More creature types in this game (a given due to being a sequel)- Ranged Weapons don't feel like skins with varying amounts of modules, due to certain restrictions given to you.Cons:- Audio is broken. Some songs stop in the middle of combat, and the Fenrir Far East HQ Normal Theme loops back at an awkward time.- Exp System for Blood Arts and Blood Bullets (which are chips that add functionality to bullets) may not be for everyone, and may leave people stuck with a primary weapon for the entire duration of the game, reducing the ability to switch weapon types at will.- Because of the above, it becomes mandatory to grind in order to attain full power with Blood Arts.- Crafting is a bit more obtuse than in Resurrection; recipes start out blanked with nary a clue for the ingredients needed to craft them.- Same netcode issues in GE:RES (may have been changed in a recent patch).*A special space is reserved for Rage Burst's pacing issues. There is a very long stretch of killing Yakshas with other bosses during difficulty 4, and it takes you around 90 missions to even reach Difficulty 7 (90 is God Eater 2 arc conclusion). Whoever thought it was a good idea to prolong the missions with needless events should probably be re-assessed by Namco Bandai.The Rage Burst arc is almost equally painful to deal with, as the rear end of the plot is almost always held back by certain random events that have minimal plot bearing, forcing you to keep on killing a bunch of bosses before the game finally concludes. They could *really* shave off 30 missions off Rage Burst arc alone, because what Difficulty 4 offered in Yakshas, the Difficulties 7+ offer in random Gboro-Gboro and Borg Camlanns. Usually in back-to-back survival missions that last on average 25 minutes.Rage Burst, however, introduces a new mechanic rather late in the game (100~ish), called Blood Rage, where you perform milestone-type feats in 30 seconds, to get a power boost and invulnerability that lasts for the same amount of time. This mechanic is built up by hitting and killing Aragami, with which it uses 100% (out of a stockable 400%, which carries over missions) power in order to grant you the chance to power yourself up.If it weren't for the additional dimension of strategy that Blood Arts and Blood Rages add, the game would be mediocre. I didn't mind the minimal variety of maps the first God Eater had; Monster Hunter also had the same type of concept (albeit in larger maps).Mind you, if the pacing was only good, the game would get a resounding ""Great"" rating from me. But it still feels mediocre compared to Resurrection, surprisingly, despite being the more difficult, ""fuller-bodied"" game.But hey, the game DOES come with two games so it's still a worthy buy for those who:1. don't mind grinding2. don't mind horrible pacing and/or have a lot of time in their hands3. like Monster Hunter-type games4. prefer bargains (this comes with two games per purchase after all)5. want a multiplayer, non-MMO-yet-still-an-RPG experience to play with their friends.As a side note, the plot is really anime. Unless you don't mind Anime tropes, this is otherwise not suggested for those who are looking for a 'bleaker' setup.And the review is now complete: The verdict is still a recommendation, but take note of the above."
76561198171152929,Recommended,438490,29295280,Posted: 16 January,all,RadenPagam,this game is awesome
76561198047685041,Recommended,438490,32081967,Posted: 31 May,all,Boosted,My childhood memories where I used to always play psp with my friends. ^_^
,Recommended,438490,25251023,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Beethoven,"Fantastic port, great visuals and character customization, deep rpg mechanics, and fluid heart-pumping combat.Ash is a loser."
,Recommended,438490,30874348,Posted: 1 April,all,☆,I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!I demand season 2!!
76561198041148091,Not Recommended,438490,35091752,Posted: 20 September,all,VoHiYo KYAAAAA~~,"Overpriced. Dull graphics. Repetative gameplay. Story is ok. Characters are really unintrestring, and annoying to listen to. All in all, a monkey pulling a banana out of his♥♥♥♥♥♥would've been more exciting than this piece of rushed garbage looking catastrophe of a game... Totally not worth 40$ in my eyes.2/10If u really want this game tho, I recommend u to wait till it goes on sale."
,Recommended,438490,25301210,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,.Go Gears LINE @GOGEARS,Thanks for the awesome game >.<
,Recommended,438490,30721167,Posted: 25 March,all,Harunakaze,Would be nice if this one have Japanese voice!
76561198158872321,Recommended,438490,25317736,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ZinogreTW,Alisa is in the game.10/10 Best game
,Recommended,438490,25239268,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Leunneth,"Game is gud.Pretty good part at that, and runs flawlessly.Love the art-style, incredibly much more fast-paced that MH, and the music will get you hooked, and keep you going with the story! I'll edit as I go!"
76561198042684717,Recommended,438490,30912330,Posted: 2 April,all,Le Sheep,there is a capybara
76561197993965446,Not Recommended,438490,31204080,Posted: 17 April,all,Testosticor Fantastiballs,"Somehow i hoped for more when i got this game. It gets very repetitive at a certain point.I get the comparison to Monster Hunter, but i enjoyed the Monster Hunter titles alot more.The game lacks variety on different levels and the locations are too similar in their general design."
76561198061089827,Recommended,438490,29871181,Posted: 12 February,all,Jin With No Counter,damn awesome game! u can create your own waifu and your waifu voices!
76561198036549855,Recommended,438490,25240711,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Basaraga,Game runs smooth and so far is very enjoyable.
76561198060385979,Recommended,438490,25239051,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dr. Vital,I remember playing the 1st God eater on Psp and now rage burst 2 along with ressurection is on steam....Time to relive the childhood!
76561198043020536,Not Recommended,438490,31046181,Posted: 9 April,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"As an avid fan of the Monster Hunter series, I thought that this game looked similar and thus should have been very fun. I thought wrong.The tutorial missions are boring, but that is to be expected nowadays, so I powered through. Once you trudge through the first few missions, you may start to see a pattern. By pattern I mean it's the same thing over and over again. There are maybe 6 monsters with one variant each that you will be fighting over and over and over again until hours later you may have the chance to do a special mission with a slightly bigger monster.If you're a fan of overly boring and repetetive games with little to no rewards for your efforts, this is the game for you."
76561198016277845,Recommended,438490,25245732,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Slyderx239,No Microtransactions :D
,Not Recommended,438490,31184571,Posted: 16 April,all,Fawk,"The only thing good about this Games is the gameplayThe Story tries really hard to be good/tell you something,but it's written very poorly and the characters look and move nearly emotionless.The wanna be hard characters, dialogue, cutscenes and movies are really hard to go through.The PSP port looks nearly exactly like the new Game and Plays the same.The Character Design is really horrible, females wear the least possibleand males are mostly ""cool and edgy"".To enjoy those Games is really hard, i played Ressurrection for quite some time,until it got too repetitive and i had to farm the same monsters over and over again.It was like i was not making progress at all, I enjoyed the gameplay though,but since it's basically the Monster Hunter gameplay i wasn't surprised to like it.That's really all the Games have, I tried 2 after i got bored of Ressurrectionand well, it's exactly the Same, every Anime Cutscene in is pretty bad Animated.The Music tries to be cool and hard, but is really meh, as well as the Characters.Except for the females ofc they are mostly very cutsie and try to be as kawaii as possible,which (for me at least) fails miserably.I didn't watch the Anime, but judging from what I see in the Games,it really has to be one of the worst there are.All in all I'm kinda Happy i ""just"" paid 20€ but you can get much better Games for that."
76561198176916446,Not Recommended,438490,30743027,Posted: 25 March,all,Nrrillinthas,"Eh... this game isn't that good to be honest.Pros --Story is okayBy this I mean it was an okay story, not the best, not the worst.-Knows how to teach you controlsControls are taught pretty good in tutorialsCons --Too repetitiveA lot of time you can spend into this game, the one thing you will notice is the same monster over and over again you have to fight, over time, the monster things, idk how to say it, they get more health, so you just feel like you are wasting time by spending 5 minutes hitting the same thing over and over again till it dies. There is literally only about 10 different monsters, which is fine, but they always do the same things, it is on low health? Runs. Does a move? Only has 2 or 3 moves. How long does it take to kill? A few minutes, then you realize that there are even more monsters to fight, so it is just extremely repetitve.-Bad graphicsI honestly could care less about the graphics in this game, but some of the things xD 1 ton swords people are able to carry that look like boxes, I swear. It looks like you would expect out of a 3d anime game I guess is what I am saying.-Not much to doYou can talk to people, but there is only like one person to talk to. Your main thing you will do in this game is just hit♥♥♥♥♥♥until it dies, going back to the repetitive part.-Voice actingWhy.-$50 for this gameI would say I would give this game a like if it wasn't so costly, 50 dollars. Even 30 dollars may have been costly, I feel like their excuse to make this high price is because it is a long game, though there is much more that goes into a game to make it good."
,Recommended,438490,26344609,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pirate GDBLiam,I AM GOD NOW HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
76561198256591583,Recommended,438490,26342460,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Meh~_~,-_- >.<
76561198133544075,Recommended,438490,28009639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LolDomoDragoon99 | Society.gg,Great game!  Just that if there a japanese dub it would be even better
,Recommended,438490,28787946,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,the english is horrible wth.
,Recommended,438490,25882235,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Suitsu,everyone says Kanon is badbut actually she's quite useful---------so useful to ruin your pacesmh she's a hell walking on earth
,Recommended,438490,26604342,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rynnyr,God Eater was a mistake.
76561198165010288,Recommended,438490,26212872,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rexon,"great gama, good grafic and story line, i alredy play burst at psp it is much better now. english voice its not bad at resurection but i dont like english voice at rage burstif u like grinding and hunting monster like monster hunter game its realy recomended for youthats all my review for now, im still trying to finnist resurection first"
,Recommended,438490,28662303,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zeabolos,Nice characters!
76561198319136771,Recommended,438490,28710680,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Asuka_Uin,"I can't hear my BGM when I'm fightting,it stopped sometimes during the mission.Where is my BGM??????????"
76561198071504897,Recommended,438490,28924406,Posted: 1 January,all,metallives,do ppl even still play mulitplayer cant find any game sessions
76561198087432341,Recommended,438490,25356481,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[KM]shamiredevine,fun
76561198072279329,Recommended,438490,30271471,Posted: 1 March,all,<Google>AlphaGo,"Only buy this, if you are a fun of God Eaters."
,Recommended,438490,33133869,Posted: 2 July,all,Satanael,Well not to shabby
,Recommended,438490,25282040,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Saia Autis Ea,-Nice Graphic-Great SoundtrackGG
,Recommended,438490,25282593,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Yūkan'na heishi,"Nice game. I like content and battle in this game. It's looks like SAO game, but it take from real life in human future :D"
,Recommended,438490,25281902,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Stryx,Nice graphicAwesome questOnline mode is the bestAstonishing mutated weapon
76561198151140343,Recommended,438490,29207539,Posted: 12 January,all,Provehito in Altum,good game
76561198053244103,Recommended,438490,30439400,Posted: 10 March,all,Underground Playground,Good
76561198097570263,Recommended,438490,28808145,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lunarknights2000,A fun game and I have not noticed anything different from the ps4 version
,Recommended,438490,25273930,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cute Anime Girl,I CAN'T EVEN MOD IN THE JAPANESE VOICES ♥♥♥♥ DENUVO!!!
,Recommended,438490,25243389,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ghoul,Great and loving it! This is the first pre order game I made purhcase of that did not fall into disappointment.
,Recommended,438490,31270015,Posted: 20 April,all,Shannon Lim,abit grindy for hard missions but story is worth it get it during a discount
76561198078406362,Recommended,438490,27022338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Richard,Great game back then and now. :)
,Recommended,438490,35081303,Posted: 20 September,all,asostorecz,♥♥♥♥ing awesome bro
,Recommended,438490,30038073,Posted: 19 February,all,angelo07,"when i first saw the game, it caught my eyes and purchased it during steam sale and when i finally played it.. it totally worth it... solid gameplay, interesting story (if you want more detail about the story watch god eater anime).. being a fan of 3rd person rpg (jrpg) type games.. it is totally worth it. the only downside the game have so far as i can tell is that ""it is not open world"".. if the game is open world, it would be the perfect game for me"
76561198254708395,Recommended,438490,26631862,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Folth,Is there any dlc yet?
76561198005856199,Recommended,438490,30133384,Posted: 23 February,all,ID,how to make it japanese? I can't understand english
,Recommended,438490,25241420,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Synesthesia,I can shoot my allies10/10
,Recommended,438490,32962314,Posted: 28 June,all,Van Shrekholme,"this game is full with many waifus, if you can't find one, be one"
,Recommended,438490,25255376,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Shake,"After playing League of Legends and Counter Strike for so many years, I've finally found a game that's....fun. ;^)"
,Recommended,438490,25242046,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[MZ]Nostral,10/10Alisa - My Waifu in HD
76561198333693457,Not Recommended,438490,33554608,Posted: 15 July,all,keller_leon,everything I try it just doesnt work everytime a black screen if i start the game. I can hear sounds and everything but its just a black  screen I cant see anything...My PC has everything it needs but i can only see a black screen.....
,Recommended,438490,25588423,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tacticalboy | TGC,i like nana's hair.. neko type nya~
,Recommended,438490,29898308,Posted: 13 February,all,Asuka Minato,I Hope They Make Japan DUB
76561198048906716,Not Recommended,438490,33198075,Posted: 3 July,all,Shayno-Mac,"Terrible pc port that doens't even boot without fixing it yourself. Lazy as can be, refunding on principal alone."
76561198107779127,Recommended,438490,34670287,Posted: 1 September,all,toammar2006,good Games.........
76561197997710290,Recommended,438490,25278183,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bucky With The Good Hair,"Between some of these reviews and the steam community pages, I'm not sure if I bought a Monster Hunter like game, or some gross anime visual novel that sexualizes underage girls.Someone please introduce the Japanese to the age of consent or something.That being said, the game is INTERESTING action wise (and on that merit a lone will recommend the game to MH enthusiast), sadly male customization options seem to have been forgetten in favor of waifu fantasy settings."
76561198165662204,Recommended,438490,25354597,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The Lonely God,"I just finished the main story. I give this game a score of.... idk... this game was good.... but not great.... then again, I did love the music. The music was amazing! It gave me the feels.... but the story is very cliche.... you know... very.... um... Japanese. But not in a bad way.... well... maybe in a bad way..... then this game is for you.I wonder if my review was confusing and if I was able to express that I love this game. I mean, I love this game but it's not like I'm in ""love"" with it.10/50000 - IGN SCORE - BEST GAME SO FAR.... I think.♥♥♥♥ you! Why would you care what I write!? If you read this far... then...thank you?.... whatever I don't your approval....."
,Recommended,438490,25273256,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Plutia | SoulWorkerHQ.com,great game
76561198064265523,Recommended,438490,25242278,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,FlyingStrudels,Game works now =D!
,Recommended,438490,25251653,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vergoz,nice game XD guys should try it XD
76561198039354750,Not Recommended,438490,32744167,Posted: 24 June,all,IrateNigNog,"Apologies to any one who likes this game, but after getting bombarded with a bunch of things I don't like, I think this game isnt for me. The controls work well but the game seems rather shallow from what I played. I'll do some research on the end game and see if its worth sticking it out for the bosses but Im not holding my breath.These are my complaints in no real coherent order:The production values of this game are so pathetic its hard to believe this was released last year. The main hub theme is jarring as it would be more at home as a generic battle theme. The game looks ugly, like it came out during the last console generation and it still wouldn't be concidered a looker back then. The eviroments looks very dull without a lot of though given to layout, they skyboxes are dull and there is just very little detail in the textures. The folley work is horrible in this game, I only took recording classes for one semester and I could do better than this phoned in trash.The game story also embraces the worst and most generic parts of anime. Character designs are super impractical in their own universe and eveyone is a highschooler, it just draws me out of the game. One of the first people you meet is a girl who has her hair done up to look like cat ears wearing the clothing of a night walker. She looks like what a grade schooler would think is sexy or cute. It doesn't help that the voice acting in this game is also really bad and phoned in. Hard to tell if the VA are just♥♥♥♥♥♥or if the localization team just wanted to get this project done as soon as possible. No Japanese VA in the options also sucks a bunch.If you have any misgivings due  to what I mentioned avoid this game or wait for a sale. Asking fifty dollars for this game is a scam, wait till the asking price is twenty or below."
,Not Recommended,438490,33679550,Posted: 20 July,all,Henkell,"I cannot recommend this game. If you use Windows 10 the game will open in a black screen and the only way to fix this is playing bordeless, which you need to find a way to change to that mode. I managed to change by messing with the config file and turning off fullscreen. Also after I managed to solve this problem another one showed up. The game didn't detect my Xbox 360 controller, altough the option to change to controller was there I could never activate it. All these inconviniences in the first 30 min of playing really took all my interest from the game."
76561198078964591,Recommended,438490,28016133,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ZEXUS,A Very addicting game
,Recommended,438490,28682723,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lt. Fumika,JUST DO ITMake your Dreams come True
76561198150628921,Recommended,438490,31309652,Posted: 22 April,all,KuroReaper,i dont have much to say except that i recommand this if you like game in the genre of monster hunter but find it a bit hard then this may appreciate this game
,Recommended,438490,33502385,Posted: 13 July,all,Rosyiddx,"love this game, Recommendedbuy 1 get 1 free!!GE 2 + GE Ressurection"
76561198019276961,Not Recommended,438490,33494702,Posted: 12 July,all,DaRkFURY_Reaper,Black screen unless you manually go in and change game files. There is no reason you should need to do this to play a game.
,Recommended,438490,25239041,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,YoshiBonifacio,Boob physics.... 10/10
76561198291989444,Not Recommended,438490,33160346,Posted: 2 July,all,Ice_Nine_666,"Actuially really like this game, but when i went to play it didnt display because apparently on some PCs it only runs in bordered mode. It'd have been fine if it ran on bordered to begin with. Literally had to blindly navigate the menu by looking at screenshots of the screens to switch it. You were warned"
76561198343577333,Recommended,438490,34296741,Posted: 16 August,all,₡arrot ❤,Not bad for English Dub..... I Like it...  >~< b
,Not Recommended,438490,31437567,Posted: 29 April,all,Healbot,"Boring, The story is meh at best. You have 3 basic melee attack, a deep bullet system ( but let's be honest, you're gonna go fetch recipes on the internet after trying creating 1 bullet yourself).But unless you enjoy hitting the same monster with a gazillion HP for 10 minutes without any danger of yourself dying, if that's your beef."
,Recommended,438490,32813764,Posted: 26 June,all,C.X,Love it :)
76561198098859867,Recommended,438490,33264601,Posted: 5 July,all,KomikJewel,It'd be helpfull if the creators of the game could make compatible with windows 10.
,Recommended,438490,27970084,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AoS.288,"Isinya 2 game, lebih seru dari yang di psp/ps vita, senjatanya up to date :3 multiplayer story juga bisa, graphicnya smooth abis, keren dah xD"
,Recommended,438490,28898091,Posted: 1 January,all,Akko,It's a damn fine game.
76561198306786505,Recommended,438490,33380866,Posted: 8 July,all,Hiftes,"Some missions are stupidly long, but good game."
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,438490,28457460,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Crisis,*Sigh* This gameI love it and I hate it.The story of this game is really good and enjoyble.But the grinding oh god the grinding.It will be what you do for most of the game.Killing the same monsters over and over again.So if you are not into those kinds of games this one is not for you.but ultemtintly the story alone is not enough to recomend it.Just keep in mind when playing this game.You will spend a lot of time just killing the same monsters.Missions take around 7to15 minutes to complete if you are good.but if you are bad you will dei a lot.
,Recommended,438490,30133178,Posted: 23 February,all,io | Ducky Momo,"This is like the first time you ate a god, back when it was plural and not singular.Except this one is better.In fact, just skip the first one."
,Recommended,438490,25262553,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ooby ٩ʕ◕౪◕ʔو,Kkona
,Recommended,438490,28616982,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,my cancer is finally progressing,its got anime tiddies
,Recommended,438490,25283019,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pineapples,pantsu
,Recommended,438490,33470274,Posted: 11 July,all,HollySane,"got this just because,didn't regret purchase at all."
76561198314499579,Recommended,438490,31498557,Posted: 1 May,all,Peter BTW,PogChamp !!!
76561198234945476,Recommended,438490,25268768,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,cinquezx,Amazingthat's all I have to say XD
76561198189212067,Recommended,438490,33497628,Posted: 13 July,all,Xenverse,why there is black screen now ?
,Not Recommended,438490,25677439,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,animueb,"developer abandon game since steam release.game is heavily broken. no mp, 60fps ai and sound bugs, in battle glitches /etcdon't buy anything from bamco, never."
,Recommended,438490,34602914,Posted: 30 August,all,Яeverse‼,"No Japanse voice?is it really Jap game?Too much of grinding but ""Save"" is loadable from external sourcesGood character customization but no jap voice is regreatable...."
76561198123433529,Not Recommended,438490,30463577,Posted: 11 March,all,山县昌景,Please support Chinese!Please support japanese vioce!!!
76561197971870726,Recommended,438490,25239192,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Loki Incarnate(formally android),"Runs really smoothly, no issues. if you like monster hunter, you will enjoy this.Still doesn't quite beat monster hunter for me though."
,Not Recommended,438490,25546556,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SpherE,"Alright! The sequel to gods eater burst is finally out. And it comes with ressurection, a more polished version of the 2010( i think) release. For what you pay for, I think the game is extremely underwhelming and repetetive. Now, the game seems too much like burst. Grind, grind, grind, cutscene, grind. Cutscenes arent even worth while. The voice acting sounds extremely obnoxious and there isnt any japanese. The character design sucks SUCKS. From the limited time I had with this game, the 2 female protagonists are replaced with this squeaky weaboo girl. The game runs smooth, but for the graphics(trash, horrible) the game should. This game is like a run down PC version of monster hunter....Atleast monster hunter makes grinding fun......"
,Not Recommended,438490,30238385,Posted: 28 February,all,Dysoth,No JP voiceover
,Not Recommended,438490,35101303,Posted: 21 September,all,✪KNIGHT,It is so repetitive... basically fighting same monster over and over again until the very end. The only good thing is that you can have all sort of playstyle and you can craft an overpowered bullet recipe and just blast your way through the entire game.
76561198073462348,Recommended,438490,28629042,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shiro,"No Japanese voice, feelsbadman"
,Recommended,438490,25242425,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PokoPow,Pros :- waifu- waifu- waifu- small boobs- waifu- waifu- waifu- monster- guns- big sword- anime- 60fps- 144hz- borderlessCon :- WHERE IS MY CUTE JAPANNESE VOICE? NO JAPAN DUB!
,Not Recommended,438490,30158400,Posted: 24 February,all,-Gh0sty-,"God Eater is always fun, but the fact that inviting is broken, and that the game is ♥♥♥♥ING REGION LOCKED is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The playstation version isn't region locked, why is it on pc? Bad ports, ladies and gents."
76561198168901727,Recommended,438490,35057304,Posted: 18 September,all,spectralunicorn,PS2 graphics. 2016 release? NO! Game no good to a play.10/10. Would refund again.
,Recommended,438490,32852833,Posted: 27 June,all,Xaelath,">Buy Macro Mouse>Use Assault Gun>Rapid Fire>Spam2win10/10 Would play againEdited Actual Review for GE2RB, The game are a bundle of 2 game and this one is for God Eater 2 Rage Burst, not Resurrection which is a remake of the 1st one. [Check my other review about Resurrection][Completion took 90-120hrs]Game is great but have some affecting bugs that can cause crash and gameplay.1st Mainly its the annoying 60 fps issue (!)AI will 100% guaranteed fail to full devour and using Charge Attack (buster blade), Not only this all AI Also failed to guard some specific aragami attack or rather most of the channeling aragami attack will get them hit due badly timed timing. This will greatly affect your gameplay in single player mode if you're just casual.2nd Multiplayer Chat will cause Crash. This issue doesnt happened on GER however its caused by the limit of text estimated too early (red). Either way chat system is also bland so theres nothing to see here.3rd Some bullet crafting/equipment crafting can cause crash. Some were random and some were duplicated issue. I'll note this to user of assault rifle. If you force to reduce modulequantity+ while having more than 4 bullet on use it will crash.4th Black screen issue. Check possible fix5, Some VA is bad, some were good. Protag VA is edgy af for most of the voice, have serious difference with GER that have unique voice acting on different terms than saying ""Out of bullet/ammo, Uaarrgh, Starting the mission, commanding, etc""Theres alot of customization here so pick whatever you likes its better than resurrection.but the gameplay otherwise seems more balanced on Resurrection.Blood Rage is ridicolously overpowered,Blood Art is great but its more than a hassle to keep changing and depending on it 24/7  compared to resurrection that utilize both melee and gun balanced including Extraordinary Predator System.Conclusion its worth but i recommend to buy it on Vita or PS4 for actual performance although it wont run on 60 fps.Dont stick to this game too much if you want to get frustated with the bug.There might be even some bug that goes unnoticed or not mentioned yet."
,Recommended,438490,25784028,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,yanqui,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMB66cjkArM
76561198133983001,Recommended,438490,34738087,Posted: 4 September,all,Akroma,Fun
76561198275717791,Recommended,438490,28889150,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KamiJuu,10/10 so lit fam
,Recommended,438490,30032467,Posted: 19 February,all,SolidCopy,Just awesome. Can't stop playing.
,Not Recommended,438490,30135885,Posted: 23 February,all,f0ba,Would buy this again when I heal my bleeding ears and Japanese patch comes out....
,Recommended,438490,30051592,Posted: 19 February,all,DrifterKidZ<DKZ>,-Epic Storyline-Epic Gameplay
76561198298799664,Not Recommended,438490,30503236,Posted: 14 March,all,集装箱,similar to other players，Japanese dub plz，no chinese translation does not the matter ，but no Japanese dub make me feel uncomfortable
,Not Recommended,438490,34196430,Posted: 12 August,all,xyyx,A Japanese game without Japanese voice option? huh I  prefer to choose the menu in English and voice in Japanese.
,Not Recommended,438490,25969512,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tanya,Why cant it be in japanese audio?Just why?Its not like i hate english dub.But i much more prefer the gamewith original japanese audio.
,Recommended,438490,25238153,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tiяit chan,Fun gameplay and amazing music :)
76561198196388422,Not Recommended,438490,33019691,Posted: 29 June,all,mantovao,"Having tech issues, game not running. Getting ""server not reachable"" message."
,Not Recommended,438490,30889574,Posted: 1 April,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"This game is really, really bad. It's extremely shallow, easy, and grindy. Don't play."
,Not Recommended,438490,33800716,Posted: 25 July,all,Post Shalom,I know its a psp port but i just cant get by the clunky controls and the gameplay is kinda meh
,Not Recommended,438490,34344183,Posted: 18 August,all,WOLOLO,"For a game that has been touted a 'good monster hunter clone', it sucks, bad. None of the weapons feel responsive, and all the weapons feel like I am swinging them at the air. The monsters are all very generic, even 50% off (when I got it) I have to say, it isnt that good, and I would suggest watching out for dauntless when it realeases later this year if you want your monster hunter fix."
76561198006263543,Not Recommended,438490,29196969,Posted: 11 January,all,Fnir,"A very long, boring and repetitive game. Not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,438490,28850589,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zurakci,"Well it sure as hell was not the game for me.. At all. It is a Monster Hunter ISH game, INDEED, BUT... It falls short of being rather slow, lack of lockon with camera, so much unneeded info all the time, and so on.Graphics are less than what I have seen from any Monster Hunter Game as well. Not good for me. FOR ME!It felt too clunky. Sorry man. I cannot recommend this further."
,Not Recommended,438490,26681581,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,仮面ライダー  Wizard,"sadly i can't give good recommend for u guys,cause i got some problem, i can't play this game with my xbox 360 controller and i try to play with keyboard it's difficult to control it, it's too odd."
,Recommended,438490,33461892,Posted: 11 July,all,前 ユニコーン,"ARAGAMI HAS BEEN KILLED! GREAT WORK, TIME TO RETURN BACK TO BASE!"
,Not Recommended,438490,33049697,Posted: 30 June,all,Zaida13367,"The character customization, cut scenes, npc's and graphics are great, but those are the only aspects that I enjoyed. Hate the combat. Some people might enjoy it, but I really didn't like how the game is structured.I can't recomend it because I don't think it's worth what it costs."
,Not Recommended,438490,34198151,Posted: 12 August,all,Nerezza,"Probably just like most people who've tried this game, I'm a big Monster Hunter fan. Unfortunately, God Eater doesn't come close to MH's experience.I'm willing to look past the ported graphics but still, the combat system has practically no depth. Monster Hunter's weapons each require practice to fully utilize their combos, but God Eater's weapons just have 'strong attack' 'weak attack' combos to learn and nothing else. Battles with amazing monsters could redeem it, but that's lacking too. It's just you smacking a handful of moving targets and consuming one or two health items until things are over.Since the combat's bland, the thing GE2RB might've had going for it would be its story since it attempts to bring depth that MH lacks, but the quality's pretty terrible. It's not too surprising that a MH-styled action game would be light on story, but ironically the bad story is better quality than the combat itself. That doesn't really mean anything special of course, just that things are bad all around."
76561198360160450,Not Recommended,438490,33507921,Posted: 13 July,all,iPromisen,Get a black screen in spite of running it on GTX1060. This sucks
,Not Recommended,438490,25446380,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Budgie,"The gameplay is good, but the horrendously tropey plot ruins the experience.For context: the first human, in the first story cutscene, is an most-probably evil teenaged girl genius parapalegic who forever wears funeral clothes. Your first teammate is a 90% naked catgirl who's obsessed with food (her weapon is, surprise, a giant hammer).If you can deal with the overdose of shonen tropes, then the game is a solid, very fast hunter with an interesting ammo and upgrade system. If you're trope-overloaded, roll your eyes when the Idol comes in with the obviously corrupt bureaucrat, and throw up a little when the comic relief egotistical forigner makes a fool of himself accompanied by his goofy leitmotif, then maybe pass on this one and pick up Toukiden Kiwami."
,Not Recommended,438490,25791672,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Arma Protues,"no one seems to be online, i acually prefer the MH's online to GEB,. but overall not a bad game not the greatest but not the worst i'd price it at $30 thoughUpdate: found 2 freinds to play with =) but shcedules don't sync up mutch. so unless you can find people the game get's a little dull, also no voice feature unless you have a 3'rd party app.:edit: it was suppose to read Monster Hunter's Online not Monster Hunter Online, personally haven't tried MHO. The guild hall in Monster Hunter where someone could join in and wait for you to finish a mission and still play with you is what i was reffering to not this lock in players and don't allow more to join once started mess."
,Recommended,438490,32935241,Posted: 28 June,all,噩夢神●达克莱伊,okok lah~ not very bad also
,Not Recommended,438490,33508229,Posted: 13 July,all,JokerFTW,"well I wanted to test a monster hunter type game for the first time. And I have never played Monster Hunter games eitherThis game is average, poor story telling, just doing same type missions over and over again, boring but SWORDPLAY/GUNPLAY is amazingggg. But probably I wont be buying this type game ever againGRAPHICS: POOR, bizzare textures. but Character models are epicGAMEPLAY:  AMAZING"
,Not Recommended,438490,26368482,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,江太公,Chinese pls
76561198283510440,Not Recommended,438490,33663499,Posted: 19 July,all,Thrash Panda,Boring
76561198402907295,Not Recommended,438490,33698440,Posted: 21 July,all,CONAN,boring
76561198145357928,Not Recommended,438490,31737579,Posted: 13 May,all,Spectrum,"Need help, i cant use my w,a,s,d keys to move the character. i tried rebinding them but it does not change. Pls fix this problem or tell me how can i fix this problem."
76561198358681718,Not Recommended,438490,30829087,Posted: 30 March,all,MADkaizen,I installed it 1 month ago but the interface was bugged and I didn't even had the option to start the game properly . . . downloadet + installed it this week again and again interface not fixed.  bäh.
,Recommended,438490,26513802,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Flakey🎈,Give me God eater girls.
,Recommended,438490,25300074,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Best game10/10
,Not Recommended,438490,33490138,Posted: 12 July,all,toetipper,Waste of money multi sucks and for alot of ppl it will not run unless you mess with config out side of game. Bad port does not run right.
76561198129354588,Not Recommended,438490,26681621,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DA SAMOORAIIIIIIIIIII,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst? More like Rage Quit Burst.To be fair I have not played Resurrection at this time and probably come back to update but here is what I know so far:The cutscene at the beginning of the game is very nice and I can apreciate that. But then the game graphics come in and its like I'm playing Prototype 1.The controls feel clunky and the monsters (aragami) AI are a little bit stupid. The crafting system just sort of gets in the way and makes the game an RNG for crafting materials. The first time you encounter flying enemies there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of them and are impossible to take down without a gun where you have to buy ammo. And even then the aiming AI only shoots in the direction you face and NOT the enemy you're suposedly locked on to.The story as a boring generic anime harem featuring a main character with 1 dimensional dialogue options that don't alter the story in any way, the other male characters include a man who hates kids for a reason that will never get explained and will probably be axed off if you play through the story long enough, a pervy secondary character who is on your squad and essentially manipulates you into doing what he wants, and the husbando bait for the 5% of females who actually played this who is more or less you mentor...and thats it. The female character are all waifu bait and that speaks for all of them.The sound design is pretty bad. Its as if they weren't even trying with footsteps. And most of the cutscenes which you think they'd actually get the voice actor to say the line, is instead have a series of grunts and other lines that don't mean anything to what is going on in the story. Don't even get me started on how your character never says anything except at the beginning and after combat.It boggles my mind that anyone gave this a high rating and it bothers me so much that I keep thinking I missed something. Now, I originally got it for 20 dollars when it went on sale and for that price it might just be worth it especially since I did get 2 games, but as far as GE2: RB goes, the main game I was buying with no intention of getting Resurrection as well, 50 dollars, the original price, is definitely NOT worth it.P.S.-I did not try multiplayer but if the combat is anything like the singleplayer then I don't want to."
76561198007674930,Not Recommended,438490,33248542,Posted: 4 July,all,Fel,"If you are not a fan of the base material (I mean the anime), there is very little to apreciate in this game.Sure, it does support mouse and keyboard, but no matter what control type you choose, it will be clunky and unintuitive.There is little competition on PC for the ""monster hunter""-like games, and when on sale it's a decent price for what is essentially two games (as you get the first one too), but it plays and feels like a game of an old era (late PS2, early PS3) even when at worse it's just a psp/vita game.If you are short on money and it is on sale, why not, but do consider the concurrents that are appearing on the PC market too (Koei's toukiden and the not-yet-released dauntless and monster hunter world)."
76561198044587743,Not Recommended,438490,25636166,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jazz Lemon,"Please follow the game update can release Japanese speech and Chinese language, even the traditional Chinese language or otherwise not to mention Europe player, we feel uncomfortable in your voice of Asia player the launch of this version actually removed the japanese. (traditional Chinese language at least if we want to know the story is a good thing for player)"
,Recommended,438490,28482050,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Duragon Hunter,need more kawai & sexy costume...!!!!
,Not Recommended,438490,30884385,Posted: 1 April,all,Doctor Nipples,"Not worth it. If you got it for free, then sure. But you shouldn't go wasting 40 quid on this crap game. Graphics would still be considered bad 5 years ago. Gameplay is even worse."
76561198307060141,Not Recommended,438490,25538176,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,szs1945,♥♥♥♥ the collecting problem with my Game Handle
76561198126986608,Not Recommended,438490,27231072,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ravekiller94,the controls
,Recommended,438490,33467636,Posted: 11 July,all,Jagdflinte,Game is just black Screen 10/10
76561198073660694,Not Recommended,438490,33174758,Posted: 3 July,all,kamage07,"Only played about 2 hours, but I did not find it worth the price tag."
,Not Recommended,438490,30901567,Posted: 2 April,all,KiTS,"Cons:*A lot of loading screens.You will spend a lot of time waiting throughloading screens.*Short missions.When you go into your firstmissions you will only get onemonster to kill.* Forced time limit.There's a time limit which ejects youout of the area even if you're fightinga monster still.*Doesn't differ much from the first.The character creation screen and loadingscreen. The graphics, gameplay and tutorial.Maybe more.* Lack of direction for new players.The game fails to tell you how to do thingsthat you should know how to do."
76561198066817040,Not Recommended,438490,30282504,Posted: 2 March,all,MysteryRaim,"In all due respect to other reviewers, do NOT be led astray by the positive reviews.Most of the reviews I read talked about gameplay and how this is better than monster hunter, but nobody really mentioned how god-awful the voice acting is, the ridiculously oversized weapons or completely outdated graphics.If cheesy anime usually doesnt fly with you - DO NOT get this game.Good god, the characters in this game drive me crazy.""Dont come near me, I might hurt you... >:("" - Soma""Hey bro! Theres a new CHICK here! Shes totally cute, and she's gonna be all over me!! I mean Im irresistible huehuehahah."" - Kota""This situation was entirely predictable, you should listen to me!"" - AlisaThe weapons are just... ludicrous. I like some essence of realism in my games.And the gameplay itself hasnt even been good so far. Extremely dry visually, and repetitive as all hell.I really cannot understand how this game was rated so well, not to mention it's 50 dollars... I bought it at $20, and I'm still taking the time to write this review.Granted, I havent played this game that long yet so I'll give it a decent chance. I will come back and change this review if I change my mind, but I'd bet that's pretty unlikely.Oh and by the way, I have 4-5 hours on God Eater Ressurrection which is why it's only showing up as .3 on this review."
,Not Recommended,438490,28677742,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Highdro 🐦,"This will not be even close to a full review as I wanted to get a refund from this game.This will also only be a first impressions not really pros and cons.When I saw this game people said it was like MonsterHunter which from the first hour of playing it felt  nothing like the game. The game at least to me has a very uninteresting story, the characters to me felt bland . The devouring mechanic in this is not enjoyable, I disliked the gun mechanic and the meele mechanic to a point. The game has a weird artstyle that wouldnt annoy me if the gameplay was actually more enjoyable. People can say that games get better the more you go on in them but if a game can't get you hooked from the first or second hour then why continue? In the end this game was a huge dissapointment to what i've read and heard about it."
76561198154853589,Not Recommended,438490,31377127,Posted: 26 April,all,Lost Reaper,what the hell i got this game pre ordered for the first one and now i cant play eather it keaps saying can't initulize steam APIwhat the hell is that
76561198014010906,Not Recommended,438490,28254718,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,djrobertjohnson,Wanted something like Monster Hunter for PC. This is not that game.
76561197977497484,Not Recommended,438490,25369612,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nobby,"I want to first of all say that I'm normally a huge fan of these types of games. I played every monster hunter game (except on the Wii) so far and I still enjoy playing the new installments. I also played Soul sacrifice (which is also kind of similar) and Toukiden.I watched the series as well and I am a big fan of that and the artwork but this game just isn't good. I know I only played for a short while but I stopped playing so I could still get my refund. A few things that really bother me- Lack of exploration:The base area is incredibly limited. Just 2 floors and the general hall. So not much exploration there. In the field you don't have multiple area's like you have in MH games (so no loading times is a plus but imo irrelevant) but the area's in MH at least feel like they put some effort into creating them. You also get some joy out of exploring those area's. In MH games you also had some missions where you actually had to go look for stuff instead of just being thrown in a similar area to kill the same monster over and over again. Without the exploration factor the game is soley about gathering mats and combat, which brings me to the next cause of irritation.- The combat system:The combat is insanely repetitive (even worse than Soul Sacrifice) and feels very clunky (for a lack of a better word). The whole game basically feels like that. I didn't even play for 2 hours and I was starting to think the combat was so repetitive it was boring me to sleep. During combat I also had it happen a few times that my camera just went bat♥♥♥♥♥♥insane and I could't see anything anymore. There is just not a lot of variation of types of attack or combo's that can be performed to keep the game interesting.- Limited crafting options/lack of customization:I know you can craft weapons. The thing that bothers me is that there is no way to craft armor. With that I mean armor that actually does something and doesn't soley serve a cosmetic purpose. I like the fact that in MH games you have such a wide variety of armors that can be crafted with all different skills that can be implemented to suit your play style.People say that this game is similar to MH, and in a way it is just like a movie adaptation is similar to the book it's based on: It's similar but there is just so much content that is missing. God eater only reaches the surface of what MH games have to offer. I bought this game on the premise that it was the best alternative for MH on PC, but if this is the best I'll stick to my 3DSXL to play MH Generations.Definitly not worth buying at full price"
,Not Recommended,438490,25613362,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Flan,"Denuvo killed the single player mode since I had to be online all the time, I refunded it."
76561197970415104,Not Recommended,438490,25439252,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Huillam,"Dear devs,The design you screwed on purpose doesn't increase the difficulty, it does not make your game more fun, challenging or interesting. By doing♥♥♥♥♥♥for the sole purpose of doing♥♥♥♥♥♥the only thing you achieved is♥♥♥♥♥♥No my companions do not need to wait until I've less than 10 hp left to heal me. If you don't want them to heal that's fine. Remove the ability to heal allies. Don't make a stupid design choice to give the illusion of difficulty.No when I chose ""far"" for my camera setting I didn't mean very close, I indeed mean far. Being killed by an attack because the camera is so crappy than I can't see my enemy in full doesn't not again increase difficulty. It's just crap.No I don't want to spend half an hour designing sets for multi-parts missions especially when that serve no purpose except screwing me. Your interface is worse than the one designed by bethesda which I tought was impossible.No I don't want to play boring multi-part missions which take twice as much time that they should because of the crappy AI simply to discover that the last enemy is resistant to the weapon I had to chose randomly.You're looking to make a fun game, enjoyable but still difficult? Once again doing♥♥♥♥♥♥on purpose isn't the way to go. You're simply ruining what is indeed a good game.A side note regarding the port:Yeah it's better than most but that doesn't mean it's good.Neither Enter or arrow keys are valid options for something hard coded. For the typical mouse and keyboard user the right hand is on the mouse. It is seriously boring to be constantly asked to validate things with enter or to have to use arrow keys to navigate into menus.Yes for years now mouses had a scroll wheel. So yes when you add support for mouses you'd be nice to add correct support.My advice? If your computer can handle it grab toukiden kiwami.If you can live with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ designs and lack of proper keyboard and mouse support, you may enjoy god eater."
76561198148640837,Recommended,438490,30073655,Posted: 20 February,all,AsphixousLim,Nice game
76561198334139550,Not Recommended,438490,33485361,Posted: 12 July,all,Bowser2,CO OP SUUUCKS REALLY HARD
,Not Recommended,438490,25994376,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,REMRIN FTW<3,NO JAPANESE DUB NO LIFE. BOOBOOBOOOOOOOOOOO :P
76561198006649466,Not Recommended,438490,28854806,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ultrasuede,"Clunky gameplay, annoying collision detection. Getting sick of these cut back, cash grab JRPGs these days. I just want an open world, and enjoyable gameplay with good dialogue. None of this ""Kill something then read 10 mins of story, then rinse and repeat"""
,Not Recommended,438490,30891970,Posted: 1 April,all,Flame-X,GE Resurrection:- Shut up Kota.GE2 Rage Burst:+ Minor improvements.+ Less boring than resurrection.- Still boring.-♥♥♥♥♥♥poor tutorial.- Missions take forever. I FELL ASLEEP 3 TIMES IN A SINGLE MISSION! 3 TIMES!- Shallow combat system.- Repetitive.- Same kind of villain.- Killing the same monsters over and over again.- Awful dub.- So much grinding.Both games were so boring I couldn't even finish either one. An open world setting makes sense for these kinds of games. Too bad it's not.
,Not Recommended,438490,25263690,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Capt Gentlemen,The game itself can be enjoyable for those looking to just have fun in an arena style hunting game. Sadly games that would be considered similar to it have much better gameplay mechanics and give the player a challenge.-The story itself seemed pretty interesting but very generic and didn't really get me sucked into it.-The gameplay was easy to pick up but lacked any really thought process when it came to combat and made beating most enemies way too easy-Having to play through the story just to get to more high difficulty missions seemed frustrating-Some weapons seemed way more powerful than others-The ability to cancel out of any attack means you don't even need to try to think about your attacks-This game is pretty much Phantasy Star Warriors by Koei-TecmoIf I were to compare this game to similar titles it would be Monster Hunter and Phantasy Star. The only problem is that the qualities that make those two games good just do not exist in God Eater 2. Monster Hunter gives the player tools as well as limitations on how monsters can be engaged which constantly change and creates situations that require the player to approach everything in different ways. This helps keep the combat alive. Phantasy Star is somewhat similar but due to combat mechanics being slightly different they can use enemies in different ways in comparison but achieve the same goal.Overall I don't feel like the game is worth the price tag. I don't feel like the game will actually offer the entertainment and longevity I expect for $50.
76561198089494916,Not Recommended,438490,25520826,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,dannykenpachi (丹尼·肯帕奇,cant even play multi player
76561198213523001,Recommended,438490,30150601,Posted: 24 February,all,EXECUTER NO. XIII,Why there's no Japanese voice over available? It makes this game unplayable for me personally.
76561198361227172,Not Recommended,438490,29845427,Posted: 11 February,all,1823996178,"I do not know why the PC version does not support Chinese, but also the voice into English, do not know what kind of mentality"
,Not Recommended,438490,25411024,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dagger_cloak.tmp,Need！ Goddamin！ Janpanese！ Language！FKU NamicoBandai!
76561198071898307,Not Recommended,438490,33462194,Posted: 11 July,all,Crusaderjak,"Kind of like monster hunter so if you want a game like that I recommend it, (thats why I bought it because it remided me of MH and I love MH!) Anyways, The reason im downvoting it is just that it doesnt seem fun to me, doesnt click like a MH game would, but thats really just personal preference I suppose. Controls are bleh which is the contributing factory towards me not really liking it as I dont have a controller anymore."
76561197974149393,Not Recommended,438490,25346108,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,rupreckt,"This game is god awful. The controls are inexplicable, the information you need to understand what is going on is hidden in a stupid early 90s style UI and there is significant screen tearing on my machine which can run most other modern games at high settings. I cannot imagine what version of this game others are playing that caused them to give it a good review."
76561198301657501,Recommended,438490,30107236,Posted: 22 February,all,megamaxmori,the trailer was nice.
,Not Recommended,438490,25251458,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tyr,"It's not a terrible game, but it isn't a particularily good game if you're looking for something like the Monster Hunter series.  It feels like a bland Phantasy Star Online (for the record, I LOVE PSO, so not knocking that), but just lacking something to make you care about playing.While graphics aren't a priority to me, I can't help but feel like I'm playing a PS vita game due to the low quality of the visuals, and the 60 fps lock isn't ideal either when your monitor can do double that (it DOES at least support 144hz, you just wont get frames above 60).I'd probably have kept it if it were a $10 game, but at $50 I can't even come close to justifying this."
,Not Recommended,438490,25646039,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,aus741,.Abysmal story telling.Annoying camera.Flawed combat.Oddly set up and disjointed cinematics.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mission structure4/10Ordered a refund after 2 hours of this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,438490,25957157,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kanaria,3 giant bosses spamming AOE attacks in a tight space isn't fun difficulty.its the type of difficulty that gives people cancer.
,Not Recommended,438490,28473716,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lord Trent Kelto,"The characters are so annoying I refunded it.  They are flat, obnoxious, and unrelatable.  Apparently, even my heavily anime loving friend had to mute the voices of the other characters (and redress them).Personally, it was just too much for me.The bullet system is interesting enough and the combat might be fun for some people.  It was too time consuming for me."
,Not Recommended,438490,33527694,Posted: 13 July,all,Potnpan Robot,So this is what a bad monster hunter game looks like
76561198292185736,Recommended,438490,25238307,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ToniTheTurd,it's very gud
76561198058428387,Not Recommended,438490,33489610,Posted: 12 July,all,Zekhor,"Wow such lame.  Don't expect a game like monster hunter.  A port from the PS VITA... idk what i was expecting, just glad Steam lets me refund."
,Not Recommended,438490,25258244,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aurani,"Since GE:Resurrection does not have a store page making it impossible to directly review it, I will use this page to review it, already something that's a minus, off to a promising start.To start it off the game has multiplayer connection issues, my friend and I have been trying to play co-op and we keep randomly disconnecting regardless of who is hosting, though we did find a small trick to reduce the instances of this we still occasionally get stuck in loading limbo for no reason.You can easily see it is a straight port from console seeing as camera and aiming sensitivity for mouse is terrible, no matter how fast you move the mouse the camera will not move any slower or faster than the in-game camera settings tells it to. Controller aiming however works fairly okay. Both of them still suffer from extreme input sensitivity though, aiming with a mouse is shaky and one of my controllers would send my camera flying all over the place despite me not even touching my right stick, even increasing the deadzone on it had minimal effect. Rebinding controller keys very easily results in undesirable problems that affect your ability to properly play the game, pop-up menus being scrolled through rapidly being one example.The HD graphics are a nice upgrade from the PSP version, I have however noticed a few moments where simply highlighting certain options when navigating menus causes the game to freeze for a second which to me feels unacceptable on my high-end rig that handles the latest AAA titles at a steady 60 FPS. And they still haven't managed to add an option to turn off the incredibly excessive bloom.Unlike many others I've yet to experience a crash which is great.The sound is off-sync in various cutscenes. The lack of an option for a Japanese dub is also a huge minus to me as the re-recorded English voices does not do it for me, the original English dub had a lot more quality, variety and actually worked on making each character sound unique. Out of all the characters only a fraction at least sound acceptably close to their personality, the rest of the cast have had very limited work put into them as the character's unique traits have been glossed over and been assigned a random voice that doesn't suit them at all. Not only can they not pronounce some of the character's names correctly, they couldn't even bother trying to make their accents match their nationality.Majority of the cast are extremely overexcited about going out in the field and fighting when the world of God Eater is actually quite a depressing and dangerous place, they're not unstoppable heroes of an action movie and should act like it, with an exception to Kanon who is practically confirmed to have a split personality and acts very recklessly and sadistically on the field, she seems however to have lost almost all traces of her kind and friendly side as even in the base she still sounds extremely pumped up.And good god, don't get me started on Hibari, she's meant to be a professional but polite and friendly mission advisor, and yet she sounds like she's drunk and thinks she's a sports commentator or in charge of a talk show, half of her comments are cringy and she laughs at her own terrible jokes as if a laugh track is waiting to accompany her.The player can choose from 20 different voices, male or female (males having Lenka as a bonus choice), half of the female ones sounding like it's the exact same character reading different lines and then they randomly distributed these between them as some lines sound like they belong to a completely different person. The male ones seem to have had a lot more variety, only 6 of them sounding like they're the exact same person and actually seem to be consistent with keeping the personalities seperate. Most voices seem to have been recorded with low quality equipment as there's noise and lack of proper equalizing in various lines.All in all, very shoddy work.I've also stumbled upon a couple errors in the translation as well as inconsistencies with its own format in the databases and narrative. While I do like the new revamped skill system change from flat skill effects to skill levels that either provide a per level benefit or requiring a minimum level to trigger, the skill sets on equipments lead to a horrible and cluttery mess. Dozens of uniquely named skill sets all providing the exact same benefit while at the same time having multiple instances of skill sets with the same name that give different benefits. Another bad thing is the removal of the icon that specifies whether a skill is active during Burst mode, there are several skills in the game with the exact same name and you can't tell  if it's the normal variant or the Burst one without checking its detailed description.I also have no idea why they chose to change elemental affinity on weapons and shields from multipliers and flat defense to a ""Bad to Great"" ratio (stylized as XX, X, -, O, OO) that isn't properly explained how much it actually affects them.The Abandoned God Arc crafting system is a great addition as it allows the player to further customize their favourite gear to suit their style.I certainly hope GE2:RB will make up for the 50€ pricetag as currently GER has not met my expectations, once my friend and I are done with GER I will continue this review to write about GE2RB, although this will take anywhere between 1-3 weeks.For now I will not recommend GE:Resurrection, this may change once I reach end-game and see what the extended storyline has to offer and weigh it against my current disappointment."
,Recommended,438490,25238130,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,NightPhoenix,I can finally create the waifu I always dream of <3 !!#5mins_Reviewer
76561197960444622,Not Recommended,438490,33490751,Posted: 12 July,all,Danedo,Black screen.
76561198215460768,Not Recommended,438490,34561363,Posted: 28 August,all,Mabell,This game is so empty
,Not Recommended,438490,27995911,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,To be Frank,"First, GE:R should be sold separately, afterall, it is the only one worth it. Specially now, since they have added GE2 features to GE:R.Second, they brought us a multiplayer game, with the most fail matchmaking existent. Disgusting.No Original Audio option, in a RPG that is practically a must haveYou should buy it if the price is below 10$, that is what this is worth.As a God Eater fan since the first one came out in JP for PSP, I feel offended.To be fair, the port is quite well made, considering it's just a handheld game it could be better of course, plenty of options and configs."
,Not Recommended,438490,25261747,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MAXADISASTA,"It's... Not really my thing. I am a fan of the monster hunter series (which this game is somewhat a clone of), but this game doesn't really scratch that itch for me. Although I can see people enjoying this, I am not one of those people :/"
,Not Recommended,438490,25491075,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The Mighty Biscuit,It's like Monster Hunter only with everything that makes Monster Hunter good stripped away and replaced it with a bland anime.
,Not Recommended,438490,25269314,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mia Ishata,"Rewritten: Still unsatisfied with the game, i preordered the game to have some fun, mostly online gameplay. At first i expected a Monster Hunter game but it seems to be that just partially.Playing online is still super broken for me and other people, it crashes/disconnects when missions start and updates never fixed it. I preordered it for 50€ and i wish i could still refund it. As it is for me its just unenjoyable.Story And gameplay dont hold it up for me, you sometimes spend more time in the mission summery espicially in the start instead of the fights themselves.Would not recommend, still."
76561198173346662,Not Recommended,438490,25240937,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Vanilla,Cant play with friends across regions . rip game
76561198060473947,Not Recommended,438490,25281459,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Steven,pixelated 1080p
76561198021355439,Not Recommended,438490,28685730,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zoop Soup,"First of all I have very little experience with the second game, this review is based mostly off the first game that is bundled with it, however the games have the same ""field"" mechanics based on what I have played of 2.GOD EATER: RESSURECTION:Hot damn, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. It isn't the worst thing that exists but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it boring. I bought these games because I wanted a MH (Monster Hunter)-like game for my PC or anything more comfortable to play on than my tiny 3DSXL with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little screens that makes the game look pixelated as ♥♥♥♥. I knew about God Eater for a while and decided since it was on sale I'd give it a shot. Many of the reviews complained mostly about the network shich I don't mind, I prefer solo hunting. When one of the first cutscenes played showing every character holding big♥♥♥♥♥fuk hueg weponz I knew I made a mistake.Compared to MH, this game's weapon system is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ whereas in MH you have to decide wheter you want to be a gunner or blademaster, and it's possible to take down any monster with either form and you get a wide array of choices within these groups (Blademaster much more so) with each weapon class being unique and having clearly different mechanics compared to others. In GE there are 5 or 6 melee weapon clasess and they are all exactly the same except swing speed and what type of damage it does (Piercing, Damage, and Crushing). Also your the new type, no you don't get a gundam you get to use gunz too!!!!! and yeah it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not gonna go into newtype ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because it's story related, but being able to use guns and melee weapons is very, very, lame, the gun doesn't do much more damage than the melee weapon until much later on and even then you NEED to melee because you shoot monster blood bullets, you can buy clips or whatever but still the whole system feels incredibly lame, and most of them time I just use the melee weapon. You can edit bullets which is the coolest thing about this game but that can't save this game from being horribly boring, if this was in something I could tolerate maybe I'd invest time into learning how this complicated system best works.The story is generic anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I don't care about any of these people, they all sound the ♥♥♥♥ing same. I'm not asking for the pristine and supreme Nippon dub, because I still wouldn't care, if anything it would add another barrier. There is a Russian character that has the very same accent as every other character for no raisins, if she spoke Japanese I still wouldn't be able to tell if she was Russian beyond everyone telling me so and I'd be wondering why she spoke Japanese at all. Some dude dies or some♥♥♥♥♥♥and he's my officer or something but I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I laughed only once at this game and it was at the autistic spaz you have as a classmate.Why. Is. There. No. Armor.This might be the only part of the review I regret because it might evantually show up, but the fact it 1. Isn't present in the early part of 1 at all 2. Isn't anywhere to be found in the beginning of 2 is a serious ♥♥♥♥ing problem. The most important part of the MH formula is preparing for the hunt and armor should play a big role in that but instead armor is sacrificed so you can dress up your ♥♥♥♥ing waifu, proving that waifus are♥♥♥♥♥♥and ruin games. I know there is a defense that you can raise, but armor can be so much more than a bland defense stat, armors in MH can provide immunities to environmental hazards and buffs to players whereas the clothes your player wears in this game does nothing.y u compear too monsta huntah mistah, dis no monstah huntah?This is a monster hunter clone straight up, if you are unfamiliar with MH trust me when I say this game rips off Capcom's masterpiece series turn after ♥♥♥♥ing turn, even the cover art for God Eater Burst for the PSP is identical to a MH cover. Monster Hunter is superior to this game in every way shape and form, except that this one is on PC, the reason I even bought a ♥♥♥♥ing 3DS was for MH. If MH ever ended up playable legally on American PCs will be the greatest day of my ♥♥♥♥ing life. Until then I have to troll through the sea of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clones hoping to catch a good enough alternative.Last note:If you for whatever reason want to play this game just play the second one, the graphics are better and you play a new character so anything that happened in the last game is through the lens of a new character so they don't expect you to know and understand everything that is happening. There aren't that many reviews that tell you about this I guess to avoid spoilers but it's not that big a spoil.EDIT:I ALMOST FORGOT TO MENTION THE FACT THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥EASY.On top of the arenas being as big as one area in a MH map, the ""boss"" monsters offer no challenge whatsoever and are dispatched in about 10 minutes. You get dual boss fights at the second rank whereas in MH that usually doesn't happen until rank 4 or 5 and thats because the Devs realized their game offered no challenge to players so they ramped it up early only to make fights last longer, not better. I will never forget the attack patterns of the Rathian and the Rathalos because I've hunted those two so often and even then I still get hit by some pretty nasty attacks, enemies in this game have maybe 3 or 4 attacks and the patterns are easy to figure out in your first encounter and then forget, then relearn, then forget again, predictible enemies are not good."
76561198306830949,Not Recommended,438490,33496022,Posted: 12 July,all,Kazuo Tokino,I can't play the game
,Not Recommended,438490,30171072,Posted: 25 February,all,irene is mine,"The only good thing about this game is the combat, other than that the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198254231258,Not Recommended,438490,30153892,Posted: 24 February,all,whan0109,"There are many issues with this game.1. Soundtrack (Background music) - This sh** bothers me during voice acting so much I can't even hear wtf characters are saying + it does not match the story or atmosphere.2. no advance system for the first 3 hrs or so. When do I get them anyway?3. Game is extremely easy - NPCs heal u up and patterns are easy to dodge. Well maybe cuz I played DS3, but it is too easy.4. Graphics are terrible. I think a game released in 2008 has better graphics than this.5. Storyline is inconvincing - Ciel wants some love from VC but y?"
,Not Recommended,438490,25268144,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JAGGARNAUT,Terrible controls and camera. Completely unplayable game.
,Not Recommended,438490,28889419,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nixot,not rly
76561198354878323,Not Recommended,438490,33495859,Posted: 12 July,all,OGA,MEH
,Not Recommended,438490,32997626,Posted: 29 June,all,Skild,Meh.
76561198198138057,Not Recommended,438490,25250800,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hello,"yeah it doesnt work for me, its always blackscreen with noise and mouse cursor and nothing else"
76561198321051450,Not Recommended,438490,25312276,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,黑月真,"I would recomend this game too any jrpg/monster hunter/ or anime fans. WOULD. if you guys are similar to me cannot accept dubs or a Konan fan that cannot accept this magor change in her characteristic. THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. ............ I'm not a Konan fan! I definitely didnt brought her dakimura.. (< _ < )'' Am i a weeb?Game experience:The game is great, gameplay, graphics, story. I do suffer some dual key holding lag but its something I can endure BUT I CANNOT ENDURE THAT THE ENGLISH DUB. Konan has a 180 degree character change. In gp she was a kind, shy and cute character that turns into a crazy during battle. but in dub she isnt shy anymore and was always kinda crazy before and after battle which kills her original character. And translation is a bit off too, i couldn't find any status upgrades in the data base, you can see it in the outload but the data base was what i use to rely on when i still play on PSP.Later addons: Just to be clear, yes I dont like english dubs but just saying that with jp dubs might offer a better experience mainly because it's cooler. one of the reason y ""Ryu ga waga teki wo kurau"" very enjoyable. have you ever heard the spanish version of hanzo ulti lol? yes this technically won't affect ur adventure through the storyline but when the dubs r out. some lines that aren't in the cinematics that was within the missions won't be and from previous games on my psp, repeating the game even with the equipments that i had, redoing the storyline is a pain. So my opinion is if you only like or prefere japanese VOs you should get it until then. I did say the gameplays are good btw.....soooo should I change the recomendation to positive?"
76561198082913343,Not Recommended,438490,25272578,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,HoneyBadger,Too expensive for this game. Pretty bad graphics.
76561198065523868,Not Recommended,438490,33496883,Posted: 12 July,all,MacFli_,"This is the worst game that I have ever played. I CANNOT believe that this game is originally $50. The Bundle is terrible because the two games are actually the same thing. The same character custimization, the same menu screen, the same tutorial. AND you cant even start the game properly because it will start as a black screen with just the music playing in the background. This game may have actually taken years off of my life. Please, I am begging you, do not waste your time, money, and precious life on this game."
76561198006664927,Not Recommended,438490,25384757,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,lexi,"Absolutely worse game i have EVER played in my life. The back story is shallow enough to drown a pug in, the graphics on highest settings are not up to the standard of 2016, but the game is so poorly coded that the game runs at low frame rates even with a machine that blows the recommended specs out of the water. The ""action"" is so slow that it feels like you are playing on slow motion combat. The ranged combat is lame because you cannot aim your gun, or look down the site, or lock onto the enemies.All in all the game is just terrible, i actually asked for a refund. and i never do that."
76561198104200734,Not Recommended,438490,34521582,Posted: 26 August,all,不可语海,"NO CHINESE,NO GOOD.GIVE ME CHINESE,GIVE YOU GOOD.PLEASE."
76561198021884650,Not Recommended,438490,33337732,Posted: 7 July,all,Trismo,"I purchased this game during the summer sales. Safe to say it doesnt load, i have a good pc to, i7,16gbram,1070gtx card. and it just plays the music with a blank screen, awesome,"
76561198087765989,Not Recommended,438490,28519040,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Orca-スザク,No multiplayer co-op better download it elsewhere
,Not Recommended,438490,25276734,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pope the am I,Worst port I have ever seen. I get a smooth 15 frames per second on the fighting scenes. Still playable just very hard to.
76561198401915338,Not Recommended,438490,33493642,Posted: 12 July,all,白猫警长,it could be better if it had Chinese language
,Not Recommended,438490,32652996,Posted: 22 June,all,Hill,Weeb garbage.  Horrible animations and voice acting.  Combat was okay but wont save this game.
,Not Recommended,438490,33320474,Posted: 6 July,all,>tfw no Lain gf,this Vidya gaym is gay desu
,Recommended,438490,30481992,Posted: 12 March,all,archwolf55,"this game is......AAAAAAMAZING!!! the story alone will have you on the edge of your seat wondering what is next and wanting more along with the customization to weapons (i love the scythe/shotgun combo) and character which the styles it gives im a fan of 100%, what even makes this greater is you also get the first god eater so you can get another 80+ hours of   heart pumping story which god eater resurrection is what the anime came from if you watched it and wondering so i would say play the first one then go to rage burst but really you can start with either just go from 1 to 2 will give you more story and when you see certain characters you will get a grin on your face so 5/5 on my list"
76561198128000220,Recommended,438490,30634077,Posted: 20 March,all,_Ains Ooal Gown_,"Very Interesting Game if you like RPG games, the storyline just too Great. I simply commend you to buy this game for more multiplayer play, because in here multiplayer can help you finish your story together with your friend or some people if you like. its very convince game but you must play god eater 1 to know what story are you following now, but in bundle you get god eater ressurection for replacement to god eater 1. I suggest you play this soon"
,Recommended,438490,25388333,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DutchVidya,"It's Monster Hunter but there's a constant plot, and even if you hate Anime it's not a bad one. VAs are good, after a while the combat really opens up and if you've got som buddies to play with it's even better.5/7"
,Recommended,438490,25399147,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Joss,Good game.
,Recommended,438490,25403751,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Reza The Cadet Of Agito,really good Thought But pls add Japan Voice to be honest if i hear they talking On english voice somehow For Erina and alisa like the older than their age
,Recommended,438490,25405830,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Dancing Fetus,"I don't usually write a review for games even though I liked them a lotBut this game, I just love it.Main story runs until difficulty 6 (story 88) but the story continues afterwards. Maximum difficulty is 15. There are a lot of character episodes and unlockable gizmo at difficulty 8 and so on. One of it being Rage Burst.Rage Burst system is what made GE2 becomes GE2:RB. The system is just so innovative and influenced the gameplay a lot. Once I was dying to complete Special Mission 8 which had Kyuubi and Susano'O in it, however when the rage burst system was unlocked, I did that same mission in 3 minutes dealing over 15 k of damage per hit to Susano'O which is just a sweet sweet amount of number to look at.Pros:- 60 fps- Amazing story- Good voice actor- Great and vast varieties of weapon, shield, upgrade parts, control unit, and customizable clothing, all to make you able to create something that suits your play style.- Tons of Blood Arts that is different for each weapon- Cool looking Aragami. Yes Hannibal, I'm talking about you.Cons:- Sometimes AI is just so stupid makes you want to RQ especially when fighting Borg Camlann and his families. The AI cannot dodge/block the tail spin attack because they blocked it too early.TL;DRBUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,438490,25476463,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,WobbliestCrab,"Before I got this game, I never even knew of it's existence. But since purchasing it, I have fallen in love with the series and can honestly say that it was money well spent. Not only do you get the remake of the first game, which is just as fantastic, you also get the remake of the sequel. The characters are memorable, lovable to an extent, and their stories make you like them even more. Now while some parts of the game are a bit annoying - looking at you Hibari - the rest is well done. The combat is fluid and the Oracle Cell mechanics really change up the gameplay once you expose them. Customisation is a thing I love in games and God Eater Resurrection and Rage Burst do it pretty well. On low quality the games still look good and a little more anime-esque.Anyway, that was my review! If you are considering buying this game, do not hesitate, it is 100% worth it!-WobbliestCrab, Fenrir Branch God Eater."
,Recommended,438490,25475596,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,¡︻气しẾĜ乇ƝわΔƦY≡═SchmidtS=o,is their any chance that we can get the DLC from pre order? :< its just that i want all of it. </3
76561198146092136,Recommended,438490,25452182,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TheWolfQueen22,i love the story but the game play itself is basically the same thing it gets alittle oldlove storygameplay boring
,Recommended,438490,25447818,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cr0wnix,"Let me preface this by saying that I've never reviewed a game and the first game in this series, Gods Eater Burst, was my personal favorite PSP game. I might be a bit biased. I could never really get into the Monster Hunter series, as I found the gameplay to be excruciatingly slow. The God Eater games are not. The psp game, looking back, was pretty repetative with its limited combat style. Resurrection and Rage Burst Fixed that by adding customizable moves and giving the weapon types different gameplay. One thing I have had a hard time getting over in GER and GE2RB is that they changed the pronunciations of some of my favorite characters' names. Alisa is now pronounced like Alyssa... All in all though, good game. Surprisingly good english voice acting. Great story. Multiplayer with friends is awesome. Would eat again."
76561198002505288,Recommended,438490,25461937,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Stroganoff,ProsGood constant framerateDecent controls with Keyboard & MouseController SupportPretty good English DubConsMultiplayer can cause FPS dropsSoundtrack occasionally doesn't loop properlySome pre-recorded cutscenes have visual issues
76561198070424953,Recommended,438490,25396660,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Noobie,Before buying this gamePros-Good Port-Great Gameplay-Underboobs-Good Story- some other♥♥♥♥♥♥you can find on other reviewCons- Don't like the voice for main character- Multiplayer is there but isn't since no one play it  ( i stay for 30min finding team)Should you buy?yes if u more into soloing7/10
76561198052842104,Recommended,438490,25345371,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lord Borkington the third,i'v been waiting to for this game along time all the way back to the original and im happy to say i love it 10/10
,Recommended,438490,25326233,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Replica,Teammate is a Neko Girl
76561198135420217,Recommended,438490,25299675,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kylecagle2,great game
76561198147878698,Recommended,438490,25298458,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LapuNinja,dam feel like im still long way from the game XD
76561198189896933,Recommended,438490,25414406,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Quite Gone Jinn,"If Monster Hunter and Phantasy Star had a baby, and said baby was raised by Devil May Cry while having Persona as a childhood friend, God Eater 2 Rage Burst is what happens.This is how I feel so far. (10 hours in as of writing this ""review"")I liked it."
76561198097913714,Recommended,438490,25418972,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Not a Guy,"everything I've ever wanted in a god eater sequel and more, there is one thing I can complain about and that's the camera, most times the camera isn't positioned where you want it and it can hinder you gameplay a bit"
,Recommended,438490,25407949,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,YouAreNowReadingMyVeryLongName,Unlike Monster Hunter I don't have to wear an ugly armor just to improve my stats. :)also too much pantsu on this game.
,Recommended,438490,25404452,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Yotsu-Chan,"pretty much it's like playing monster hunter but more simplemaybe the only complex thing in this game is bullet customizationwell if you love doing repetitive quest, grinding monster and seeing boobs while you're at ityou're at the right place"
76561198137098684,Recommended,438490,25565585,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,(Please enter a name.),fun game
76561198067269855,Recommended,438490,25573145,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ryan8176,"Fun game, but imho it has some serious flaws that detract from the overall experience.  I'd give it a 6.5/10.  I got about 30+ hours out of it so I really can't complain. and technically speaking it is very well done, but the repetitive nature and some (imho) silly mechanics ultimately drove me to stop playing.Here are my pros and cons, my own 2c for what they're worth:PROS:- Fun overall experience.  I know that sounds generic, but if you're a gamer you'll probably get my drift.  It runs well, options are good, controls are customizable, etc- Good character-building and team-building.  Plenty of customization, skill tinkering, RPG-like elements.  Game is MUCH deeper than what I originally expected, in a good way.- Character interaction and side missions with them are a nice touch.  Their ""relationships"" never go beyond working together (at least not from what I saw) but they are fun enough.  If you're hoping to fool around with Alisa you're gonna be disappointed, I know I was admittedly one of those people lol.- Controls are good, I think as a PC port this is a good one.  I used mouse + keyboard and had no problems.  Keybinds can be changed.CONS:- Repetitive nature will show itself quickly.  Mission zones and enemies have precious little variety.  Even the materials you can pick up throughout the zones spawn in the same spots, every time you are there.- Combat itself is fun but some of the ""mechanics"" get old quickly too.  Every mid-size and above enemy has abilities that knock you up into the air, knock you down, bowl you over, charge into you, etc.  Trouble with this is that they seem to change direction mid-charge even if you dodge, thus hitting you anyway.  I account myself as being a good action gamer, but I grew tired of being temporarily disabled during fights repeatedly, even guarding and dodging at (mostly) appropriate times.- Your NPC allies are a joke when it comes to actually performing on the field.  Even with the best versions of their skills slotted, they account for very little damage or support.  I would have all three of them equipped with support and healing shots, and yet often found myself in need of help and receiving none.  They almost never heal; you can equip a healing shot but cannot target yourself, meaning you wind up spamming health pots or trying to recover HP through devours, which ofc can be dangerous if you are low on HP.  For having such impressive lists of skills, I found the NPCs to be little more than placeholders.Anyway that's enough, I found it to be a really good core experience that, for me, ultimately suffered too much from a lack of variety and some mechanics that I personally feel are unimaginative.  Like I said I got a good bit of time out of it, may play it again at some point but ofc would not expect much to change.  Just got tired of the same old thing, and of hearing ""whoooaaaaa!!"" as my entire party is knocked up into the air for the umpteenth time during any given mission.  Lol."
,Recommended,438490,25780527,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,*4ever.Maynard,"REVIEW FOR GOD EATER 1:PLAY THIS ONE FIRST. IF YOU PLAY THE SECOND ONE FIRST YOU'LL GET FALLOUT SYNDROME AND NOT WANNA GO BACK TO THE OBJECTIVELY WORSE PREVIOUS ITERATIONS.Monster Hunter combat with guns whose bullets you customize.It's solid, especially when you consider that it's a handheld port. They had to keep things minimal, so unfortunately there's only a few levels you'll be playing in over and over again, but the combat is fun enough and with enough options and customization against enough monsters that you don't get burned out. Enjoyable experience, decent plot - and by decent I mean I really liked it and I was expecting way worse from something based on anime.REVIEW FOR GOD EATER 2:It's the same game but better. Did you enjoy the first one? You should play it before you play this one. If you've finished playing the first one, get ready for mostly the same stuff but with a bunch of upgrades! It's got all the same levels but with a few new levels added in. It's got all the same weapon types but with a bunch more weapons in each category. It's got new powers making you look back on the first game like how did I even live without this♥♥♥♥♥♥Graphics are the same, more or less, I assume because they upgraded the previous game to match this one when they ported it.Story is okay. It's a little more annoying because it relies on the ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ military guy literally nobody likes and who gets people killed is somehow still employed because uhhhh corruption or something"" concept. But you see the characters from the previous game - your character is absent, obviously, because how would they have pulled that off? It could look like anything. I guess they could've imported the previous game's files and that would've been pretty neat, but the previous main character was such a juggernaut of power and importance that it would've completely detracted from the new main character's story. They do seem to suggest through the story that you're basically the same person, though - even though you're actually a different person. Alisa recognizes you the first time she sees you. You're like an Avatar or something, different incarnations of the same Main Character Spirit. It was extra funny for me, though, because I basically remade the previous game's main character design in this game as well so she was literally looking at the same guy going ""He reminds me of someone I know"".The clothes are cooler in this one, I think.It's a fun game, what do you want, ♥♥♥♥ing get it. You get two games for the price of one that's still cheaper than most new games.EDIT: I should mention that I'm playing with an Xbox One controller. Others have said that mouse-and-keyboard work just fine, but it was designed for a controller, so that's what I'm using. If you don't have one you should be fine, but I recommend it."
76561198317110018,Recommended,438490,25650803,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Juliens angestochene Caprisonne,"God Eater Resurrection:This game is for free when you buy Goder Eater 2: Rage Burst. Its a improved version of God Eater Burst with new challenges, new weapons, the new predator style, new aragami and much more.The story is well written and sometiems even touching. Moreover every NPC has a unique remarkable personality. For an action RPG this is pretty impressive.Every piece of Equipment can be upgraded with every possible in-game skill. This is an awesome improvement in comparison to its predecessor. In that respect it allows infinite possibilites of builds which is plain stellar.Every NPC can also be equipped with certain abilities - some of them even influence drop rates which in that regard reduces grinding.You can even customize the bullets for your range weapons. In that respect you can create fancy looking show off bullets or overpowered ammo to overcome even the geratest challenge the game has to offer and especially later on the game has really great challenges to offer.After playing 140h GE:R I have almost mastered every challenge mission, however, not all.God Eater 2 Rage Burst:The improved version of God Eater 2 and direct sequel to Resurrection. Nearly everything said about Resurrection is suitable for Rage Burst, too. However they improved a lot. With Blood Arts and Blood Bullets you can customize melee and range fighting even more.  But not only that Rage Burst has far more content than Resurrection and the latter one has already a lot.And now the negative issues:Both games suffer from their bullet editor. I mean I love it but you can almost one shot the strongest enemy with the right bullet and equipment. In Singleplayer this is not the problem. But online it can end up in a sniper or blaster massacre.Furthermore especially in Europe it's hard to find an online team to play with.What it comes down to is that it is an awesome game with an awesome story and very much content. Its worth the price and every fan of Monster Hunter, Toukiden or similar games should definitley try God Eater."
76561198080869555,Recommended,438490,25736645,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,你们对力量一无所知,"Buy it and play, you will love it!"
,Recommended,438490,26119467,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Aeneas,Ciel is laifu <3.
76561198125589900,Recommended,438490,27110223,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,exia56,i dont pre order games but this was the first and i must say it was outstanding game i'm so glad it came on pc as i hope that the next game will come to pc as well.
,Recommended,438490,27075273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mAmArC,Fun and a bit grindy!
76561198217327056,Recommended,438490,27099553,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LouisVuitton,good story and gameplay but there's some too difficult quest
76561198056475301,Recommended,438490,27331464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlazeDraicx,"Well, what can I say? We don't really have a bunch of Monster Hunter like games for PC (I could be wrong of course), and this is technically 2 games for one price. Love the combat and the different variations of Aragami (the monsters). The bullet editor is also great! If ya got some money and some time to waste, get it."
,Recommended,438490,27376312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ RGx ] One.奇迹的时代,Good Story line and gameplay for anime lover xD
76561198023226144,Recommended,438490,27072836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Faith Life God,For some reason GOD EATER resurrection which don't have it own page is better than GOD EATER 2 Rage Burst in my opinion
,Recommended,438490,27088051,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,<------not gay,do it for alisa
,Recommended,438490,25681189,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ShoterXX,"Positive, but the port was disappointing for a fan of the seriesThere is an issue with Denuvo, which does not allow you to start the game in offline mode, even after activation, and neither patches have fixed it;Not an exemplary port, but not bad (I prefer playing with KB+M, which feels solid, and performance is great, 60 fps capable, but there are issues);Voice acting... Not great (way better before);Story was never a strong point, not that I care in a title like this;Graphics... are OK for anime-like style, I guess;Quite a few bugs, but nothing that had me cringe over;Difficulty is all over the place,prepare for a somewhat anti-climatic mid-game boss fight.BUTVery enjoyable combat IMO (though the sequel does not inherit all the mechanics available in the first game for some reason, no idea why, it'd be great if it did);Works great on most PCs (within a few issues);You get 2 games for the price of 1;Some new content still gets patched in;Plenty of customization, not just visual, build-your-own playstyle;Plenty of hours of content without excessive grinding (assuming you're not on RN-Jesus' wrong side, and have to kill the same enemy over and over for a material that had 80% chance drop, what the hell);Lots of specifics about functionality (as long as you know where to look -> database), but still allows for mindless hack'n'slash."
76561198077134005,Recommended,438490,26356949,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Joker,"Fast pace monster hunting game with one of the best support AI created.Vampire Themed from the original sucessor God Eater/God Eater Burst adding a 'special unit' of God Eaters with personal Blood Power to combat new type of Aragami : The Psions.Creative and interesting character build available with main melee,main gun or defensive support are all available for everyone's enjoyment.Never really found an antagonist that I ever hated that I could think of but Grem and  (Spoiler Elert): Dr.Rachel's voice actor pretty much made the 1st hateable villain I ever encountered. Great work!Talking about voice acting,Ciel's and Gilbert's got the best dialogue and nice voice acting in most dubed JP games.some cons though,and this goes for Ressurection as well:1.Characters long comments got cut of before it could finish-doesnt exist in Burst version on PSP2.Whole dialogue got replaced (Overhaul/Reworked) from the original dubed version on PSPAlso you will notice the 1st encounter with Marduk,Julius will call you vice captain before you were even promoted at that point.3.Non selectable language-JP or Western,should be available when they were localise. some can cope with full dubed but som part are better in JP in my honest opinion like the Aria of Light Cutscene (Yuno vs World Opener aftermath)4.Sometime the AI got glitched on some doorway from one zone to another spinning around. Can only be fixed if you comand a converge.5.Clothing choices are a bit limited.Overall the storyline are magnificent,gameplay and build are interesting,monsters are challenging(mostly end game ones).Recomended for RPG and Monster Hunting Lovers."
,Recommended,438490,26467646,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Xaffire,Great game overall. I really enjoy the series 2 games for the price of 1 is a steal. Many haters out there will give a negative review cause they either suck or have low spec PCs claiming the game mechanics are too hard or the game is too buggy....Anyways I just decided to write this apperantly there is an add-on it gave me Sinon's outfit from SAO (gungale arc) and alternate clothed characters from God Eater Ressurection in Rage Burst. 2 games for 1 price free add-ons 5 Stars.
76561198078933557,Recommended,438490,26473816,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,krazyyk,i recommend the game play with friends and remember the games from the past
76561198067324490,Recommended,438490,26468228,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stranger Danger,Played God Eater Burst before and this game just improves on the mechanics of the previous. It is great.
76561198050473162,Recommended,438490,26446798,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,donkeyBrain,the pricing is a bit much but the game itself is kind of awesome :Di haven't finished the game yet but after all those hours of playing the story finally starts to pick up (which is a bit long in my opinion)the camera gets a bit crazy at times but overall the best console to PC port i have ever seen-> gamepad recommended (using xbox controller myself)
,Recommended,438490,27765556,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tenik,"Includes both the most recent edition of God Eater 1, which is a port of the remake of the expanded original PSP game, and God Eater 2. It also has the most incredible bullet editor imaginable. If you want to kill giant monsters with a swirling barrage of lasers and explosions, and don't mind very silly anime trappings, give it a try."
,Recommended,438490,27746413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blanche,A really nice Gamebut i will test your patience fighting the monster because they doesn't have any hp barso be patience
,Recommended,438490,27740827,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CzarSquid,"The first question I had when I was thinking about buying this game was:""Which is better: Monster Hunter or God Eater?""Monster Hunter is definitly better but God Eater the closest Monster Hunter experiance that I found on the PC (excluding emulation and the MMOs).The biggest problem most users will encounter is these two games were made orignally for the PSP. So it's limitations influenced much of the gameplay. However the game still does offer some complex mechanics that make it worth playing. Not only do you get to pick your weapon equipment combination of melee and range but you can also customize the bullets as well. The combat is definitly faster than Monster Hunter but the downside is it's very easy to get stunlocked in a barrage of attacks. All the battles take place in one large room so it leads to some intresting problems like getting swarmed. Missions can feel repetitious which will turn many players away from the series (Monster Hunter does this too but I feel God Eater is a bigger offender).Last, people keep saying the story is good. I don't care much for it but I find it odd that your character doesn't talk despite having voice acting done for him in fights. It makes conversations in cutscenes awkward as everyone just assumes to know what your character is saying. I like to imagine my character is mute trying to be ""the cool kid"" by never saying a word.I like it, recommend it, but I don't love it as much as Monster Hunter."
,Recommended,438490,27736766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Top Pancake,Not a review
76561198033620805,Recommended,438490,27758208,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bekka.burr,"I was told about this game, watched videos, and read up on it.I was a little skeptical at first because everyone was saying it is the closest thing you can get to Monster Hunter.I found that to be very true.The game is so addicting for me, it's easy to follow along with what is going on and the game explains everything so well that I felt like I had an easier time picking up on how to play it a little better than what I did with monster hunter. The database has so much in-depth descriptions to everything that I find I hardly have to use the internet to figure out what is what.I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes the mosnter hunter feel and wants a whole new game to play.Another thing I really like is that no matter what your play style is you can have some sort of balance the game ends up telling you that melee is primarily the best way to survive, which it is, but it's still the fact that you get to use a gun, melee weapon of your choosing (same with guns but it's the type of gun really), and a shield.Overall great game and I will definately waste my life away playing it!"
76561198003389766,Recommended,438490,27673010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheGrapplingCat,Awesome game and I love it. Sure its not a Japanese voice over with english sub but its still playable. Although it would be awesome if they update it to where we have an option to change it from english to japanese. Other than that its a great game.
,Recommended,438490,27600175,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ye Xiu.Hiraiyuu <3,"Game is good, it's just the multiplayer is unstable but still awesome. finished it with friends but alot of DCing occured."
76561198035538775,Recommended,438490,27870725,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LIl Stinkster,This game makes me feel alive again
76561198038565448,Recommended,438490,27842843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shade,"figured it'd be too long to say all i wanted about them so i'll keep it very short.Includes all 5 storys:God EaterGod eater: BurstGod Eater: ResurrectionGod Eater 2God Eater 2: Rage Burstdivided into 2 titles, Does not follow the same story as the anime, but you do get a bit deeper insight into the aragami and history in the anime from the 3 professors flashbacks thats not as deeply touched in the game. Personaly i prefer god eater 2 since it had some aditional story episodes for characters and i feel like blood arts and rage burst (managing to get it to AND activate it at the 600-700% or so is awesome, and so is the power from it!) adds more depth and progression than predator style does (that style is used for the resurrection games) and while i havent confirmed it, it seams like god eater 2 has alot longer story, with the pros and cons that comes with it since its deeply connected to crafting, upgrades, weapon mods and difficulty. The storys end in animted sequences, so yey for anime.The only real downsides is that there are more volume inconsistensys where people speak alot louder on missions than in some story segments and cutscenes (may have been somewhat smoothed out it a update or i just ran into fewer places with huge diffrences after) and that theres no choice of audio language, but the english one is ok, some charatcer are greath, others less so but thats how it always is.damn, despite skipping alot of the things i wanted to say it still turned out pretty long anyway <.<and i cant even think of a good pun or joke to end it with so i'll just blame Takumi. (not this takumi, the fire emblem takumi.)"
76561198016512142,Recommended,438490,27696985,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,root,Hope to see more games of this kind
76561198042197461,Recommended,438490,27735712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shadow_1111,Love this game! So good and well worth the money. Love the story as well
,Recommended,438490,27704077,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jagadhie,"Let me just say that this game is so underrated..ITS SO GOOD.Atleast for me that is, I played the ""GOD EATER"" series in the psp. and it was damn good..If you know monster hunter, it's kinda like it but more fast paced. so you focus more on the combat rather than the hunting.There are a lot of mission, good character, interesting storyline and... Alisa. XD.there are a lot of weapon too.. the upgrading and crafting mechanic add a lot of playtime value.It run smoothly too.. so, congrats. this is not a bad port. at all.I recommend getting it while on sale of course. but even for the full price. it's worth it.I mean.. this is the first day i play the game after buying it from steam. and I already got 10+ hours on record. so of course its damn worth it for me.If you like side mission, crafting and upgrading mechanic n stuff, monster slaying, having a lot of weapon in your inventory, finishing a mission in your own way. this game is for you."
,Recommended,438490,27907122,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gaming girl,"Terrible pacing, lots and lots of story quests that do not advance the plot in any way, kinda buggy and graphically dated.Yet I spent over 600 hours playing God Eater Burst and God Eater 2 for the PSP and now replaying them once again, they're charming in their own way and are pretty fun."
,Recommended,438490,27387305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prominence Ricca,Two games for the price of one but it's English voiced. Now if the audio doesnt bother you much then you're in for a story rich game about how humanity have to rise up against the Aragami and save the human race from being devoured by the Aragami as God Eaters.Music: 9Gameplay: 7 for GE Resurrection (basically spamming devour modules) / 8 for GE2 Rage Burst due to Blood ArtsStory: 8.5 (doesn't matter if you watched the anime or not this game picks up where the anime left off and fills the player in)Pros:1. Two games one price2. Two Different combat mechanics that varies from both games3. Create you own voiced character with over 15+ voices to choose from4. Craft and upgrade your God Arc (in a story locked progression)5. 60 FPS6. Great Soundtrack7. Character Episodes (only for GE2) fills the story even more8. Bullets Customizations9. An arsenal of clothing to dress up your character50/501. Multiplayer locked based on your Steam download region2. Import Data - Rebirth your character / Re-customize your characterCons:1. There's no save carry over (GE Resurrection Save File cannot carry over to GE2 Rage Burst)
76561198156216690,Recommended,438490,27013044,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🙊ミヨさん,Im enjoy playing this game... great character cstomization and weapon/item crafting
76561198029100963,Recommended,438490,26946972,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bakacrimson,"2nd is as addictive as the first was. Little disappointment tho. Old maps from 1st were ""cut and paste"" into Rage with slightly different looks."
76561198072965215,Recommended,438490,26770229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SEMICOLON,"I had lots of fun playing this game I haven't fully maxed out the game yet, but I really enjoyed the ""main story"" of it!I would recommend!"
76561198068095405,Recommended,438490,26824902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DaSerg,"To me this is a great game, and a fine choice for those who cant play monster hunter its fun, has a good story and a good list of weapons.The bad points to me are the low number of maps since to me they can feel repetitive."
76561198011722400,Recommended,438490,26802191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AbyssHUN◥▶◀◤,Best Monster Hunter like game for PC.  Worth your time <3
,Recommended,438490,26946720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gamer Girl,You're not able to cuck yourself with Alisa as the new protagonist. 1/10♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,438490,26862759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bakaboi 『♡』,its a good game
76561198012486853,Recommended,438490,26895776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,same same but different,"Approximately halfway through the 2nd part of the main story and I really like it so far, although it's a bit grindy and it sadly has DENUVO as well.The increasing difficulty is nice, fighting monsters on steroids in higher difficulty levels (You progress story-wise through Difficulty Levels) can be a bit annoying from time to time though. But since Story missions are part of the ""Standard Missions"" the only thing this kind of applies to are the additional ""Hard Missions"". So far Standard Missions are still easily doable (I'm at Difficulty 10 right now).Compared to the 1st version, I likethe implementation of Blood Arts (let's you upgrade 1 skill, changes either the ability or adds additional actions) and link-devices (Tools you can use in order to bring forth certain effects during battle, i.e. you enter Burst Stage 3 after 2 minutes into the mission, get 30% def between 2 and 5 mins into the mission, etc.) it makes your fighting style way more versatile.Character Episodes are really nice and fun to do as well, it gets you closer to certain chars and gives you potentially more dialogue and missions with your favourite chars.However, I miss the additional Predator styles you had in the 1st part of the game."
,Recommended,438490,26902497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fezy Wezy~,Love it
76561198129410473,Recommended,438490,26739219,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The Wise Old Man,BEST GAMES I've played since ....... skyrim maybeI'd buy it again for sure
,Recommended,438490,26791693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chibiki,"God Eater 2 Rage Burst is finally here in the West. It took 3 years for it to get here, image how long it will take for God Eater 3 [word modifier] Rage Burst to come to the West. Anyways jokes aside, the gameplay and story is very straight forward. You take missions, and kill your target.Combat is simplistic, yet challenging. There are some styles that are brainless, while others that require extreme timing. You can choose between sword or gun, but a balance between both will lead to a less ""stale"" gameplay. And like any JRPG there is a lot of customization. While the game might be a bit lonesome playing alone, it’s totally worth it for any fan. Any newcomers I recommend joining a discord or steam group to find friends to play with.I can't say much about God Eater Resurrection besides the fact that, if the aragami attacks and skill rebuilding of Rage Burst feels too easy, Resurrection turns it upside down. It's not more difficult, it's just different, which gives it a fresh new look on the game.The only thing I can't stress enough is: Read the ♥♥♥♥ing database. It's there for a reason. All your questions can be answered by looking in there. Remember there's also steam guides as well."
,Recommended,438490,26788357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Runea,"I absolutly adore this game, though at times it is a grind. Though the story is amazing, it had my emotions all over the charts, I was crying I was happy, I was laughing, I was enraged. A good game should be able to tell a story well, and that is what this game does. Though be warned about the grind once again, you do have to kill a lot of things for a lot of parts and things do unlock SLOWLY so at times you feel under powered. Over all though it really is a great game that requires a bit of skill at the get go."
76561198006532867,Recommended,438490,26927457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vinex,Great Anime/Monster Hunter style game.Enjoyed the story and there's tons of ways to play.Game is SUBSTANTIALLY longer than I expected it to be.  Hope they make a new game based on this universe.
76561198073886676,Recommended,438490,28004779,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bastard,Overall an extremely good game if you are into action/hack and slash/hunting games.Pros:-More than 100 chapters of solo campaign. The story is actually really good too.-Impossible difficulty level quests for end game. You can tackle these on your own or with your friends using online coop/Cons:-can't really think of any.Buy it and you won't regret it.
76561198242503478,Recommended,438490,27965810,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chicken Nugget's,It's Addicting JRPG
,Recommended,438490,27916815,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kusakabe,Sexier version of Monster Hunter.. and far more populated (at the time of this review).
,Recommended,438490,27899855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,insonotic,"Srated this series on the PSP loved it then love it more now, the skill crafting and support system add quite a layer of depth to this game, only fustrating thing I fing is the allied npc AI is not very bright."
,Recommended,438490,27998734,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dex,"I like this Game, i had some nice Hours with it, it has a long Story, nice weapon arts and stuff like that. Would also buy DLC's if there would be one. Anyway its a good game, u should check it out, if you like this type of Game genre."
76561198158554045,Recommended,438490,28123893,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gisela Nathania Belinda,Very Recommended for someone who like a game like this....It's really fun play alone because we has a great party but it's more fun play with a friend...You can play the whole story together or helping your friend looking for material to create the weapon you like....So Let's join the God Eater team and slay the aragami together....
,Recommended,438490,27908855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aeriel,"Joining the discount train~i play GE1 PC before (download it from skid), after getting rank 2 i must say that i MUST buy this game.........for achievement purpose~Pros :- Monster Hunter type game where you craft your own equipment, and search the material on your own- Great gameplay, its thrilling to hunt that Tanky like aragami that will shoot you with missile every 2 seconds- So many characters with their own unique play style, some of them are Waifu material~- The storyline is awesome, for a ""end of the world"" setup, its pretty greatCons :- Better equipment equal longer time, you know that BIG aragami will not go down easy- The graphic is cool but edgy, if you like AAA games more well sorry to say- Dubbing, well its not bad for GE, actually i like them, but the dub and the sub are different- the drop rate is like the actual MMORPG these days, you will swear a lot, and i mean A LOTits 95/100 for both of the game, its 2 game for 1 prize and its worth every penny~(consider you play GE1 first than GE2 if you want to deepen the story)"
,Recommended,438490,27946944,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,×,Best When U wanna play Together with your friends since its multiplayers mode lock on local servers u need few friends to help you out on story mode
76561198333167485,Recommended,438490,27574618,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,plankman,"Straight up, a good hunting rpg that anyone could enjoy. Its not overlly complicated like MH or anything, and it includes both God Eater 2: Rage Burst and God Eater Resurrection. Being a fan of the series scince the psp days I am glad to say this is a very good port of both God Eater Burst and God Eater 2. Although not having graphics as well as I had hoped, and the censorship from the JA release to the NA/EU is there although minalmal, i would still recomenned this game. If your new to the series or looking for an rpg to play, get this game on sale. If not and you own both GEB and GE2, then this may not be the best purchase for you. Still a good game none the less."
,Recommended,438490,27883714,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DJEcliptik,"So I have been looking for a game, for a long time, to pass the time while waiting for Phantasy Star Online 2 to be released in the west. It's not exactly PSO2, nor Monster Hunter... It's kinda like a sub-hybrid of a little of both.Pros-Multiplayer Action RPG - no massive lobby (I can concentrate on my friends)Gameplay is addictive60fps (at least on my PC with GTX 950)Craft your own costumesCons-Mostly battle, loot and crafting (not sure if this is a con, however, not much else to do)Not many costumes to choose fromNot many types of weapons to choose from (but gameplay makes up for it)Only 3 hours in, and can tell it is a cheezy storyline. However, no one plays these kinds of games for the story.Looks and plays pretty good. Only started GE2 Rage Burst, haven't tried GE Ressurection yet.6/10Only get this game while it is on sale. Not worth $50"
,Recommended,438490,27834009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sunshine,Monster Hunter + waifus + fan service = GE franchise
,Recommended,438490,27952306,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pixelheadRJR,One of the Best Jrpg in Steam.2 games in one purchase is a best offer for me.
76561198197827850,Recommended,438490,27937480,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MrRob15 |✪|,Anime + Monster Hunter = God Eater!A Monster Hunter with a story! Overall a great game. 10/10
,Recommended,438490,27574252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lilith,"First off i did this for the badge but whatevsSecond i WAS going to review it someday, but was too 'busy', but my time is nowLastly, I haven't played rage burst yet because I'm still busy with resurrection and by the end of the review you'll know why.I have at least 72 hours on resurrection so far.This has two games for the (I'd assume) price of one.Especially good if you buy on sale, but I find it worth of its original price.I loved God Eater so much, so I was so glad when they released a PC port because my psp mysteriously disappeared!But no matter what I do, even when changing gaming platform with this game, ERIC.STILL.DIES.I MEAN, YOUVE PLAYED WITH MYSTERIOUS OGRE MASK GUY, RIGHTHE LITERALLY SAID TO ME AFTER A MISSION,""Tell me, does my hair look alright""AND I STARTED LAUGHING AND WEPT A LITTLE BECAUSE HE'S D E A Dback to the reviewLikable characters, fashionable af, fun combat.Soma is my husband and Shiro and Ren are my children.Interesting plot, though somewhat predictable at times.Cool weapon and monster designs.I killed a lot of Sariels.The voice acting is amazing on some (Yuri Lowenthal ily thank you for Soma), but over all decent voice acting.A little bit grindy at times, but I find myself enjoying that as it usually triggers the dating sim like situation.And I like that because I'm trash.I find the controller's controls smooth, and the mouse and keyboard decent, as it gets awhile to get used to, but maybe that's just me.Also, if you're still unsure, I share a love with monster hunter, and while the games really isn't exactly the same, it has a similar gameplay, so if you're new to the franchise (which I doubt you are pff), you'd know what's coming.As a genuine lady I am overwhelmed by the amount of waifus and disappointed by the overall lack of husbandos but all I need is Soma so I am ok.Over all good game and good childhood psp nostalgia.Also, am I the only one who feels really unsatisfied if I don't finish all the missions in a difficulty before proceeding to the story mission? Because"
,Recommended,438490,27861938,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kuriyama,Best Monster-Hunting games i ever had
76561198169720561,Recommended,438490,33218330,Posted: 3 July,all,Toxic Player,The second God Eater in game. New bosses and God Arcs. Best monster hunting game 10/10
76561198123184606,Recommended,438490,33270362,Posted: 5 July,all,Dafuci,Blending Of Monster Hunter + Anime is here.Great Gameplay and Amazing story.Even you can create your own waifu here xDScore : 8/10
76561198236000858,Recommended,438490,33273408,Posted: 5 July,all,Cant lose anymore,This is good hacknslash game with good design huge monterNeed Japanese Voice
76561198021839074,Recommended,438490,33253573,Posted: 4 July,all,Vohl,Fill a hole in my soul while i wait for Monster hunter world
,Recommended,438490,33231711,Posted: 4 July,all,竜が我が敵を喰らう,kinda good for me
76561198316352484,Recommended,438490,25468548,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,I_am_Nish,almost if montser hunter was made with fanservice and modern apocolypse -_- i'd say 9/10
76561198077580819,Recommended,438490,33533167,Posted: 14 July,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,"I have played GE Burst & GE2 on PSP , downloaded them for freeThis game and G.E.R have the same stories as PSP version but more to offer.Gameplay is good and graphics are super good.I will rate this game 9/10 as the only thing that ticks me off is thatTHERE IS NO JAPANESE DUB.The english acents are giving me goosebumbs as I go further on. At every cut scene , my mind just starts to comparemy cut scene memories in PSP to PC , this game orginated from Japan and English VA doesn't go well with it as far as my weeb senses are telling meI hope to see a patch where they put back all the Japanese Dubs"
,Recommended,438490,33525200,Posted: 13 July,all,Dogedic and The Weeb Stick,Pros:-Smooth gameplay-Brilliant characters design-Good story-Give player lot of options to customize weapon and skill-Great co-op experience(Friends recommend)-Various of mission and difficulty(From very easy to hard as hell)-Cool background music :3Cons:-Cringy English dub(I recommend that you should find a Japanese dub Mod for the full story experience)Overall:8/10
,Recommended,438490,26200568,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Cypher,"Bottom line, YES I would recommend this game. Why? Description is below.A counter to CAPCOM's Monster Hunter series.Edit : Extra recommend the game. I completed it once and I'm dying a 3rd game. Very much enjoyed it. All the characters are unique, the designs are great, their personality are all oddballs that you don't see in everyday lives.1. Good Storyline. Even extra stories from each NPC and missions.2. Memorable Characters and their unique personalities. Every NPC is  unique.3. Higher Graphics compared to a small screen in PSVita.4. Multiplayer so they can help you kill harder boss with higher difficulty that can 1-shot-kill you.5. BULLET customization. You can custom your bullets. A lot is shared in the Internet.6. Character Customization with more than 100 clothes article.7. ""God Eater 2 Rage Burst"" is connected to the previous game. ""God Eater Resurrection"".8. Your Character talks. Only a few lines.10/10.My opinion. Would love a 3rd game. Would very much love to see more well developed story and added features to the gameplay. I enjoyed it. Guaranteed 50+ hours. (Excluding grinding for materials)"
76561198336071645,Recommended,438490,32187472,Posted: 4 June,all,SSJGinger,"In my opinion God Eater 2 Rage Burst is literally the best game in the entire world. I love Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 and in the past I've had a lot of love and respect for certain other games including Silent Hill 2, Resident Evil 4 and Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition but God Eater 2 Rage Burst has to be the best game I've ever played. There are only two cons I can think of and one of the cons is that the music during post-mission hangouts is WAY TOO FREAKING LOUD. I can barely hear the dialogue over the incredibly loud music that's blasting so it would be great if someone would fix that. Patch it or something please! The other con for me is how static the game becomes because it keeps going after it ends and I think the new missions are the problem. Of course I'm not talking about the Character Episodes you can take on from the Terminal or the Character Missions you can get from Hibari after the game ends, I'm talking about the regular missions that keep coming. What's the point of tons of new regular missions if there are no new cutscenes, no new items, no new post-mission hangouts, no new clothing, no new weapons and there are no new aragami? As you can see I've played the game for many many hours and I didn't get any new stuff after a certain point with the regular missions. That makes the game woefully static so I would have been happier if it just ended with closure. But aside from that, this is an awesome game and I highly recommend it. Steam review #2!"
,Recommended,438490,31967775,Posted: 26 May,all,人帥抱緊，人醜報警,"God eater is an amazing game and I highly suggest giving it a try. God eater 2 rage burst comes with resurrection which is actually the first game and all dlc for both games. It has a strong compelling storyline difficult missions, ((at least when playing solo, I've been told multiplayer makes everything super easy but have yet to try.)) Character design is great and you really learn to like characters int he frist game. in the second you will fall in love with the characters you meet and how amazing they are! If I had to say there was something I didn't like about both games, it's the repeated use of the same maps for combat, But I've come to ignore that with the idea of those areas are simply my Jurisdiction to patrol in a sense, as well as earth is a big place. There are bound to be identicle areas. But even so you don't really mind fighting on the same map that much after a while as a matter of fact you will probably learn to love it because you learn the best areas toc ounter certain enemies in and so on."
76561198071947844,Recommended,438490,28197572,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PhantomII,"When I first saw God Eater in my queue was intrigued. I figured it looked cool so I gave it a shot. What I was not expecting was for it to be as good as it was.  Not only does the game come with the first game in the series, but each game was a wonderful experience by itself.GOD EATER 2 Review:Pros:Great Story - Overall this game has a great story. Its an emotional ride that is for sure, and it was executed very well.Amazing soundtrack - One of the best soundtracks I've heard60 FPS and Graphics OptionsFun gameplay - there are tons of customization options for weapons, guns, outfits all the way down to bullets. Each gun and close combat weapon has its own feel and there is a weapon combination for everybody.Single or Multiplayer - the entire game can be played in either single or multiplayer. I was actually surprised how well this works, the story elements are presented like I was playing by myself but come combat the other players would join. I feel this worked very well.Good lengthCons:Graphics are dated - This game is a port of a psvita game and it looks like one. On the plus side you should be able to run this on a toaster if you try hard enough.Audio looping bug - as of this writing there is a bug in the game that causes some of the audio tracks to not loop properly. Not a big deal but what happens is the audio track will play through once during a level instead of looping for the duration of the level.Overall this was a very fun game with a fantastic story. The graphics are dated but it ran at a silky smooth 60 FPS and looked very sharp. I would highly recommend this game to anybody that enjoys JRPGs with fast action battles.GOD EATER RESURECTION Review:Pros:Good Story - The story of the 1st game is quite good but it gets washed out a bit by the ""filler"" content (see cons)Fun gameplay - the gameplay is almost the same and the 2nd one above with some minor changes.Single or Multiplayer - same as the 2nd one above60 FPS and Graphics OptionsCons:Repetitive - The game gets really repetitive as it goes on. The second game has enough story and variation of levels to keep it from feeling this way but the 1st one does not. Half of the time it just feels like certain levels were put in just to make the game longer aka ""filler""Graphics are dated - same as above but the second does have a lot more level detail, this game is however a lot older than the 2nd oneOverall its a pretty fun game. I found myself continuing to play despite the repetitiveness. The story is also pretty good and while it isn't entirely necessary for the 2nd one, there are a bunch of ""easter eggs"" so to speak for those that did play the first one."
76561198038169360,Recommended,438490,28379601,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cephirix,"-Solid 6/10 MH clone and can be a 7 or 8 if you dig the gameplay(killing big♥♥♥♥♥monsters) and story(killing big♥♥♥♥♥monsters to save humanity).-Missions can get *very* repetitive.  Needlessly so.  And makes it worse by making you go find some dude who's going to say one or two sentences saying you have to do another mission that you would have done anyway without visiting him.-Grinding isn't too bad in this game, somewhat in part to having to do a lot of repeat missions that serve only to pad the game, with the ability to trade tickets for rare materials if you are just having zero luck getting something.  Support skills with the ability to disregard breaking parts and/or increasing the reward for breaking parts also alleviate the need for grinding.  In all  I probably only did a couple hours of grinding the whole time i've played the game.-A lot of weapons divided amongst five melee weapon types and three ranged weapons.  All of course being viable in any sort of situation with some types being marginally better depending on the enemy.  Skills on weapons can be removed and replaced by others meaning you can get top-tier skills on weapons that may have skills that don't support your playstyle which is a plus over MH with not having to use a weapon you might not like the look of in favor of efficiency.-Characters are typical anime trope types; not necessarily bad but there won't be any deep or complex character development.  All of the characters each have their own story missions that can be completed to see into a bit more of their personailty and reasoning.  Some characters are better than others and their episodes don't serve to make them less annoying.  Characters aren't very interesting so you'll probably just go with the ones that you like the look of and on a certain ""sad"" part of the game you'll probably find that you don't care about that person that much.-There is multiplayer that works similarly to MH in that you have to join a room but you cannot freely leave and enter it.  All members of the room must be assembled first then enter into mission hub and if somebody leaves the process must be redone.  The multiplayer is just the single-player story but you have your buddies take the place of any npcs, as their own avatars, that may have been in the mission.TL;DR If you like MH and/or anime and don't mind doing a lot of repetitive missions on occasion then it's a pretty good game."
76561198077821173,Recommended,438490,29099499,Posted: 7 January,all,xDivinity,Excellent !!
,Recommended,438490,28722654,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cyperus Rotundus,Awesome Story~ great graphic
,Recommended,438490,29078996,Posted: 6 January,all,HonorGuardian,"As HonorGuardian, I like to keep this review simple and listed.God Eater Resurrection ReviewPRO:- Great Plot- A lot of Customizable gears and appearances- Can be online story with your friends or community- Create your own bullet styleCON:- bigger invisible hitbox- Update on Nov 1, 2016, got end-game ""ALT"" characters in Mission Rank 4... [Steam Forum reported that almost everyone got those characters  after the update...]- AI were kind of stupid when battling in narrow area, but smarter when fighting within opened area.- Lag on Controller, not react fast enough, so had to hold few buttons to use special moves/abilities. (Using Xbox One Elite Controller via Xbox One Wireless Adapter)- During a battle, player will be restricted from jumping or doing anything if your item menu is currently shown...- The game made after God Eater 2: Rage Burst due to pre-squel thingys, so some great tools/abilities won't be appear in God Eater 2 Rage Burst. ie: Customizable Predator style====================================================================================God Eater 2: Rage Burst ReviewPRO:- Definitely improved from GE R in many ways!- Powerful and Fast skills/abilities against enemies- New team- BLOOD RAGE! Actually save battling time by half or more.CON:- Some dialogues were found typos- No Cross-Over save from old game- Rain/Snow effects during battles at Mission Difficult 14 or higher torture my eyes enough to derail my focus on enemies. The Effect act along on screen, not as part of environment.- No customizable for Predator-styles. Understandable since God Eater Resurrection was made after God Eater 2: Rage Burst.- Visual bullets did not shown properly while looking at sky- They didn't upgrade bigger cage for Cappy... Poor him :("
,Recommended,438490,27458913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Minisgemeos,Best game I ever played
,Recommended,438490,27458973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leo Sinzu,Monster hunter but with more action
76561198078117464,Recommended,438490,27402584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SkepticFrog,"A drastic change in edgyness, recommend this to your edgy friends"
,Recommended,438490,27435409,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cloud,10/10 rpg game
,Recommended,438490,27421455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2B Nico Neko,Its really to play this with a friend in a form of a party.I recommend this game :3
,Recommended,438490,27490369,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[A.N.]Roglion,"Just a Monster Hunter rip-off, but with waifus"
76561198114035715,Recommended,438490,29091783,Posted: 7 January,all,BiG.DooM.GaminG,fans of God eater 4ver
,Recommended,438490,29091266,Posted: 7 January,all,Rikako Aida,"Played it first on my PSP got addicted by itthen brought it on Christmas Sale because i know it was worth itthen yes it is!2 games in 1God Eater Resurrection (more like a remastered edition of God Eater 1)and God Eater 2 Rage Burst,if you played the PSP Versionyou will appreciate this no doubt!You like anime? RPG? Hack And Slash? Grinding til you drop? Hunting Big Monsters? and searching for a game with good plot that will make you cry like a little girl? Then this game is for you!if you also like BIGGGG PLOTS with PHYSICS... you know what i mean..Overall 9/10 imo.."
,Recommended,438490,29057407,Posted: 6 January,all,SkildX,"Just bought the game and somehow it's worth my money. I love on how this game transformed the gameplay into a newer level compared to the first one and I also love the Remastered version of the first God Eater. I love the character design and the whole atmosphere was good enough to impress me.The only downsides though are the use of soundtracks to cutscenes, the english dubbing, and on how the story was made. As for soundtracks part, sometimes I kinda felt that it's played irrelevant to the scene, the music doesn't match at all to the situation. Not all cutscenes are involved in this but most part of it are. I didn't get the feeling on that situation just because of the soundtrack being played on the scene and it was a downer in my opinion, I can't really tell the atmosphere to those scenes whether the characters are happy, determined etc.The english dubbing was a little bit a downer too. The english translation is well and I'm not against english dubs at all but it seems like it changed the personality of the characters into a more jolly type (sorry I don't know how I call it). I kinda noticed that the english dubbing was more exaggerated than it should be on some characters plus it doesn't sync well to their mouth sometimes. To tell you straight, it needs improvement.As for the story, I have to say it's done well but I disliked on how it was made. I can't really explain it that much but in my opinion some parts of the story are quite rushed and lack of entry, welp, the story manage to catch up my expectations when it becomes so dang serious in the middle part.Despite of this downsides, I still love the game mainly because on how it improved in to the gameplay. I love it, and enjoyed it a lot. Hopefully you'll make something worth playing online, I can't see anyone making teams online and I felt alone in the lobby.Well, that's all of it, nice game and worth to purchase.Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,438490,28739837,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zxro.,"I'd definitely recommend this game to people that enjoy this genre, and have fun with ""grindy"" games.  This game is a lot of fun even if you haven't played the first game, or if you haven't even seen the anime, and of course if you've seen the anime and played the previous game it's even more fun.  The only really con parts of this game is the multiplayer system, as of Dec,27, the multiplayer is horrible, and there is no japanese audio option with subs, it's an extremely fun singleplayer game.Although if graphics are a huge deal to you and you only want 4k ultra photo-realistic-cinema graphics, probably isn't for you."
76561198111506765,Recommended,438490,28946047,Posted: 2 January,all,Chris~,"This game is amazing, and full of content. I'll review it as best as I can according to my own experience with the game:+ Hunter style!+ Awesome Graphics, plus you get some anime cutscenes once in a while.+ Incredible soundtrack.+ Good Storyline, and some extra missions add a finishing touch to those stories left incomplete on GE1/GE:R.+ Loveable characters, and tons of waifu material.+ Character creation is vast; although i'd like some height/weight sliders, I can't complain.+ Weapon customization is still a great way to make your character feel unique, going along nicely with Char Creation.+ Monster design is superb.+ Great Xbox controller support.- No japanese voices to be played along english subs, which could easily be a configuration setting.- Although its Monster design might be flawless, it does feel repetitive when you find a recolor of the same enemy (which has better stats) after a while.- Multiplayer is unexistent. I was not able to play a single online mission during my entire playthrough.- **** special missions and their frecuency."
,Recommended,438490,29067168,Posted: 6 January,all,Kiss-shot Acerola-Orion,"Mostly same with the Resurrection.Pros:Story is on par, if not better, than GER.Larger variety of enemies.More characters.More character development.Combat is smoother, and so are the controls, specially aiming with guns.A lot of equipment to choose from.Missions are less repetitive and grinding is easier.New skills(Blood Arts, Link Support).Improved ally AI.More mission maps.Cons:[/list]Item progression is whack. Compared to Resurrection, equipment upgrade got messier and rougher.Character missions can be a chore.Although the story is good, the pacing is too slow.Enemies became slower(IMHO)."
76561198077789502,Recommended,438490,29218208,Posted: 12 January,all,Mizaray,I love my emotionless character reacting to all this crap DGAF
76561198111061152,Recommended,438490,29175010,Posted: 10 January,all,SteelBallRun,"Played the PSP versions of GOD EATER back then, if you're into ''hunting'' games(monster hunter, toukiden,etc...) and anime, definitely worth playing, its also a good starter if you're new to the genre.The art and music are greatThe story its not bad, it tends to exaggerate with the drama sometimes, but not a big deal.You're gonna spend hours grinding for items, but also will spend hours with the amount of customizable options."
,Recommended,438490,31584718,Posted: 6 May,all,Kana-,72hrs and not finished with the story yet! I love this game since psp days one of the best hunting game for me.definitely worth the money and it comes with god eater resurrection~
,Recommended,438490,29600050,Posted: 30 January,all,Ace Cadet,"Kill sometime, kill some monsters.God Eater 2 is one of those games that you pick up, kill some♥♥♥♥♥♥ feel like an MLG pro, return to the hub and then have some guy talk to you about knee socks.I honestly love this game. Great for playing with friends. Great for killing time. It's also got itself an enjoyable story and some fun characters to get attached to.Also, buying this game gets you the remastered god eater 1 so yeah, good deal.If you're alone, I'd say it's alright to purchase but progression might be slow and a bit boring at times. If you ahve friends... pick it up... You've already read too much... What are you doing? Buy it! It's a bloody ball and a half to play with your mates! Sure it ain't a monhun, but it's got its own multi player charms I'd say. But, you'll need to change your download reagion as this game has some kind of region locking. The bloody♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AnywayGood game. Anime school girl cutting up♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator"
,Recommended,438490,25539203,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Skye of the Storm,all i have to say is........nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana  BAT MONSTER HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
76561198160540440,Recommended,438490,31722840,Posted: 13 May,all,Vairmillion,ADD ME FOR PLAYING THIS GAMEONLINE EVERYDAYTHANKS
,Recommended,438490,31637547,Posted: 8 May,all,Bitt Player,"I keep killing monsters and they keep making me kill bigger monsters and it never stops being fun. Not even when I got mulched by a literal biomechanical tank. That fight was awesome! It wasn't even a unique enemy either, I'm probably gonna end up fighting more of them at some point!Okay, okay, gotta chill a bit and write coherently. Anyway, it's a game about fightin' giant monsters. You get to customize the loadout on your transforming firearm + melee weapon combo, pick AI companions who come along to fight monsters too, then sally forth to fight variably-sized and generally-rad horrorterrors for the sake of all mankind.The plot is cool, too, it's that delightful and very specific variety ofutterly bonkersthat a lot of people say you should just ignore, but forget those people because it's pretty great. I will say that it will put a fair bit of stress on your disbelief suspenders, so make sure those are in good working order.Downsides? I think the translation is a bit flawed. I don't know whether it's ""Variant Scythe"" or ""Valiant Scythe,"" for example, but I know it's my favorite melee weapon type. Also, some of the included costume options were (for licensing reasons) removed from this release, but they bothered to translate -not remove- the messages telling you they're available. This decision baffles me, but there it is.Still, you wanna fight monsters? This'll get you fightin' monsters."
,Recommended,438490,31779018,Posted: 15 May,all,Knightmare1117,Ah... god eater  rage burst 2 for  me this game is verry good the weapons the mosters are so good it's like simplified monster hunter so yeah i would recomend getting this game the only con it have is it has the same theme of story as the first fod eater but over all pretty fun game 9/10
,Recommended,438490,31795630,Posted: 16 May,all,joji,"It's a hunter game on steam, and really similar to ""Monster Hunter'.If you are an anime enthuasist, I am sure u'll get ur new fav girl from this gaem Xd very nice.The game itself is very grindy. To get op weapons u will kill a lot of time by doing so.The choice of weapons is really nice, all sorts of weapon types you can choose.Some bosses can be a nuisance and I just want to die, very niceeee."
76561198385614861,Recommended,438490,33667321,Posted: 20 July,all,keithnguyen521,Best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,438490,27583028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grey Knight,An awesome game for all you God Eater fans out there...Story lines are (in my opinion) extremely similar for those who've already finished God Eater Burst.Your classic monster hunter kind of game with awesome graphics and storyline.I for one loved it.
,Recommended,438490,34013829,Posted: 4 August,all,Enruse,"Very good game, interesting story and unique characters. You can choose from tons of weapons and skills, each boss is unique and once these bosses get easy ( since you grow stronger) new ones appear, each group has its own weak points which is making first playthrough interesting. On other side i guess graphic aren´t amazing, your character (at least to the point where i got i story , ye after 100 hours i havent finished story :) ) is mostly speechless which was in my opinion worst part since it did lead to awkward conversations :D . Last downside might be low number of ""Arenas"" where you fight but this can be good since it spawns items that you have to collect on same places aswell. All in all I have no regrets on buying this game and I would recomend this awesome game."
,Recommended,438490,30867220,Posted: 31 March,all,Danku,No Plesioth 11/10
76561198134647629,Recommended,438490,34473848,Posted: 24 August,all,Fadelz,"I like Both Monster Hunter and God Eater back in the PSP, So seeing this game getting a port in PC really makes me Happy. I dont own PS4 nor 3DS so i havent played those games besides in the PSP.Now back to This game, Makes the Purchase Worth cuz you get 2 games in one. I slightly prefer God Eater cuz it has a Story than Monster Hunter and Its Fast Paced. (Although some battles takes Ages *looking at Kyuubi*) Not sure about Multiplayer support I tried to search for a lobby in RB2 but I heard that its region locked, but Ressurection isnt. Please make it not region locked? and also a japanese dub option would be nice. I played the OG God Eater 2 in JPN so im not used to the ENG VA"
76561198219712557,Recommended,438490,25928143,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gwaah,really good game
,Recommended,438490,35028480,Posted: 17 September,all,innocent brat,"it's a good game to play, but really sucks when it comes with multiplayerparty with 3-4 players often have bug in after mission loadingwhy don't they fixed it already?"
,Recommended,438490,35495352,Posted: 5 October,all,I'm a Dumbass,dis gud♥♥♥♥♥
